Why is everyone so upset that the markets are losing so much value and that people's portfolios are just getting wrecked? It'll come back. Who cares? So, it's important to understand that markets can go down way faster than markets can go up slowly and steadily over time. So, you have a lot of people who look if you're 20, 30, 40 years old and the markets have gotten obliterated, who cares? Maybe, you know, maybe it delays things a little bit, but probably not. If you're averaging in and maybe even averaging in with larger amounts of capital to take advantage of this big sell-off in the market, then for the most part, you're probably fine. Now, if you bought a whole lot of stuff and then you never planned on investing again, then yeah, maybe it delays your ability to retire because it takes you longer to get back to to where you were before all this chaos started. But imagine that you've got limited income or no income and you're close to retirement. You're 50, you're 60, or you are retired and this is happening to you. This recovery could take years for us to just recoup what we've just lost. It could take years. Which means if you are retired or planning on retiring, maybe you don't retire yet or maybe you're forced out of retirement because this has just wiped you out completely. That's why people are so upset. And it's also important during this conversation that we should talk about if you're 20, 30, 40, what to do so this doesn't happen to you down the road when you're 50 or 60 or 70 years old. And it's why reallocating is so important. This is just a loose example. Every investor is different, but 20 to 40 years old, you're predominantly in a tech ETF, then S&amp;P, and then dividend. When you hit 40 years old, you're still predominantly in tech, S&amp;P, and dividend, but you've added, see, you were 50% technology. Now you're 40%. And that difference goes into bonds. You're now 10% bonds. So just a little bit. And then once you hit 50, you notice that you're even less in technology, a little bit less in S&amp;P, a little bit more in dividends, and a lot more in bonds. There's an old adage on Wall Street that says, "Invest your age in bonds." I don't think this is necessarily true for someone who's 20 to 40. You don't need 40% bonds. Although maybe you do. Maybe you're more conservative and you're nervous and that gives you peace of mind. I will be 40 in May on May 21st. So, make sure you put in your calendar because I'm expecting a birthday note from everyone. Um, but I will be 40. What happened? Did my screen just get really dark for some reason while I'm filming this? That's weird. Uh, I have zero bonds and I have no plan on having bonds anytime soon. Make sure you smash that follow if you want to learn how to invest. See you later.