If you're in your 20s and you're watching videos on TikTok of people in their 40s going, "I have no money. I thought things would be different by now, they probably made a couple of big mistakes, but there's going to be one mistake that's probably their biggest, right?" Like, they probably had too many kids. They probably lived too far beyond their means. Maybe they were too obsessed with getting the nicest tech and the luxury cars and all that stuff when they really couldn't afford it because they thought it would make them feel better. There's probably a lot of little mistakes along the way, but the biggest one when I see a video of someone who goes, "I'm 40 and I have nothing." is that they probably didn't invest when they were in their 20s or they invested incorrectly. What I mean by investing incorrectly is that they only had one type of investment, which was or is for many people a retirement account, like a 401k or a Roth IRA or both of them, which is great for the future. That's money that you really shouldn't touch until you're 59 and a half. It's for retirement. Which is why a lot of people in their 40s might look at their situation and go, "But I don't have anything now." And that's because they invested incorrectly. So, here's how to switch that. Or if you're in your 20s, you're watching this video and you haven't started investing yet. Here's how you can prevent this from happening to you because you don't want to be 20 years later on whatever the hot new app is 20 years down the road going, "I'm 40 and I have nothing." First, you need a brokerage account. I use Charles Schwab. So, if you go to their website right here, and you go all the way over here to open an account, you will be prompted with all of these accounts. And a lot of people are going to say, "Open a Roth IRA. Open a Roth IRA," which is right. You should, but you should also open an individual brokerage account. The reason you want both is because the Roth IRA is for the future and the individual account is for the more immediate future. Like say in your 40s or your 50s, you say, "I want to make a big purchase. I can't. All my money is tied up in the Roth IRA." And yes, there are ways to get it back or ways to get it earlier and there's penalties you pay and exemptions and all of that stuff, but really simplifying it here, you shouldn't touch that money till you're 59 and a half. That's why you need the individual account. The individual account gives you freedom now to live the life you want now. But what goes in those accounts? This is a very loose guideline on how to invest over the years. These are not financial advice. They're just examples. There are many tech funds, many S&amp;P, many dividends. These are just the ones that I picked for this example. And how I would structure it is I would put a technology fund in my Roth IRA as my only investment. The reason is it's going to have the disproportionately larger return over time. and you want to avoid taxes on that. And then an S&amp;P and a dividend fund in my individual account along with maybe some individual stocks. If you are new here and you leave a comment below where you slide up in my DMs telling me your whole financial life story and you're not following me, I will not respond. It's just one way I set boundaries and prevent people from taking advantage.