If I was 16 years old and my parents were telling me, hey, you should invest for your future, I would be like, "Thank you so much. You have some great parents." But if you don't know how to start investing and maybe they don't know themselves first, you should both be following me. I actually have a lot of family members who follow me and they say parents and their kids sit down, they watch my videos together, which I think is kind of cool. Anyway, that's not why you're here. If you play this right, you could be retired in your early 40s. Or you could work the job you want to work, not the job you have to work. That's a real luxury. Since you're 16 years old, you can't open a brokerage on your own. Your parents have to do it. That's fine. It's called a custodial account, and it transfers to you the day you turn 18. And it's a taxable account, which means at some point, whether you're in your early 20s or 30s, you decide, hey, I'm going to sell this investment. You're going to be taxed on those profits. But don't worry because there's another kind of account that you're also going to open a little bit on down the road. So, this is the brokerage that I use. It's Charles Schwab. You go all the way over here and you click on open an account. And you can see all the options here. Individual, joint, Roth IRA, which we're going to get to in a second. But you're also going to scroll down here to where it says educational and custodial. That's what your parents are going to have to open for you. In that account, I would put the following investments. I know it's really tempting when you're 16 to be like, "Give me the next hot stock. What's going to be the next Apple? What's going to be the next whatever." Don't worry about that. Get the foundation first. Remember, you're watching me. I'm not watching you. This is what I would do. So, it's not financial advice. It's one example of many. I would put a technology fund like FTECH which you can see is up 446% in the last decade. One S&amp;P 500 index fund like SPLG which is up 177% in the last decade. And a dividend fund like SCHD which is up just about 100% in the last decade. If I was 16 years old and I had $1,000 to invest. And I know what you're going to say. What 16-year-old has $1,000? So I'm going to give you an example using me. When I was 16 years old, I lived in an apartment building. I put up signs in the laundry room in my building and all around my neighborhood saying that I would catsit, dog walk, babysit, that I would help old people carry up heavy things and install their technology. I would do all kinds of odds and end jobs, shovel cars in the winter. So, I had a pretty decent amount of money saved up when I was a teenager. And this is sort of how I would break down my investments. 50% in technology, 30% in S&amp;P, 20% in dividends. You want the dividends kind of in the background kind of slow and steady working for you reinvesting those dividends over time. And at some point I would get a job, right? We're going to assume you're going to get a job one day. You're going to then go back to Schwab and you are going to open a second account. You're going to open a Roth IRA. This money grows tax-free, but you really can't or shouldn't tap into that money until you're 59 and a half. So, it's way for the future. And in that Roth IRA, I personally would max out the technology fund. Well, the max contribution for a Roth IRA is $7,000 a year. So, if I was fortunate enough to be able to do it, I would put in $7,000 every year. And if I could only do 3,000 or 2,000, I would do that. And I would put as much as I could in technology. This is because technology will have a disproportionately larger return over time, but can be very volatile short-term. But you're 16, so it doesn't really matter for you. And in my individual account, which would be the custodial account that my parents had opened for me, I would continue investing in the S&amp;P and the dividend fund. Now, you should probably take a screenshot of this and save it because by the time you're in your 50s, I'm going to be in my mid70s and who knows if Tik Tok is going to still be around, if you're even going to be following me or remember me. But you should remember this. This is my breakdown of how I would personally invest over the years. And look at what happens when you hit 50. You start to remove some of your investments from high risk or growth and put it into stuff like dividends and bonds. That's it. As simple as you could get it. Make sure you smash that follow. Thanks for watching. to it.