Alright guys, lesson two in this crash course is the operations, the systems and the operations. And this is critically important as you kind of get from that first deal and then you start putting in other deals in place, right, where you have multiples and you're dealing with different investors and you have all these things that you have to start thinking about in terms of accounting, legal, bookkeeping, right, CRM system, websites. As you start to kind of go from a one-man, one-thing operation into more of a kind of a business setup where you have multiple properties, You gotta have the systems and operations in place and all those fundamentals, because that's gonna allow you to scale when you're ready to do that. And scale and do it tactfully without trying to catch your own tail as you're going through it and tripping over yourself as you grow. So through the operations and the systems, I'm gonna go through what we use, how we do it, and then you'll see it behind me and how we apply that. And then you can see how you would, and what systems you would use. But I have links and everything down below for the things that we use. And then you can take those, use the exact same ones, or go create your own, or go get other systems that are similar. So here we go. Real quick, on the operational side, these are kind of the six different things that are probably most important in terms of the operations and systems that you're gonna need as you get larger and begin to scale and grow. Number one is the accounting and the legal systems. You need a good accountant. You gotta have one that's kind of a business strategy guy. And I have a link in here who we use. The legal side, you're gonna deal with different types of legal attorneys. In the beginning, maybe it's just a business real estate attorney that's gonna draw up a operating agreement or something like that that you would have, an LLC agreement, operating agreement, stuff like that for a specific single-asset entity or a business. So that would be just kind of a business real estate attorney that would do that. And as you grow and you get into larger deals, you're gonna deal with what's called a syndication. And with that, you have what's called a private placement memorandum. And that private placement memorandum incorporates a few different documents. One is the offering, the other is the subscription agreement. And the lastly is the operating agreement. And then you have an investor questionnaire, but it a whole kind of package of documents that gets drawn up by a securities attorney not a real estate attorney a securities attorney And so that where you add on a securities attorney to your team okay And I have links in here who we use and you can choose whoever you want, but that's just kind of who we use and set up our operations. Number two is a good bookkeeper. You know, that's gonna be separate from your accountant because the accountants are gonna be much more expensive. They're gonna handle really the tax returns and the K-1 statements for your investors. The bookkeeper's your day-to-day operations. They're gonna reconcile the accounts every month. through your QuickBooks system. Ideally, we use QuickBooks, and they'll go in there and reconcile it, making sure all the mortgages add up, all the numbers add up, and it all looks good, so that way when it gets passed over to your accountant, right, for tax time, everything's in order, and you have multiple eyes on things, and everything looks real smooth, especially as you get growing with investors, you wanna make sure this stuff is aligned correctly for everybody, okay? So, good bookkeeper. Number three, the system we use for the accounting is the QuickBooks, and we can use that. It's pretty scalable. QuickBooks Online has lots of great features to it. We use that for our business and it works quite well. Number four is a good CRM system, right, with lead generation and all that stuff backed into it where you can put everybody in there and it links to your phone. So when you're adding contacts to your phone, it automatically inputs to your backend CRM system and everything integrates and syncs, right, with Google and all that stuff. CRM system and a website. So we use Wix. So if you go on brennampoli.com, it is a Wix website. If you go to multifamilyintelligence or multifamilyschool.com, all Wix websites. And then back into those has all the marketing and all that stuff, but it's a Wix website. Okay, pretty good. And then the CRM system is we use Syndication Pro. As we've grown, we started off with a basic kind of CRM that you can use. And then as we've grown, we got into Syndication Pro is who we use. And you can click the links below this video for you. And that's going to help you manage all your leads, like investor leads, as well as actual investors. And then all of your projects as you get going. And then within those projects, you can start doing distributions, you can start showing how the waterfalls work, and these are more detailed topics. But it really great for kind of multi investing It designed for it It called Syndication Pro That the CRM we use for our investment business And then number five is a pro forma in Excel If you don't know Excel, you're going to need to get to know it, right? Depending on where you're at, right? So for me, because I run all the operations, the logistics, all of that stuff is kind of my main scope. I know Excel quite well, right? We have a pro forma system that I have a basic one here that you're going to get. It's for pretty much two to 10 unit type properties. And then we have a more elaborate one, which I can't give to you because it's an expensive one that was built that we handle for our 100, 200 unit properties that I had actually got. But there's a company, a link that I put in here, it's called Real Data. Real Data's the company and it's a good company. It has a great pro formas, all different types, but perfect for you kind of plug and play. And then it's gonna spit out some great reports, very institutionalized, very sophisticated for someone that's going into larger type complexes, right? To break everything down. Everything you can think of is gonna be in these things. It's really, really good. So that's real data. You'll see that links here. And then I'm giving you a freebie that we've set up that's ideally set up for two to 10 unit type properties. Okay? So Performa, that's plug and play with Excel. You're gonna need to get to know Excel. And if you don't have Excel, you're gonna need to get it and get comfortable with it. Okay? Number six is property management. Other brokers, real estate brokers, to be able to source deals in a pipeline for you. And then lastly, all your contractors that you're gonna deal with, from handyman all the way through general contractors and plumbers, electricians. You gotta have a database of people set up ready to go in each market that you go into. And that gets into the logistics and the operations of what we did when we started to scale out of state, and we'll get into another lesson, okay? So property management, here's the good news. I'm a licensed real estate broker, so this is the value you bring. And this is why it was so important for me to team up with somebody, Because I can bring, we have a property management company locally in San Diego and then as we grow, we can start handling that stuff nationally if we're doing it correctly. And we're kind of setting that up now. Number two, the brokers. I a licensed real estate broker although in other markets that we in we connected with CBRE Burcadia Marcus Milichap Colliers I mean on and on and on the multifamily group and there brokers all over the country and you have to build that network, it takes time. But those are all the logistics and the operations when you scale nationally where that starts to go. But you're gonna build this. You build it locally first and source your deals, and then you can start scaling outside of the area in your backyard. But property management, real estate brokers, in the commercial space or residential, A lot of them deal in both in your local markets. And then your contractors. You're gonna have a couple licensed general contractors, and then that can handle larger projects for rehab and stuff. I'm a licensed general contractor, so once again, this is the value that, I mean, it's a massive value that I brought to Christopher Pulley, and he brought to me is, look, I'm a licensed general contractor, I'm a licensed broker, we have a property management firm. All this vertical integration that saves us an enormous amount of time, and helps us be very efficient and tactful with what we do. I can bring that to the table, right? And most people can't do that. So it was a huge value for me to bring that because I could run all the operations. I know Excel, I know the performance. I can run or underwrite things. I went to school for it. I can see the deals, underwrite, put them together, roll in the commissions, be a broker, be a property manager. I can run the general contractions stuff. I know all of that. But we have handyman, all the contractors back in that we, you know, issues come up, right? You gotta go fix things. We have a whole source and database of people that we use to go do that. So you gotta have that sourced and set up. So these are a lot of the systems, the operations, the main categories that you have to get set up as you kind of grow your business and you go from that first deal to a second deal and then three, then four, then five, then 10, you got all these properties under management, you better have these operations in place because it's gonna help you grow and grow right without making a bunch of mistakes, especially in the money side with investors, okay? So I hope that makes sense. All the links and more notes are here in in this video to kind of give you some time, re-watch this thing and then we'll walk through it. If you have any other questions, reach out to me personally. I'd be happy to kind of break this down a little bit further, but these are the systems that we use for the logistics and the operations. There's a few more here in, but for the most part, this is pretty good. So I hope this makes sense. Click the links below, get the more details on what we use and the notes, and I'll see you in the next lesson.