All right, so now we're going into the physical due diligence. You're an escrow, you're going to be walking the property, you're going to have your team on board, you're going to walk the units. What do you need to be paying attention to as you're doing the physical due diligence of the property? Obviously, first and foremost, before you're probably even an escrow, you're looking at things like location, the personnel, which includes staff, tenants, and the property management, the processes they're using for work orders, for lease-ups, all of that, for notices, all of that, kind of in that process side of it. And then the pricing to the market and your comps. And that's kind of the stuff you're dealing on the physical side up front before you even probably got to this stage. But so now we're in escrow, what to expect. So your team, once again, this is going to be on your sheet that you can download right here in. The team that you're going to include, full-blown property inspector. Maybe it's your construction crews that you're going to be using. You need a roofer. You need a pool guy. You need the contractor that's going to be doing your rehab. A termite inspector. Landscaper. HVAC contractor. You definitely need a plumber and an electrician. Typically, from the property inspector, they'll be able to check out the plumbing, scope all the lines with a camera, scope all the lines with the camera, check the drainage, look for some plumbing issues throughout. All of that stuff is very important because it's very costly. Your property inspector will look for foundation and drainage issues stuff like that Stuff very very very important you need to be looking for first and foremost Sprinklers water valves shut off valves for the buildings All of these things are going to kind of go through this physical checklist But your team is property inspector, roofer, pool, contractor, rehab, termite, landscaper, HVAC, plumber. You're going to have all these guys and they're going to be put together typically through your property inspector that's going to do a whole inspection. You're going to walk every single unit. Do not do the sample size. If the broker or the seller says, oh, we'll just 10, 20%, we'll get you into 10, 20%. The answer is no. We will walk every single one. So notify all the tenants. We're coming in. If it's a 100-unit complex, it's going to take us probably two days. If it's a smaller complex, maybe a day. You could bust through all those units in a day, like 20, 30 units. But you're going to walk every single unit, and you're going to have a checklist. We use a software called HappyCo. It allows us to snapshot every single unit's condition, where it's at, with all the photos, checklists, everything. And we have two or three people on site going through that. So they're popping through units very quickly, taking photos, checklisting everything. Very, very, very sophisticated, quick and easy. And that gets into a full-blown report. So that way now we have a snapshot of every single unit before we've closed escrow, condition, where it needs to go, what needs to be fixed, deferred maintenance from improvements, all of that stuff. Happy Co is a great software to use if you doing this and doing your unit walks The lender is also going to typically have a property condition report that gets done That by the lender a third party that comes in does a property condition report They'll take a sample size of the units, typically 20%. You are going to walk every single one. Very important. Pay attention to the down units. You ask them, what units are down? Meaning, for whatever reasons, water damage, other damage, whatever it is, what units are down, not rented, not make ready status, aren't ready to come online within say 20 days or so. Pay attention to deferred maintenance like we talked about earlier versus say a capital improvement for improving the property to add value and add rent bumps. Deferred maintenance has to be done, that's separate from your improvements. You have to segregate those. Number of upgrades. So what upgrades have been done on the property? And have the seller as well as the property manager kind of tell you what upgrades have been done over the last say three months, I'm sorry, three years on the property, can you tell us? You're going to have a pre-construction meeting prior to the close of escrow with your construction team and have everything kind of set up and ready to go and a plan and cost set prior to close of escrow. Give the management team about one week after the close to verify what is vacant so this way you know the true down units versus say a vacant unit that made ready or ready to be made ready You going to scope the sewer lines HVAC on all the units water heaters boilers or furnaces the roof windows inspection siding stucco paint inspection termite Foundation and drainage, electrical panels, walk in all the units for the condition like we talked about, pool, play yard, common areas, FF&E, furniture, fixtures, equipment, landscape, entrances, gates, all of that stuff. You're going to be checking on the physical side of it. All very, very important. Check the expensive stuff. foundations, drainage, roof, right? All the expensive stuff, structure, all that's very important. Take a look at the soil. Are things moving? Certain states are different. Texas, you have movable soil. You got to really check that stuff, check the drainage. Very expensive to fix later. If there's an issue now, bring it up to the seller and there's a concession that can happen or some way to work that out. Okay. Don't be scared of dealing with that in escrow. So that's all kind of the physical side of it and get all the reports in, look at it all. If you got to go back to the seller and ask for some concessions or credits or whatever it is, you want to do that within that 20 to 30 day window. So you got to be on it pretty quick and have your team out there. Typically in the first 10 days of you going into escrow, your team's out, you're inspecting the property, going through all that. So that's the physical side of it. Now we're going to jump into the last part, which is kind of the market side of it and what you need to be looking for from the market, the comps, all of that to kind of know where you're headed and where things can go on the property. So let's go.