So how's everybody doing today? Chiming in from all over the country. Awesome to have you in here. Perfect. Great. Glad to hear. Yeah, and we're starting to see some folks, you know, executing on some more deals, which is great. You know, smaller apartment deals, but it's, you know, 10 units is amazing. So that's a good unit size. You know, we went from a condo to duplexes, four plexes into five to 10 unit space first before we got into that 25 plus. And then, of course, now 100 unit plus type deals. You're graduating into that where you learn the nuance of these deals. Really, really, really important. OK. Well, we will get going. Perfect. OK. OK. So we've seen this a million times. that's not embedded in your brain yet. We've gone through a lot of discussing finding deals, analyzing them financially to make sure they're a good deal. But now you have this big thing is, hey, I found a deal, I got to raise some money. How do we raise capital? And how do we do it properly, both legally, but then from a marketing aspect? Legally, then from a marketing aspect. Really, really, really key to being able to buy apartment buildings. So we kind of briefed on this before, okay but when you're raising capital raising money you got to know where to look right who's going to be interested and if i don't have if i'm new to this if i haven't done this before if i don't know anybody if i don't have a database if i don't have investors i haven't even done a deal i get it but you got to start somewhere and so in the beginning we've said this before your friends and family and high net worth of individuals but this is really the four main spots you get money and the bigger the deals you do and the more you do and down the road as you grow, you'll start to open up these doors. But in the beginning, these are the doors you're going after, friends and family and then maybe some high net worth individuals that are related to friends and family. And how do I separate the two? Really, your friends and family are going to be bringing in the minimum investment. So if you did a deal and you said, hey, our minimum investment is going to be $25,000 or $50,000, dollars, they're typically going to bring in the minimum. Okay. The high net worth folks, if your minimum is 50,000, maybe they're willing to buy more shares in the deal and bring in 250,000. And if you did say, if you did a deal that was, let me move this up for example. If you did a deal where you were raising, let's say $700,000. And of the $700,000, you as the general partner, GP, are going to bring in about $70,000, 10%, give or take. And the LP, which is all your investors, they're going to be bringing in $630,000. So then the question is, how is this 630 going to get raised, okay, the 630. Well, you're going to end up having about one or two of these folks, maybe one or two high net worth individuals, maybe none of them. You may be, hey, I don't have, you don't get access to them, but likely going to get one of them. Somehow, some way, something's going to come around and you're going to land one of them. And then you're going to get these folks, a bunch of them around the 25 to 50K mark, okay? And that's how this 630 is going to get made up. Because if you get 100, 150, 200,000, and then you get a handful at 50 and so forth, you've raised your money. And typically a $700,000 deal on a raise, that's going to buy you maybe a $2 million building or one and a half to $2 million building. And based on that, this 630 will be raised by that. You'll have about five to eight people in the deal on average, five to eight people. You got to go find five to eight people to give you some money, right? So that's kind of where the money's going to come from. Friends, high net worth individuals on your first deals, okay? So if you're doing your first deal and you have it set up and you found it, you've underwritten, you've done an offer, the offer is going to get accepted. Now you need to start doing the marketing side of it and the legal side of it. So that way, Everything is structured. OK. Any questions right now is to kind of where we're at so I can kind of make sure I'm not moving too quickly. But answering your questions on this stuff. Or just say awesome. Beautiful. OK. Yeah. So. great question. So, you know, how, you know, what are the items you're going to need to raise the money? Okay. A couple of things. You know, it's kind of broken into two because the raising capital, we'll say this is the marketing side. Okay. The marketing side of things is stuff like this. You need a pitch deck and you're asking yourself, well, what's a pitch deck, Justin? Well, we've gone over this, but if I were to bring it up again, here's a pitch deck. This is just simply a marketing piece that showcases your deal. Showcases the deal to everybody and goes through the details and explains what the property is, explains the returns, potential returns to investors. It gives information, executive summary, offering, how much money you're raising. Because like most investors, these are the three things they want to know. How much do you need? When do you need it? When do I get paid back? How much do you need? When do you need it? When do I get paid back? Like that is the quintessential three things that any investor wants to know. So how much do you need? We're raising 8.6 million, right? When do you need it? We have our timelines in here to showcase that, right? When do I get my money back? Well, that breaks down in your examples of cash flows. Okay. A lot of visualization on it. this kind of, you know, do you say, well, gosh, I can't put all this together. Yes, you can. And this is kind of the stuff that we've teached in the mentorship program, which we go through it, and we give you the pitch decks and the PowerPoints and all that stuff for you to do it. And then we walk through it, and how you would actually put something like this together. But once you do it once or twice, it's just on repeat, right? But yes, I mean, you should learn how to do the pitch decks, because you're the one that's going out there to pitch to investors. And I don't care if it's your mom and dad or if it's somebody you don't know that well. Either way, you should treat it the same because how you do anything is how you do everything. How you do anything is how you do everything. So treat your mom and pop just like any investor going through the proper procedures and protocol as you would do if it were someone you didn't know that well and you were elevator pitching about the deal. Very, very, very important. But yeah, pitch decks are critical. Okay. Critical, critical, critical. Beautiful. Do you have the pitch deck? You're going to do a summary video. I don't know if some of you have seen the summary videos and stuff that I do, but you'll want a summary video that's going to kind of like talk about the deal itself and you explaining it to people. Right. And I have summary videos on most of our deals that'll kind of walk people through what the deal is. It's maybe, you know, five to 10 minutes. And then that's put up onto a landing page or a portal. In our case, we put it into a backend portal where investors can go into and get all the documents, all the information, get the pitch deck, download everything, watch the summary video, set up a phone call to then walk through the deal. Okay. So then they can get comfortable and want to wire money. Give you a perfect example. I was just on a phone call before this today. And one of our investors had reached out about the NOLA Sky Las Vegas deal and has interest, had got into the portal, reviewed everything, watched the summary video, downloaded all the docs, went to the pitch deck. Now they wanted a phone call. So we had a scheduled phone call to go over, you know, the minute details. Because as anything goes, it's all about trust and likability. Do I trust you to take my money, treat it as your own, go invest it in something, and then be able to execute and provide returns? So that trust, you know, is built. And that's why in the beginning, you're typically dealing with friends and family, people closest to you or relationships to it, because you may be saying to yourself, well, I don't have friends and family that have any money, right? You may be saying that to yourself, or I don't know anybody that has any money. Get all the marketing pieces together, get the pitch deck, get the deal in place, get the videos, get all that stuff in place, start putting it out using social media, using an email database system, using this stuff and reaching out to people. And it may not be them. You may call every broke friend you know. And then those broke friends, they don't have the money. You say, listen, John, I have a great opportunity. I'm trying to find some people that may be interested in investing in it. Who do you know? Who do you know? Can I send it to you? Can I send it to them? Who do you know that may be interested in investing in a deal and blah, blah, blah, blah? You'd be surprised, right? You're using those connections through to find some folks because they may not, but they may do. So that's why it's important to use your database for that. Can you use social media So great question just came in Can you publicly market a deal The answer is no. The answer is no. So let's, let's, here's the question. Can you publicly market an opportunity on social media and out to the world, run ads, do all this stuff if you don't have a 506C offering in place legally. And so, great question. Let me open this up real quick. So your first couple of deals may be small enough to where you can just do an operating agreement. Okay. maybe just do an operating agreement, LLC, operating agreement, and then all the different members are in it. Maybe you have three, four, or five, and everybody knows each other, right? These are friends, family, people, people, everybody knows each other. So it's tight, and you can put everybody in this little operating agreement, and then that LLC owns the house, right? The property. That's maybe how you'll do maybe one or two deals that way, possibly, depending on how well you know the people. That's that. Now, presume for a moment that you don't know the people. Because the minute you start raising money from people you don't know that well, I highly advise you going through what's called a PPM, a private placement offering, private placement memorandum. That's where this comes in. So this is when you're raising money from people you don't know that well. Okay, you're going to use a securities attorney. As you know, if you go into the vendors and systems and stuff, there's a download in there that shows who we use for our securities attorneys. You can reach out to them. There's other ones in general, but you're going to need a securities attorney. They're going to prep your private placement memo docs. Once you do this one time, it's basically templated. Now, in the future, it gets faster and cheaper. But the first time, at least around $14,000 to $16,000 for the first set of docs. Half price after that and so forth. But the document package, the private placement memo package, is going to include these four documents. The offering, the subscription agreement, the operating agreement, and then the investor questionnaire. Investor questionnaire. There are two types of offerings. This is what Hayden was referencing. 506 B, 506 C. These all fall under what's called a reg defiling by the S-E-C. Okay? Okay. basically what this means a 506b offering is if you can have non-accredited investors and accredited investors but you can't publicly market it no public marketing okay i can't be on facebook going yeah right i can't be running ads i can't publicly market this thing out to the world like some big commercial, but I can bring in non-accredited investors and accredited. Now, you may be asking yourself, what the heck is a non-accredited accredited investor? There is a breakdown. If you actually go, I mean, you can look it up, you can just Google it, accredited investor, non-accredited investor, if you want. Very easy. And it'll break down what a non-accredited and accredited investor is. There's about four or five things that specify what an accredited and non-accredited investor is. And all that's happening with this is the SEC, this nice little organization, is making sure that you're not taking grandma's last 50 grand and then turning into an American Greed Show three years from now. They don't want to make sure you're running things a certain way. So if you're going to publicly market a deal, it needs to be accredited investors only. Okay, that's a 506C. So with a 506C, I can put it out to the world. I can mass market it. I can bring anybody and everybody in Hobunk, Two Bump, Pum into it. But they have to file and they have to be an accredited investor. And the way they do that is they answer the questionnaire verifying it. And then you can also have a third party company verify their accreditation before they can give you their money. That's a 506C. The 506B offering is non-public. This is how we did our first two deals. One was a 27 unit in Kansas City. One was a 31 unit in Kansas City. Both 506B offerings. We had accredited and non-accredited investors. That broke down to maybe out of the seven or eight people in each deal, two or three of them were accredited. Two or three of them were non-accredited. Okay. And it was all done through friends and family. Our network and our database is how we marketed it out through an email, through a phone call, through a text message, through friends and family, all kind of within our sphere of connection. And that is legally done. We still did the PPM documents that had these in it. And it was marketed as a 506B. It was done by a securities attorney and they did all the filings and stuff for us. I know it sounds like foreign language right now, but once you do it once, you'll understand this. It was a lot for me to take on as well in the beginning, but once I went through it, I was like, oh, okay. It sounds all scary and all super important, but it's really not. It's just, there's a procedure and a process to do it right, and you want to make sure you do it right when you're raising money from people you don't know that well. As we said, if you're running it with just friends and family and people you know well, you may just be able to do an LLC operating agreement. Everybody's in it as a member and that owns the property directly. Does that make sense? Okay, awesome. And then when you start to get it to the point where, hey, we're going to raise a couple million dollars. Awesome. And that's going to be from people we don't really know that well. Awesome. Well, then you need to get into a PPM, a private placement memorandum done by a securities attorney. It's going to include these four documents. You're going to run it likely. Your first one's going to be a Reg D filing 506B as a boy, where you can't market to the public, but you're going to have everything done accordingly, legally. And once that's in place, you can start taking money. Now you can start taking money because you're basically selling private shares of ownership, if you think about it from a big perspective, you're selling private shares of ownership to the apartment building. So unlike, say, a public stock offering, right, we all see stocks on the stock market, that's a public offering. These are private, right? Hence private placement memo, okay? Private placement offering. You're offering private stock shares, ownership equity into an apartment building, right? And to do that, you need to do it correctly and have proper language and legal docs and all that stuff. And we give you all these sample docs in your downloads. You can go through there. You'll see appendix ABC and the private placement offer. You can look at all those documents. They're all there. You have the attorney and the contact information for it. Reach out to me. That's why you have our contact info, email and text when you get to that point, because I will help walk you through it. Our team and everybody will when you get there. Okay. But I'm betting, I'm betting that in the beginning, I think you could pull off your first deals if you haven't done one yet by just doing a normal LLC. And then if you are getting to the point, then you get to this. Okay. Awesome. Great question. Great question. Because that's kind of the legal details on that that are really important. So back to raising the capital part. We've gone over this on how you're going to market, right? Because that's the marketing side is you're going to have a nice little pitch deck put together of which we have the templates for for you to use. It's going to give info about the property, the deal, how much money, you know, minimum offering, how much money we need, how much money we're raising, what are your expected projected returns? And then when would you get the money back. Kind of explain the deal. So pitch deck summary video where you're kind of talking about it and you should talk about it. You're the one kind of pitching it. You're the head investor person, the general partner, trying to raise money and people need to like you and trust you. You need to believe you know what you're doing. And if you don't, that's obviously in the beginning, that's where you lean on us because we're helping you handhold through that process. Right. But if you haven't done it before, use us. If you have, obviously we're still there for you. So summary video, obviously, if you have some emails, phone lists, all that stuff, a CRM, database of people, a list of investor people, friends, whoever it is, you'd be shocked. You'd be shocked. People know people who know people. People know people that know people. And if they can't invest or don't want to invest, you say, who do you know? I mean, that's how I would always pitch most of it. I wouldn't even go direct. Because I would say, hey, John, Joanne, I'd blast it out to my database. I have a couple people respond back And then they may say I can really do it right now I say awesome Who do you know that may I think this is a great opportunity We going with it We making it happen We're raising the money with or without you. But who do you know? Right. And they'll put you in connection with people. You'd be amazed. So that's on that side of it. and then like we said with your friends and family versus a high net worth individual you're typically going to get 25 to maybe 500k from friends you're definitely going to get some bigger checks from the high net worth individuals whether that's 100 200 300 500 that's kind of the difference between them but that's the sectors of people that you're raising money from okay um Perfect. So I want to open it up to some questions further on this. Some of you are so quiet, but it's good. Yeah, I mean, the process for setting up a Reg D filing 506B or 506C, it's not that challenging. And your securities attorney, that's going to be built into their feet. They will help you prep the documents. They'll do the Reg D filing with the SEC, which is like a two or three page document that gets filed. And then what they call blue sky filings. What blue sky filings are is they're going to file something in each state that your investor is from. So if you end up getting five investors and they're from five different states, they will file a blue sky filing in each of those states to say, hey, we got 50 grand from here, 100 grand from here, 150,000 from here. But that's kind of, that's why the securities attorney is there. What they do is what they get paid to do. And that's why they need to be on your team when you get to that point. So finding the deal, whoops. We've gone through that stuff. We'll continue to analyzing them. and then the raising the capital part. So, and as we said, with the raising the capital, it's a two-part game. It's a two-part game because you have the marketing side and then you have the legal side, which is that. And whether you do this full-fledged PPM or you just do an LLC operating agreement, that's the legal side of it. So you're going to have the LLC operating agreement if it's just close people around you. And then if you're going bigger and you're raising money from people you don't know, you're gonna do a full-fledged PPM, private placement memo offering. And that's how the legal side works. And then of course, the marketing side. So that way you have a deal, you put a pitch deck together, you summarize it in a video, you blast it out to everybody you know, you set up the phone calls, you talk about it. And when they're ready, they say, send me the legal docs, send me the docs and send me your funding instructions on how to fund the money. And so that's why obviously when you get your LLC set up, whatever it may be, you're of course going to have a bank account attached to one of the banks. So that way people can wire money in. So it's specific to the LLC. Does that make sense? Awesome. I know it's a lot, but that's why we'll continue to go over it, right? I mean, seems like foreign to a lot of people at first, but the more and more you hear it, the more and more you go over it, the more and more you get comfortable with it. Because when I first saw this, the first time I saw it, I was like, I hyperventilated. I was like, oh, my gosh, that seems like a lot. And it is in the beginning because it's very foreign to you. It's natural to feel those feelings. But once you kind of go through it and you get a securities attorney on your team, of which we give you who we use, we give you our entire team. So that way you don't have to think or go find people. It's there. You can go find your own, not a problem, but we give you suggestions. So another great question coming in. Oh, I thought we went over that, but we'll do it again. Hayden, great question. So it was, if you're raising capital from friends and family, what, if any, legal docs are needed when they agree to invest? If everybody that's coming into the deal, you know them pretty well, and there's a few people, maybe three, four, five, six people in the deal, and you know them. You may just need an operating agreement. So an LLC formed, call it 123 East Main Street, specific to the property, an SPE, specific property investment vehicle. So it's going to be an LLC for the property specifically. And then that LLC is going to have an operating agreement. That operating agreement is going to specify how much each person's investing. So let's say you were raising $500,000, okay? And you knew everybody in the deal. This person was giving $50,000. This one was giving $100,000. This person was giving $50,000. This person's giving $200,000, right? And then $25,000 and $25,000. hypothetically, thousand. So they're all members in it, right? An LLC operating agreement is going to have a managing member, which is you, right? Running the deal. And then you have members, right? Which are silent partners, basically passive investors, managing member, member, managing member, member. And that's going to be in your LLC. Obviously we have examples in your download section of what an LLC operating agreement would look like, but you need an attorney to draft it, right? Don't be buying templates and trying to put this stuff together on your own. Because you have to understand everything's fine until it's not fine. Everything's fine until it's not fine. You can go buy templates, but then you go put them together yourself thinking, oh, I'm going to save some money. Yeah. Until there's a problem and that investor's attorney calls you and says, hey, awesome. Hey, we have a little problem. Who's the attorney that drafted your docs? and then you're going to look at yourself and go, oh, crap. I got a template off legal Zoom. You need the attorney to back up the documents. Very important. Because when push comes to shove and there's a problem and you get an attorney coming after you, you need to say, here's our attorney that drafted the docs. You guys talked together. Thank you so much. Have a great day. And that way, at least you have a guardian and a front runner for the docs. Very important. But that's if you know everybody in the deal. If you don't know everybody in the deal, Hayden, you're asking the question, what's the documents you're going to have? You're going to have a PPM. Here's the documents that are made up in the PPM. This gets drafted by a securities attorney. They will do all of this for you. The first set of docs you do, at least from the attorneys we use and have used in the past, $14,000 to $16,000. And that's going to include the documents, doing filings, and all the proper legal stuff to file these filings for you. Reg B filing, 506B or C, depending on what you're doing. Then it's going to get cheaper, about half off the second time and the third time and the fourth, right? And keep doing more deals, it's going to get cheaper because now a lot of stuff's templated and you're working with the attorneys on those deals. Does that answer your question? All these documents, samples, are in your portal. You can download them all to view them just to see, like, what in the world are they, right? But your PPM includes four documents. The offering, which basically explains in great detail, it's like 70 pages, okay? Subscription agreement, this is what they're going to do. They're going to say, I'm going to buy four shares or two shares or one share of ownership into this apartment building. I'm subscribing, subscription agreement, operating agreement, which is going to basically mimic your offering is going to kind of break down how legal things are handled, who votes, who doesn't vote, the importance. If you've ever done an LLC before, the operating agreement is designed for that. And then the questionnaire is an investor questionnaire that asks them, what's your net income? What's your net worth? What do you do here? What do you do there? So that way you have protection that this investor can actually give you their money and isn't their last 25 grand they have on planet Earth. Very, very important because if push comes to shove, you want to make sure if the SEC comes knocking. That you've followed the procedures and processes so that way you don't go to jail. Yeah, I know. Don't go to jail. So follow things correctly, do the right thing, make sure you're straight up with everybody. And like I said, we will walk you through this process. You're not going to be alone on this once you get here. Okay. So once that happens and you're going to be raising money from people you don't know that well, that's why you have our contact information. You have my direct contact information. We will walk you through that. It's designed to do that to kind of point you the right direction so you don't feel alone in going through it. Otherwise, you have a basic LLC operating agreement and everybody would be in there if you know everybody that's going into the deal. That's pretty much how you raise money. That's how you do it. I mean, there's a marketing side to it and then there's a legal side to it. There's the marketing side and the legal side. So if you have a deal and it's a real deal, you got to go market it to everybody. And then once people kind of raise their hand and say, yes, I want to give you money, you got to have the legal documents and structure and admin on the back end to be able to take that money. And this is how you do it Right Marketing and legal Marketing and legal So and if you have further questions obviously that what we here Shoot us emails and text messages and we will walk you through just like we do when you analyzing and finding deals too That what we here for Anything else? We have a few more minutes here, but I kind of wanted to walk through this and a little bit of a Q&A in this video, but super important because, as you know, in all these stages of buying an apartment building. You got to find them. You got to analyze them. Once you're like, yes, I have a deal. Well, now you got to raise the money. And this is where usually people hyperventilate because they're like, when the thing comes real, they're like, oh my gosh, I'm going to get this deal. How do I raise the money, right? Debt and equity, debt and equity. You got to get the loan from the bank and you got to raise the capital from investors. How do you do it? Oh Oh, my gosh. So don't hyperventilate. We will walk you through this process. But if you have a good deal, if you found it, you've analyzed it, the deal makes sense. The money will find it. Trust me. The banks love to give you money. Banks, they if a deal makes sense, they don't. I mean, you understand how the capital system works, right? I mean, banks don't they're not in business to live off people's deposits. I mean, we all know how the game works, right? I mean, banks are 10 to 1 on your money. The banks love to give you money. They have to give you money. To stay alive, banks have to give you money. That's the entire U.S. capitalistic credit system. They take $1 of your deposits and turn it into $10 of loans. They're not doing this. That bank's out of business. The question is how risky is the bank going to get in doing this? They're going to take your $1 deposit that you give to them and turn it into $10 of loans at 6% interest rates. And they're paying you zero. I guess now maybe a few percentage points. But they're not paying you much on your deposits. There has to be a spread, right? So whatever this is, 6%, 7%, 8%, right? They're taking your money here, paying you 2% to 4% maybe in today's environment. And they're coming over here and making a spread of 2%, 3%, 4%. Okay? But they're 10 times in the money because they can, for every $1 deposits, they can put out $10 of loans. That's the U.S. capitalistic system in a nutshell. So they love to give you money. And if a deal makes sense financially and falls under their parameters, here's your money. Like, here's your money. Like, they will literally take a bag and throw it at you. I'm not kidding. So that's why it actually makes sense and gets easier the bigger you get. Because the banks love to give more money because they make more interest and they get bigger returns. So they'd rather give you $10 million than $1 million. I mean, once I understood this concept, because we had a deal one time where I needed $3 million in equity. So we went to a private equity firm. That's the next stage in the deal where you get your money from. And they said, Justin, we really love the deal. It's a great deal. You're going to do very well with it. But we can't give you $3 million. I said, what do you mean? I said, well, we can give you $10 million. And my jaw almost dropped. I said, let me get this straight. You'll give me $10 million right now, but you won't give me three. And they said, yeah. And I said, why? They said, well, it's a bigger party. There's more skin in the game. There's more. This is what we do. We only have so much money to give out and we want to make sure, you know, economies of scale. So we'll give you 10 million bucks. Go find us a deal, Justin, where we can give you 10 million dollars. And I just about fell out of my chair. But that's when I understood how the game works. And the banks want to give you more money and equity people want to give you more money. If the deal makes sense, they will literally throw the money at you. Almost like you're in a strip club. No, I'm just kidding. That's that was bad. That was bad. But yes, that is how it works. They love to give you money. They just need to know the deal is going to make sense and that you know what you're doing and they will happily pass it across to you. OK, so that answers the question on raising money, the next stage in the process. So what we're going to go through again is closing and managing. When I say closing, that is part of the due diligence process of when you're in escrow, physically inspecting, financially inspecting the property, going through all the stuff you're going to go through while in escrow, what that entails while you're in escrow. You have a deal. You've raised the money. You're raising the money. You've got to close on it properly and know what you're doing to effectively close on the deal. And then, obviously, once you've closed on it, holy cow, I've got to manage the thing correctly now. So, that's it. So we've gone through one, two, and three. Four and five are next. Any questions before we finish up today? I mean, we have a little bit of time, so I'd definitely like to answer some questions. How's everybody doing? Is anybody in fantasy football? Off topic, but. Yeah, a few of you. Good, good. Are you super mad about week one? Anybody mad about Aaron Rodgers? Yeah, that was, they still won, which is amazing, but holy cow, that was pretty devastating. If you're a Jets fan, and I have some Jets fans in there, it's like, what else could go wrong? I mean, that's like the biggest Jets thing ever is your star quarterback that you're banking on to take you to the promised land this year. Goes down like that. It's pretty rough. but are you guys kind of getting a handle on how to you know the process of really raising the money right who you gotta who's it going to come from friends high net worth when i said the private equity group right that didn't want to give me three million they wanted to give me 10 million that's what i meant by that that's the next stage you're going to be playing in this game first and then if you get big enough to start doing bigger deals, you'll be playing in this game first. So that is how that gets done. Because most of your raises in the beginning are going to be right around under a million, right? Let's say a million to 600,000, likely, somewhere in that game of your capital raise. We've gone over the marketing side, private placement stuff on the legal side. So we've gone through that. Yeah, and make sure if you can't find this download, they're in there in that section on all the vendors so that we have the securities attorney. Any last questions before we finish up? This is fun. Raising the capital is very, very important. You've got to put your marketing hat on and then understand there's kind of a legal and admin side. There's two components to it. But the marketing hat's important, no different than your current career. right? If you're a salesperson, a technical salesperson, you're selling stuff, right? You sell homes, you sell products, widgets, whatever it is, you're selling those things, products or services. And then no different than if you're a CEO of a company, or if you're an executive of a company, or maybe you're just a normal employee of a company, you're always selling yourself, right? You're selling yourself or you're selling your company. Here, you're just going to be selling the deal. It's the same thing. If the deal makes sense and you believe in it, it's easy to sell it. I mean, because you're actually talking with some passion, which is fun, especially if you know it's a nice opportunity. It's easy to put your name behind it and put your excitement behind it too. And I'm sure in the beginning, you're going to have the feeling of, I don't know if it's going to go well. I don't know if my number's right. Have I underwritten it right? Have I done this right? Have I really looked at it right? Am I looking at it right? All that stuff's going to go through, totally normal. Trust me, totally normal. But just stick to the pro forma, stick to the numbers, stick to the metrics. And that's all you can go by. And that's all anybody can expect of you as the general partner in the deal. So, okay, guys, if there's no further questions, we'll sign off for the day. But I hope this was helpful. We'll get this downloaded and up in there so you can rewatch this if you choose on raising capital. And we'll go over this again and again and again. But I think this was really helpful. This was something I know that all of you wanted to go through and have an understanding of and just realize there's the marketing aspect of raising capital and then the legal and admin side of raising capital. So beautiful. All right, guys and ladies, thanks for coming on today. And please feel free to reach out to us if you're looking at stuff via email and text on deals. Happy to respond. We're doing it for a lot of folks right now and people are making some really good progress. So and if you feel a little bit stuck right now on, hey, I'm kind of in a rut or I don't know where to go, reach out to me as well. It's like, I'll talk you through it. Let's kind of get some momentum going on your front. I would love to see more of you guys doing and rocking some deals by the end of the year. Because I can tell you right now, opportunities are starting to present themselves. I'm seeing more distressed deals in the marketplace. I'm getting them come across my email. I just got off phone with a broker this morning out of Dallas, Fort Worth. There's deals popping up all over the place right out distressed deals with these syndicators going back to banks, guys. And so the collateral starting, I'm just telling you that right now, it's starting. So we'll see where it falls. We'll see where it falls. Take care. See everybody next week. Bye.