All right, guys, so let's talk about equity. So let's presume for a minute you actually have the debt secured through a lender, and now you're having to raise the capital, whether it's a million dollars, three million, 10 million, 15 million, whatever the number is, you got to raise it. And there's different ways in which you can do that, right? There's capital advisors out there. If you get to a certain size, they'll help raise it for you. There's some other loan brokers, if they're registered with the SEC, they can actually help you raise it for a fee and so forth. But if you're out there raising equity in the very beginning when you're getting started, right? Like on anything, it's friends and family, right? And you'll be dealing with sometimes non-accredited versus accredited investors. And there's a sheet here that you can actually click on and find out the difference between that. But you'll be having a lot of individuals, right? And these could be investing 25 grand, 50 grand, maybe a hundred grand into your deals. And they're individuals, accredited or non-accredited, family and friends that you're raising capital from, right? And that's how you'll typically raise a lot of your capital in your first few deals. Then as you get going, getting into the bigger stuff, you're starting to deal with private equity, which is private equity firms, institutional firms that have access to millions of dollars of capital that if they have a relationship with you, they'll come in, if they like the deal, they'll structure it and play in the equity game, but they can write big checks. Typically a minimum of five million, normally $10 million, so these are much bigger type deals when you're getting into the institutional private equity, preferred equity type positions where you're raising capital from them. But look, and they can strike a quick check, boom, get all your capital, you're done, move on, right? A lot of times you'll kind of do a combo approach where you're doing a little bit of this, you're syndicating the deal, as they call it, with your individuals accredited and non investors retail investors these are all terms that are interchangeable Accredited non retail investors Mom and pop friends and family that all type of stuff is coming from this pool She'll do some of that. And then you'll raise a good chunk maybe through this institutional private equity or preferred equity. And then listen, if you have access to these family offices and then these high net worth individuals, these guys can all write you big fat checks pretty quick if you have the relationships. and that typically takes time and a resume to do that, right? Because these family offices, I mean, these guys, you're talking with families that have hundreds of millions, if not billions of dollars, and they have financial advisor or financial advisors that are helping them based on different asset classes to place money, okay? And invest in people, invest in deals. But nine times out of 10, they're investing in people, organizations. So your resume, your track record is critically important. It takes a lot of time. they're going to underwrite you like you're going out of style. I mean, they'll have so much background information on you. You're going to wonder like, man, they just gave me a telescope in my you know what. So you got to understand that this takes a lot of time to build. But if you're able to build it, great home run to have in your back pocket where they can strike checks for you on any deals moving forward, right? Build that relationship and execute for them. Otherwise, private equity, institutional money, high net worth, I'm sorry, accredited, non-accredited investors, family and friends here. And then you may get your high net worth kind of big pop folks that, hey, this is a high net worth individual. It has millions of dollars. They're going to strike you a million or two million dollar check. High net worth individual, very wealthy, and you have a direct connect with them. OK, so it's not necessarily a family office. It's just a very high net worth individual. It's going to strike a check. But these are the pools in which you're going to get a lot of your money. OK, and in terms of how what they call a capital stack. So we talk about equity capital stack What does that look like Okay when people ask that it going to be structured out where you going to have your loan like we talked about the debt let say 60 65 maybe 70 on your debt and then your equity is going to come here, and that's the remainder. Now, that equity can be structured in a couple different ways depending on your deal. Typically, you're going to have a Class B and a Class A shares, and the Class B is typically the general partner, the sponsor of the deal who's bringing the deal to the table, putting it all together, i.e. us, right? And we're in the class B general partnership shares. And then you have limited partners that are basically protected. They're shielded, right? Liability-wise and all that. So they're the passive investors that are giving the money, right? And they're buying into class A shares. So normally, let's say this was a 70% loan like we did on the last time where you got a $7 million loan, $3 million in equity, right? How does that get split up? So of this 3 million, let's say up here, 90% of it comes from the limited partner LP class A shares, right? So let's say 2.7 million of that 3 million is going to come here, right? And now you're left with another, say, 300K coming from us as the general partner. Now the split on this normally would be you would do say a 70-30. So in terms of the profit splits and cash flow, 70% because they're bringing in a majority of the money, 70% of the deal in cash flow would go to the limit partners, 30% made to the general partners. And that's how your equity would be structured. That's a typical deal. 70% loan, 30% equity. of that 30% equity, you're breaking it down to where 90 of that 30 right 90 of the 3 million that you raising is going to come from the class A shares That 2 million leaving 300 leftover Based on that setup you split the cash flows and the distributions and the profits and everything typically on a 70-30 split. There's different structures. This is just one example, but that's to kind of give you an idea of how the equity is going to work, where it's going to come from and how you're going to structure your deals. And so reach out to us. If you want to get more details on stuff like this and really dive in, right, take the mentorship program. Take the detailed financial course that we have here because that's going to really dive into this stuff. And if you're in our mentorship program and our live coaching that's weekly, you're going to dive in. I mean, you could throw deals at us, and I will literally get on the board like this and structure them for you, and we'll walk through them step by step. It's critically important because if you're at a point where you're trying to grow and how do I structure deals, How do you set things up and so forth? I mean, myself and our partners, we can walk through every single scenario and give you the best structure in place based on your specific situation. So that's where the value is going to come in in that mentorship program is you're kind of getting to that stage and you're ready to grow, you know, because there's very complicated structures that can come into it based upon the type of deal that you're doing. So very, very, very important. So this is how the equity is going to stack up, where you get it and all that stuff. right there. There we go. And where you're going to find it and how you're going to raise it. So there's pitch decks and all kinds of marketing stuff that's going to go out to try and capture your retail guys and your private equity, preferred equity, institutional guys, obviously family offices and high net worth individuals. But in the beginning, a majority that's coming here, your next deals are going to be a combo approach between these two. Then you start to make some relationships in these stages to kind of grow your business. So hope this makes sense. Take care. Talk to you soon.