All right, here we go. And the questions you should, these are preliminary questions you should be asking when you're touring a property, talking with brokers, talking about brokers in the markets that you're interested in, okay, the types of questions you should ask so that way they get a good feel for you, number one, and you get a good feel for them in the marketplace, especially if it's a market you're just starting to do reconnaissance on, starting to do due diligence on to make sure that it's a market, hey, I know where things are trending so I know how to properly underwrite from a financial standpoint a deal, okay, so let's get into it. Real quick, employers, you want to know, and this will be on the broker's OM, which is the broker's operating memorandum, right? And that's basically their marketing pitch deck that a broker puts out to the marketplace that has details on the entire property. And usually within that, you're going to get info as to demographics, employers, economics, drivers, up, down, left, right, big economy, market type stuff, details on each of the unit types, pre and post rental rents, on and on and on. Lots of details that go into those OMS and you use those to then put into your marketing materials as well when you're pitching it to investors. But employers, jobs, jobs, jobs. Guys, without jobs, people can't pay rent. There's nowhere to go. The growth doesn't happen. It's jobs, jobs, jobs, number one, obviously population growth, but the jobs are the drivers. Companies are the drivers that bring in the population and help the jobs move. So the jobs, jobs, jobs. It's always about the jobs. Who are the main employers? How diversified is it? Where are they coming from? Kind of that general pay. What's the median household income, right? What's the median kind of income levels All of that stuff Median house prices as well So all that stuff But employers who are the main employers who are driving the population and driving the tenant base right into the marketplace Cap rates, right? There's different types of cap rates. You have going in cap rates, meaning what are things trading at right now, where I'm going to acquire it at, right, generally speaking. But more importantly, you know, where are you seeing kind of renovated properties, presuming you're doing, say, a value add type deal. where is that thing kind of trading that's renovated? So that way you can take a property that's in bad condition, renovate it, value add it, and where is it like selling in a value add perspective? So you know, what is my quote unquote terminal cap rate or exit cap rate? So when I end to write my deal, I know generally speaking where things should be trending at down the line for valuation, right? So cap rates are really important to understand because that's how a lot of the banks are evaluating things, investors evaluate things, brokers and everybody evaluate based on a cap rate. And we'll get into that in some of these terminologies. It's in the financial course as well. If you want to understand some of this stuff, we'll get into detail on it. But cap rates, capitalization rates. Price per unit. What is it trading at currently, right, in its unrenovated stage, as is? What do you think things trade on a per door renovated process? And then the types of properties, because you have A class, B class, C class, and of course, D and lower. I wouldn't recommend any of those. but A, B, and C class type buildings will all have different types, price per units, different cap rates, all of that stuff in general. So you want to kind of say, hey, where's a property like this trading at renovated on a price per unit right now? Where are you seeing that Is it 110 a door 80 a door 150 a door 200 300 400 a door depending on your market Very very important to understand that Cap rates where are things trending out for this type of property as is right now? Right, where are you seeing it, once it's fully renovated, where are you seeing that trend out right now? So, because the brokers have a feel of the market, typically, the good ones do. And then of course the employers. Development, where's the path of progress? What is the city planning? Where are areas of the county, right, in the city that you're in, where are they planning to redevelop? Because that's going to help drive, right? Then you have employers kind of following that a little bit too. But where's the development at? Your brokers are going to have that boots on the ground info to kind of ask questions to as to the development side. Whisper price. So if you're touring a deal and you're looking at it, maybe it comes across your email inbox or you're looking at it in general, you just want to say, I want to do a quick underwriting on this. Typically, they're not going to give you the price, meaning these operating memorandums, OMs that come across, they just have to market. Offers due on or before X date. Then everybody reviews everything. He's just 30 days out. Then you do your tours, your due diligence, your underwriting, everything in advance. That way, when you submit your letter of intent, your LOI, you're ready to go. Then you can do that by getting a whisper price. What that means is you're asking the broker, hey, what is the seller hoping to get? It's not a published amount. What are you hoping to get? is basically what the whisper price is. And in the recent markets, typically they're always trending over that whisper price nine times out of 10. But as markets change, of course that changes with it. But what is the seller hoping to get It no different than a list price on a single family residential property right But that published Whereas in commercial they not usually going to publish it too often rarely A lot of times it hey here the property to market your best and final due on X date submit all your offers and LOIs and blah, blah, blah, and we'll go through one, two, or three rounds of offers and information. So you can get a whisper price to help with your underwriting, your financials up front, along with some of these other info pieces to start plugging away in the financial side when you're doing your analysis. Terms. Is there anything specific the seller's looking for? Meaning a deposit amount, an amount that needs to be hard from day one, closing period, due diligence period, some different terms that are important to the seller in terms of what they're looking for, or more importantly, not what the seller's looking for, what is the other people offering at? Because what's cool about commercial is that a lot of the brokers will kind of share with you info where sometimes in residential real estate, they don't really give you that too much, but in commercial, they'll kind of set it up saying, hey, look, we're trending kind of here and here. These are the kind of amounts we're seeing as deposits and hard money. Here's kind of some of the terms, and then we're kind of seeing this thing trend at, right? Now, keep in mind, they're marketing. They're doing what they're doing. Your job is obviously do what you need to do to get the lowest price and the best deal, but they're going to give you some information. If you have a relationship built with that broker, typically you're going to get a good feel for where that market's at and where the property's trending, especially in a competitive environment where there's multiple offers. You definitely want to have that relationship in place. It's very, very, very critical. So these are some of the questions. There's a ton of them, but these are the key ones you kind of want to look for and ask about when you're touring properties, talking with brokers on the phone, looking at opportunities and deals. This will help kind of guide you a little bit in the marketplace. So hope this makes sense. Take care. Talk to you soon.