All right, how you doing? In the next module, how you select markets. Let's presume for a minute you're in California like we were, or maybe you're in New York or some other kind of tougher states that are very high priced and you're younger in the business, you're trying to grow and scale. It's tough to do it in some of these markets that are more coastal based. You have to go into certain other states, maybe into the interior of the United States to find deals and opportunities on a price per door that are going to make sense for you. You can get unit count and volume at a dollar sense that makes sense for you. So how do you identify those markets? And then more importantly, how do you go into it? So in this next kind of module and lesson setup, we're gonna go through how you're identifying the markets, how you're identifying properties, and then of course, how do you do stuff out of state? It's a big step when you're going out of your backyard where you can't just get up and drive to it every single day. How do you do these things? If you're looking to scale and grow a multifamily business, how do you identify the markets, the properties, and of course deal with that out-of-state management logistics and operations. So let's go. Okay, so when we got started, how did we select our markets? What were we looking for? How did we identify places to go out of state? Because obviously, we're initially headquartered here in San Diego, California, right? Very expensive state, very difficult. We started there, right? And bought kind of condos, single family homes, little two to four unit properties as we got going, but as we wanted to scale and grow, for us to go buy a 50 unit in San Diego at four, five, $600,000 a door makes no sense. Our capital is not going to go very far. Great kind of Southern California market. It's just, it's more wealth preservation than it is kind of growth in strategy and scale. So for us, we had to go out of state, right? So now you got the United States of America Okay what do you do How do you identify markets How are you figuring out where to be where not to be and so forth right So for us you start getting online There's plenty of websites. If you go down here below, you're going to see some links, right, to a handful of data sites that you can go and do research. Demographics, you know, you can go into forecasting, lending, finance, where dollars and cents are going, where are people moving, all that stuff. You could also get some great reports from some of these guys like Marcus Amilichap, CBRE, Burcadia. They all put out their annual reports as to certain markets. And they'll kind of tell you. And I would say this. Here's how you find the markets. Follow the money. Follow the money. All the main lenders that are going to provide capital for your multifamily, they're spending gobs of money in data analysis and research to locate the top MSAs, metropolitan statistical areas, where they're going to basically lend money to. And you can see them right here. I mean, this Marcus and Millichap report is telling you every single one of these markets, there's about 45 of them here. There's really 75 to 100 because they're sub markets, right? But these are the main markets in the United States that a lot of these lenders and money are flowing to. There's a reason for that, right? There's a reason for that. Typically, it's mainly due to two things, population and this beautiful thing called jobs. Population and this thing called jobs. So population growth, you ideally want to see north of 1 growth on the population and north of 2 growth on your jobs So on an annual basis you want to see a marketplace that producing 2 more job growth right and 1 more in the population growth And that kind of a 10,000 foot level. And then you start diving into other metrics, demographics, and other things that are kind of dynamic, right, economies, who are the main employers, things like that that are going to help drive a certain market both now and into the future. But you're going to start with this, right? And these main areas, these statistical areas are going to do it, right? So this is kind of where we started. And so for us, I wasn't even thinking of Kansas City, Missouri, but that was the first market we went into. I was like, Kansas City? Yeah, I was introduced to that when I went to a syndication conference, right? So how I started going out of state is once we had kind of figured out, hey, we need to go. Now you're dealing with the logistics, right? How do you do it? Well, I went to this beautiful place up here in Boston, Massachusetts, went to a syndication conference, Dave Lindell, met about 5,000 of the brokers, investors, deal people, lenders, legal. I mean, everybody you can imagine was there and got to meet a lot of people. And I met a nice broker out of Kansas City, Missouri. And he said, hey, you need to come check it out. And then I had another friend that was looking into that market too. And I said, okay, we're going to go take a look. We flew out in January, cold, and went in there. And I was like, wow. I mean, it really surprised me. And we didn't know. This was in 2018. And then a year later, we started buying properties, because we go into markets six to eight months in advance, start doing our groundwork and our details, our research, logistics, operations, setting up all the team, everything you've got to do in that market, to then be able to strike. We did that six to eight months in advance before we ever started looking at deals and actually being able to pull the trigger on them. But Kansas City Missouri right there smack middle of the United States Logistically why did that work Direct flights or I can come here to Dallas and then up right Pretty quick two and a half hour flight I on the ground there pretty quick to the middle part of the United States, right? Middle part of the United States, I can do that. And you're only dealing with kind of that central time zone versus East Coast time zone and all that other stuff. So there was some thought that went into that, okay? Thought that went into it, but that was the main reason. So we started looking, right, when we started saying, okay, geographically we know, but where are the markets in there, right? And you got, you know, Kansas City's now listed here, right? And then the other one is obviously down in Texas. You got San Diego, San Antonio down here, but all within the top, top 50. And that's a key component because of jobs, population growth, jobs, population growth. And then we dive into other details on that as well. So the main part of it when you're looking at these markets and you know this Marcus and Millichap reports going to go through it because they're going to go through by rent growth right there's other things dynamics you can go through recovery from COVID blah blah blah great reports to get you can look online for them go to the main websites whether it's Marcus and Millichap CBRE Bercadia and there's other website links down below here you can get into and it's going to help you identify the marketplaces the general markets you can start saying okay now I know the general maybe state Now let's look at the cities. Let's dive into the suburbs and get into some details, get the boots on the ground, start learning the areas. Okay. So that's the key component of how you start that process. Right. So that is the markets. Now, in this next lesson, we're going to dive into how do you identify the properties? Right. So now we've got the markets identified. How do I identify the properties? Because that's kind of the next stage once you're into those marketplaces. now, okay, what property is something I'm going to be looking for that I know long-term, short-term is going to make sense. So we're going to get into that next lesson. Let's go.