How you doing? Justin Brennan here. So let's talk about real quick why apartments are so important for building wealth and making sure you're preserving capital, right, as well as growing passive income long term. So there's really four components to why apartments are so important for the investor and why most millionaires out there in the world make most their money through owning rental income property. So number one, obviously, is the cash flow that's generated from a passive income multifamily rental income property, right? You're going to get the cash flow. We call it the mailbox money, right? Profits that come out of it from a sale or a refinance event, right? So a capital event being from a sale, profits from that sale, or a refinance event, which are tax-free, you can get that if you're refinancing a property, right, and pulling cash out. Number three is the tax shelter. There's this amazing thing called cost segregation, and it's through the tax code and the IRS that allows you to accelerate the depreciation of commercial assets. So rather than say it's 27 and a half years, you're gonna accelerate that depreciation maybe over the first five years. And be able to take lump sums and accelerate that much faster than you would normally. So that gives investors a huge benefit. To give you an example, let's say somebody invested Typically what we seeing in our deals right now is that investor year one would get a negative K statement back to them for about 86 to 87 maybe year one Year two, a little bit more, year three, year four, year five. By the end of the day, they're at about a 1.2, 1.3 on their money as a negative depreciation they can write off against capital gains or even ordinary income depending on who they are as if they're a real estate professional or not. Tax shelter is huge, right, to be able to avoid, or I should say, postpone the taxes that you're going to pay to Uncle Sam. Lastly is an inflation bet. Look, money sitting in a bank account as inflation is going up even in times like these and times like others, you having your money sitting in a bank at 0.22%, whatever it is, when inflation is rising in a certain percentage, it's a great offset because rents are typically increasing. Even if they're balancing out, the property is typically appreciating as you're going through that. Historically, guys, multifamily rental income property and real estate in general will always go through the test of time and going through inflationary and even bad market scenarios. If you can hold any piece of real estate, typically for a 10 year window, going through a cycle or not, at the end of that, you're gonna win, nine times out of 10. So, great for inflationary. This is why multifamily and apartments are so critical. So I hope this makes sense. Go on to the next lesson.