All right, here we go. So in the next module, we're going to be talking about the four quadrants of multifamily real estate and why it's important. And if you just use these as kind of your base boilerplate, it's going to help you understand the deal, whether it's a good one, the things to look for, the different metrics, which we've talked to in some of the financial stuff. But I'm going to show you the relationship between them. Grant Cardone talks about this quite a bit, but it's the four quadrants of multifamily real estate. Let's go. Okay, so kind of looking at this, you're really going to have your four main ones. You've got price. You have equity, which is the down payment. your net operating income, NOI, and cash on cash, COC, and how they all interact. And keep in mind, one can't move without the other, right? You can't have price going up, right? You can't have, for example, you can't have price going up and equity stay the same. If the price goes up, right, then you're typically going to get a certain amount of debt on the property from a loan. Well, then your equity, your down payment's going to change. So typically, the equity requirement's going to change as well. Now, your NOI will stay pretty static because NOI is based on gross revenues, less vacancies, less expenses, gets you a net operating income. But it will be affected because at the end of the day as price goes up and things change some of these other things are going to change too And your cash on cash number is going to change because that takes out kind of debt service right So you can have the price go up equity go up and the cash on cash typically stay the same because that going to change as equity changes too. So a lot of these relationships of how these things are moving around, but it's the four quadrants of multifamily. For example, let's say that let's say originally you're going to buy this for a million bucks, right? And because of that, you're going to come in with 300K, right? Of equity and get a $700,000 loan. And based on that, your cash on cash, if you ran all your numbers, was going to be around, let's call it 7%, right? Based on the equity and the amount of cash in the deal, Based on the price and the returns that were there, your cash on cash based on this equity in the deal was about 7% cash on cash on that 300 grand. Now for a minute, let's say the price changes and goes up to 1.2 million. And now this number, because you're only gonna get so much debt from the bank, this number goes up to I don know 380 hypothetically 380K Well if everything else is staying consistent in terms of the revenue of the property the expenses of the property and all of that is pretty much non-changed, because that is what it is, then this cash-on-cash number is now going to go down. Probably, it's called 6%. So as price goes up, equity goes up, the actual cash-on-cash return on that equity is now going to go down. Do you see how that relationship works? The NOI and stuff is typically going to change when you have expenses increasing, revenue decreasing, or one or the other, a combination of the two, your net operating income is going to change as well, which then at the end of the day affects your price. Because if the net operating income is, I don't know, let's say, for example, let's say, let's just run this for Matt. She can kind of see how this relationship works. Let's say for a minute that the going cap rate for the market that you researched along with your broker and the broker gives you some details, the going cap rates for sale products within the market is say 5%. Okay, so NOI, or net operating income, let say is I don know 200 grand just for example Right so you gonna take that 200 divided by that just so you have this math in here, right? And so we know that that's gonna be about a $4 million valuation. Obviously it's different than these here, but just to give you perspective for a minute. Now, let's say that the NOI goes down. Let's say it goes down to 150. Cap rates in the market are staying similar with now $150,000 in net operating income. So now you're going to take the $150,000. Now the new value of the property is $3 million. So you can see how as the NOI goes down, so goes the price of the property and so forth. And it's based on some cap rates and stuff too, but you can kind of see these relationships. And as price goes down, typically the equity requirement is going to go down. If the equity requirement goes down, typically now your cash on cash goes up. And you can kind of see how these four quadrants all interact with one another. But now we're going to jump to the next lesson to kind of see, based on these, is it a good deal or not, right? And kind of be able to determine pretty quickly whether or not it's a good deal. So let's jump to the next lesson.