All right, guys, the next lesson and the one everybody wants to talk about all the time, and that is the money. The money. Right. So a few things. First of all, we started with our own money. So Christopher Polly was the main capital source in the beginning. Like I said, he brought in the down payment. He could sign on the loans. And then we started going to a few others. And then we kind of started running out of our own money. And when that starts to happen, where do you go and where do you get money from? But we started with our own. And if you don't have any of your own, that's okay, but then you just need to make sure you partner with somebody who does, which is what I did at the time when I started, I didn't have the capital, I was going through financial chaos and the financial crisis, and then our family and everything. But I had all the logistics and operations and I just knew we had to buy properties. And I'm thankful we did. But Chris had access to the capital, he had the ability to sign the loan, so that was our partnership and I brought in everything else. So where do you get the money? Let's presume for a moment that you're running the exact same path we did and that is for the first few properties, you partner with one person and they bring in the capital so you have that money for the first few properties. Okay, and then you get to a point where, hey, we need to bring in investor capital. So now you're at that point, you need investor capital. Where do you go? What do you do? How do you find it? So understand this. There are a few areas and few types of investors out there and where you find the money. In the beginning, nine times out of 10, when you're starting small, you're gonna start with friends and family. Right, friends and family. This is gonna be people that you know directly, have a close relationship with, friends and family that have the ability, that trust in what you're doing, you kind of pitch to them your plan, it's attached to real estate, blah, blah, blah, and they believe in you and they're gonna invest. Whether that's 25 grand, 50 grand, 100 grand, friends and family, that's step one, nine times out of 10 where you're going to get the money and raise capital initially. okay, friends and family. So, kind of self-explanatory. Number two, accredited investors, high net worth, right, high net worth individuals, okay. Accredited investors, high net worth individuals. And we have some links in here on what an accredited investor is, but you have to have a certain income, either individually or joint with a spouse, or a certain level of high net worth, or there's some other criteria that blend you into what the SEC would consider, right, and others would consider an accredited investor, okay. That's where you're gonna kinda go for your next step where you're getting into bigger money beyond the friends and family is your accredited high net worth individuals, right? Or small groups. Number three, family offices. If you've never heard about this, YouTube it. There actually a great group that helps run this A gentleman on YouTube I forget his name that runs a whole family office kind of YouTube channel that explains how family offices work Essentially it makes sense You have a fund manager right and a financial advisor, could be whoever it is, that's running a family's business and their money and where it's going. And when I'm talking about money, I'm talking about hundreds of millions of dollars, right, or billions in some cases, where you have a very, very, very wealthy family that has a full-time office set up run by a financial advisor or advisors that then places their money for them, right? And that gets distributed into certain asset classes, whether that be stocks, equities, bonds, whatever it is, real estate, gold, commodities, whatever it is, they're basically the managers of the money and you're pitching your businesses to them. Now, this type of investor, it takes a long time to build this relationship because they're very sophisticated. They have a certain criteria on what they're looking for, conservative levels, types of assets and projects and things they invest in. So it's gonna take time to build this relationship. And you gotta be careful as to how you do it, when you do it, and who you speak to. But take some time to get to know it. You can look online about it, YouTube it, Google it, family offices, right? Great source of money when you have the connections and the time's right and the relationship is there. So family offices. The other source is private equity firms. Institutional money, and I kind of clumped them together in a way, but private equity firms are out there. These are other firms that are private equity. They go out, they already have the relationships that maybe you don't have. And you're talking big money. You're talking a million, two, five million dollars you're trying to raise. So this is when you're getting into the bigger level stuff. They already have that relationship made up. Maybe it's with some of these institutional firms. So they kind of blend together. but the private equity guys, and they're gonna charge a fee for their service. They're gonna get a certain percentage of the deal. Sometimes it's the equity or preferred return. They're gonna charge maybe some points up front, stuff like that, but they're gonna raise the money for you. They're gonna bring it in. They're gonna get a piece of the equity. They're gonna get a preferred return on top of that, and that's how they're gonna kind of source the deal, and they'll go out, and they already have the relationships built. So when you're going after that, there's benefits and drawbacks to using private equity. If you can't raise it through these methods on your own, you can go to these guys and they got it locked up and they'll pull the trigger on it and can find it for you if they like your project, what you're doing, how you're doing it, and how you run your business. So the private equity and the institutional money, because institutional is kind of like your large, either hedge funds or your life insurance companies or your unions or these massive, massive, massive organizations that have hundreds and hundreds of millions, if not billions of dollars that they will place And sometimes they go through private equity firms to do it or they place it on their own It just depends on where your relationship is at with these guys and how you get the money right There's a handful of private equity firms out there. You know, I've listed a few here in, but that's kind of when you're getting into the, I call, excuse my language, the FU type money. We're getting into the bigger deals, right? The institutional, private equity, big time stuff. This is where you're gonna go for that. Family offices, same kind of thing. You're dealing with lots of money, bigger deals at that point. But in the beginning, nine times out of 10, you're going to deal in rounds one or two. Family and friends, high net worth individuals. Families and friends, high net worth individuals. And that should be your target. And that's who you're going to be mostly in having your CRM system and your database as you're growing and starting small and growing through. So I hope that makes sense. And so when you're doing these things and getting to these investors, that's why I talked about the operations and stuff in the previous lesson. because part of those operations is the CRM, the websites, a little bit of the marketing. And then you're going to have to pitch the projects through a pitch deck. And you're going to hear that a lot as you get into multifamily. So pitch deck, which means, hey, here's your project. Here's the multifamily 200 unit or 50 unit or 10 unit project. We're going to pitch it. What does it look like? Where's it at? Where's it located? How's the revenue? How's the expenses? What's your business plan? What are you going to do? Here's the pitch deck. And that gets presented over along with all the financials and the projected returns. And all this stuff goes into the pitch deck So when you're presenting to these folks, you have it all ready to go. And then they can look you up and they can Google you and YouTube you and go through that and get comfortable because they always say, you're not only investing in the project. I mean, that's there. It kind of speaks for itself. It's more about the people, right? People are going to choose you. Do they like you and do they trust you? Can I give you my money and trust that I'm going to get it back? Can I give you my money and hope that it doesn't turn into an American greed show, right? And you're going to steal it all and run some crazy Ponzi scheme on me, right? People want to entrust their money with people, makes sense, and they want to return on that money. And they just want to trust that relationship and trust that if I'm giving you, you know what the hell you're doing. You know how to run your operations. You have all the logistics and everything in place. You're not going to screw things over and you're going to give me my money back within a general time frame that you said you would with a return on top of that. And it's that simple. At the end of the day, people want to invest in other people and they want their money back and they want to return on it. And they want you to do what you say you're going to do. And more importantly, if there are issues, and they always come up, that you're transparent and open about those. You're transparent and open about them. Because issues happen. Problems happen. Projects don't go as planned. That's okay. Just don't lie to people. Be straight up. Be open and honest with them. Walk through it. Be transparent in your communication. Tell them how you're trying to fix it and walk through it. And don back yourself into a corner and get in trouble Just be straightforward and say here the problem Here what we trying to do here our options this is how we going to try and fix it let me keep you abreast of what going on period Be straight up with people right What people don't like is deception and when you're non-communicative to them and you're not transparent. That's the critical component, okay? So this is where the money's found, one, two, three, four, these are the areas you find it. You're going to start friends and family, then you're going to walk into accredited high net worth individuals. Now, some of your friends and family could also to be accredited. So this is a type of investor, and you can get in the links on that. The bigger money is found in family offices, private equity, institutional money, and that's when you're getting into 100 unit, 50 unit type complexes and stuff like that, and you're getting into the big time money, as I call it. You're gonna start dealing with number three or four, but you're gonna deal with one or two, especially, I mean, we're now, put it in perspective, we're at 100 plus units, we're going to 1,000 plus units. Now we're starting to deal in this space, whereas up until now, we've been dealing here. Okay, and even when you get into the bigger stuff, you're gonna have a handful of these folks still within your investor pool, and then you may start pulling in some of these guys for the bigger pops, where hey, we'll give you a million dollars here, or we'll give you two million dollars, whereas these folks are maybe 50 grand or 100 grand at a pop, okay? Just kind of put it in perspective. So I hope that helps. Click some links, get the notes here in, reach out to me personally if you have any questions on how this money system works, but this is really where you're gonna find a lot of your equity going into it. And then on the lending side, real quick, before I finish on this lesson, the lending side, because you're going to need debt on a lot of these deals, the lending, especially when you're doing it locally, when you get over five units, I'm sorry, when you get over four units and get into your five plus unit complexes, you're dealing with commercial loans, okay? One to four units, it's residential real estate loans, right? Where they're going to underwrite you as the borrower more than the property itself. It's a residential loan, mortgage. Okay, one to four units. Now, when you get into five plus units, you're dealing in the commercial space, right? Where they're gonna look at the property and the cash flow of the property to substantiate the loan more than you as the borrower. They're still gonna look at you as the borrower, but not as much. Especially when you get into 25, 50, 100 plus units, the property itself is going to generate enough cash flow, right, to then cover the loans and the mortgages, the debt service, all that stuff, and substantiate the loan to the lending institution. And there's different types of lenders. We can get into that in other videos and lessons. That's not really part of the crash course, but that's part of the money side, but there's different types of lenders when you get into those bigger deals. And you just need to understand that for the purposes of this, you're gonna probably be dealing with your traditional residential mortgage people, okay? And your traditional mortgages that you would see, they're gonna underwrite you as a borrower. So that's why having the capital and the ability to sign on the loan is critically important in the beginning. So I hope that helps. Any questions, click herein. Let's move on to the next lesson.