All right guys, here we go in the next module, financing. Financing, financing, financing. So this is one of the most critical components because people tend to get kind of held up with this part of the process in getting the debt, the loan, as well as the equity, the down payment, to finance one of these larger deals. Much easier in the beginning, to give you an example, when we bought our first condo, it was a $100,000 condo, we came up with $25,000 and got a $75,000 loan. $100,000 condo, much easier. Traditional financing from normal Wells Fargo, normal residential deal. Then we got into two to four unit space still, residential type financing. Now you get into five plus units, 10 plus, 20 plus, 50, 100 plus, 200 unit plus deals. You're getting into commercial financing. Now the key component to this and where a lot of people get stuck is they think, oh gosh, they're going to underwrite me, like individually, my credit, my this, my that, right? That not typically how it works in the commercial space What they doing is underwriting the property first then they looking at you second And the only thing they ultimately looking at from your perspective is hey look do they have a net worth equal to or greater than the amount of the loan? Do they have a liquidity amount of a certain small percentage, typically one to two percent of the loan amount? And if you don't have it, trust me, you can get a key principal, a KP that may sign or help sign on the loans alongside you. And that'll allow you to get this because they're not underwriting you. They're underwriting the property. And then they just want to ensure that at least from your perspective or a key principle that you have a net worth at or greater than the loan amount and a liquidity amount of 1% or 2% of the loan amount. And that's typical on kind of the financing, the debt side. And we're going to get into the other lesson. It's going to talk about areas to find, the types of financing, the types of debt. But the fundamentals of it, right, is you're pretty much gonna have your debt and then you're gonna have the equity, right? And based upon the type of debt normally there the different types where you have bridge debt which is hey we gonna go value out of property right It gonna include a component of acquisition meaning it a 30 million or million property for example, we're going to get a $7 million acquisition loan, and then another million or a million and a half in renovation dollars. So with that, you're gonna use, say, a bridge debt type financing, where for the first 24 months or maybe 36 months, that loan's gonna be in place to help you renovate the property, acquire and renovate, and then you're gonna refinance out of it into a more fixed rate type debt with a Freddie or Fannie type loan. And we'll get into kind of the, where do you find the debt and where does it come from? And the types of debt, the types of financing and stuff. But you have debt and you're gonna have equity. And typically the ratios of this are gonna be 70-30, right? Or 65-35, right? Or in some cases even a 60-40 in terms of percentages, right? just so you kind of understand that on the ratios for financing deals. But don allow the deal size or anything to stop you I mean I would always recommend you kind of graduate into things Certain people say no no go big go home go fast go furious Well yeah but at the same time you may not even get the financing, number one. You may not even get the equity because people are gonna be like, where's your resume? Right, because the banks are gonna look at your track record. Right, and they want key principles and key people in there alongside you that have actually executed on this type of stuff. So graduating into it kind of like we did is, in my opinion, the best method so that if you do make mistakes, and you will, those mistakes are smaller zeros versus getting into much larger deals where you make a mistake on a big deal, party's over. You're one and done. So you have to be very careful and very tactful with it. I mean, the concept in theory is yes, go big, go home. I got it. But you want to make sure you can execute before you jump in there. And so graduating into those deal sizes is how you do that. So this is kind of how you understand the fundamentals of the financing, the debt and the equity and how it goes into totaling up the total price, because you're going to have different types of loan. You have bridge debt, right? You have fixed rate debt and all that stuff that's going to go into it depending on the type of deal you're doing. And we'll get into that in the next lesson. So let's go.