All right, here we go. So into the due diligence module and a few lessons in here. So let's presume you got a deal executed and now you're into escrow. Well, you have to go through this due diligence process in order to close and make sure you're buying something that isn't gonna be a money pit for yourself. And there's financial, there's physical, and market due diligence that you're gonna conduct typically in a 20 to 30 day window before everything's kinda hard and thumbs up and we're gonna take this thing to the closing table. So I wanna go through the different lessons here that are gonna walk through the financial, the physical and the marketing. And then I have checklists that you can download here in as well that's gonna help you out as well to make it real easy. Questions to ask the seller, the different types of reports and financial reports that you need to see, right? The physical due diligence checklist that you need to go through. And all of that, as well as the market, understanding that side of it. So there's a checklist for it you can download right here here in. That's gonna make your life a whole lot easier versus having to kind of figure this stuff out for yourself. So that's the whole point of this course. So let's jump into the due diligence. foremost, we're going to go through the financial side of it first and the different things you need to kind of be looking at as you're going through doing the financial side of the due diligence. Okay. The first is certain types of reporting, right? This thing called a rent roll. And all that is, is basically a list of every single tenant in the property, the type of unit, square footage, market rents, rents they're currently paying, any kind of vacancies, other charges and stuff that are in there. You know, it's also going to show and kind of move move out and lease ending periods. So a rent roll that you need to kind of go through to check out the different types of units and what people are paying and then you can match that up to the actual leases right The actual leases And you going to ask for every single lease And you going to go through every single lease and do what's called a lease audit and match that up. Say, okay, who's in the property? The names, does it match up with the rent roll? So that way, from a legal perspective, you have occupancy in there. You know how much they're paying, their charges, other things in there. So that way, sometimes the leases don't match up with what they're showing on rent roll or what they're telling you. And you need to check that stuff before you take that on because then it's buyer beware, right? It's not like residential real estate where you have recourse going back. I mean, this is your time to do it. You need to know what you're doing so you don't get yourself into a money pit and then find out later you have a bunch of tenants that you shouldn't have or occupants you shouldn't have, et cetera, et cetera, okay? So rent roll is one of them. This thing called a T12, right? They call it a T12. All it is is a profit and loss statement, right? Obviously showing on an annual basis is month by month by month, right? Going through 12 months. So hence the T12 for time to get you a total, right? And you're going through the different kind of gross rents, any concessions, you know, loss to lease, vacancies, other income and stuff that's in here as well. And then you're going through all your operating expenses. Whoops. Let's get that there. There you go. All your operating expenses. It's going to break that and then you're gonna kind of check up your net operating income and matching that up, okay? And making sure that what they're telling you is accurate and getting that backed up through bank statements through tax returns and other things as well that you going to go through in the financial due diligence So kind of looking at this a T12 which we talked about, three months of utility bills, typically 12 months of them, but three months of all the utility bills, copies of all the contracts and vendors that are on the property doing contract services. Maybe there's a pool, there's a landscaper, et cetera, et cetera, right? Pest treatment, all that, right? Trash, on and on. Copies of all the leases, verification of the units, loss to lease, bad debts, non-paying tenants, and aged receivables report. So you'd say, hey, send me the aged receivables reports so you can see kind of what's delinquent, any outstanding evictions that are going on currently. You want to see the unit availability report that's going to kind of show what's available now, what's given notice for maybe the next couple of months to move out, right? All of that stuff, a unit availability report. So, verification of the capex expenditures and repair expenses. So, you can get verification of this. They're going to show you, hey, what have you spent on the property on a capex basis in repairs? You want to show that. There's a report for that that they're going to get from the property management company that'll break that out. That's separate, right, from your actual operating expenses, okay? Verification of the rubs, which is reimbursables, right? If they're getting reimbursements for utilities, they need to be able to show that and verify that so you can match it up with showing it up in here and the other income and reimbursables, right? And all that stuff that kind of goes in here. So you need to be able to match that up and verify that Handful of seller questions that gonna be on this thing you can download as well but that kind of the financial side of it from all the reporting T12 rent rules utility bills contracts and vendors all the leases down units loss to lease, bad debts, any non-paying tenant, that's the age receivables report, verification of deposits and rents, other income, bank accounts, all that, bank statements, verification of rubs, which is the reimbursables, it's all on here, cap expenditures, repairs expenses, and kind of differing those out, right? What's deferred maintenance versus what's an improvement? You need to decide that. Very, very, very important when you're going through the property to decide, hey, we're going to improve it. Great. What's deferred maintenance that we have to repair that we're really not going to get value for? Let's say an HVAC, right? A condenser is blown out or some other deferred maintenance on a roof or windows or drainage or plumbing, electrical. Any deferred maintenance on the property that you have to fix that isn't really going to give you rent bumps right? It's not in your improvement plan, but you're going to have to take, that number is different from your improvement number. And you have to segregate those two. Very, very, very important when you're going through it because you have to capitalize that up front. Like what am I going to have to pay for this deferred maintenance? Maybe you get a credit from the seller for that, right? When you're going through the physical side, that's next. So all of that work orders, maybe a list of all the work orders for the property for repairs the last 24 months. I want to see a list of those, what are current outstanding ones, how fast are they repairing those, all of that stuff is very, very, very important. So that's kind of the financial side of it. Now we're going to jump into the physical due diligence.