Hey, Aurea, Justin Brennan here. I just want to showcase for you step-by-step on how you're going to be locating the brokers, making contacts, to then build a little bit of a rapport with two to four brokers in a marketplace you've chosen to start getting access to the off-market deals. Because we talk about these courses using on-market to leverage to get to the off-market. I'm going to keep this to five minutes or less, so let's get going. So let's presume for a minute you selected Virginia. This is your market. You're going in. Boom, boom, boom. You're going to come in here and locate a couple brokers. And, you know, ideally the more mom and pop folks, but you can start with someone. So let's maybe start with this deal here, right? And I already have it teed up. So in this case, I'd click on this thing. And I'm going to try and get three to four brokers in that general market that I can make contact with and start building rapport. I'm building my little broker network. And I'd be reaching out to someone like Jason. Keep in mind, these are smaller complexes. So they will actually talk to you, and you'll probably get access to Jason, not some lower-level assistant. That's key, which is why we stick with the lower 8, 10, 20, 30-unit deals and under for your first ones. So that way you can build this process. So reach out to Jason. Hey, Jason, this is Justin just calling on your River Crossing apartment complex. Very interested in it. I'm starting to underwrite it. When are you guys doing tours? Okay, you're going to be doing tours on Wednesday. Maybe it's a small group tour. Maybe it's a one-on-one. Either way, they're probably not going to ask a ton of questions. because they're not really expecting you to be highly sophisticated because these are smaller kind of mom and pop deals. They're smaller brokers. They're not high level yet, which is why we're doing this. So now you're going to do a tour of this property. Get a chance to meet the broker. Exchange your business card with your face, belly to belly, and get some one-on-one time or even in a small group setting. Build the rapport Then the follow call Jason just want to follow up on this deal I underwritten it Kind of you seeing 2 on the asking price You know we probably pretty far off We're way down at like 2.1, 2.2, maybe 2.3 million. Wow. Oh, gosh. I know. Oh, my gosh. You're like, you can't do that. No crap. That's why it's on this website because it's overpriced. But you don't tell them that. In any event, you say, listen, I totally understand that. But we are buyers in the market. We're going to buy some deals. We would love to get access. Do you have any other deals like this that maybe are on market, that are not on market yet? That is how you start this process. That is how you start the process. Oh, great. Yes. Put us on your email list. I want the off-market first look deals. You're building the rapport, getting a network of three to five brokers where you're going to start getting your deal flow of pre-market deals. That is how you start this process of going on to off, on to off, step by step. So in recap, in your market, you've identified that we've identified with you. You're going to go find a few properties with three or four different brokers. You're going to be setting up tours on those. You're going to do the tour, belly to belly, eyeball to eyeball, business card, which is why we need that kind of logo and business card and website stuff, because now you are officially a real estate investor. You need to act the part, look the part, build the rapport. That's how you start getting access to these off-market deals that really make sense. and you kind of pull off the correct seat and you get on to the stuff pre-crec seat. And that's the stuff that's going to start to pencil nicely where deals are going to make sense and you can underwrite them, put them together and we go to the next stages, which is, okay, we found them, we've analyzed them. Now they're real deals. We need to raise money and close escrow. But this is step one. Hope this makes sense. Reach out to us. That's why we're here. I want to keep this video short and sweet and get in contact with your success manager, account manager and myself. if you have my direct contact. Let's make some deals happen. Take care.