All right, here we go. Let's talk about the debt, right? So when you're financing a deal, you're talking about two things, right? Debt and equity, debt and equity. So in this case, let's take just a pure example of a $10 million deal. And we're going to do a 70-30 type, you know, split where we're going to get 70% acquisition loan, right? Debt on the property and bring in 30% equity, right? From our investment partners or capital people we're going to raise capital from, okay? So $7 million loan and $3 million in equity. So then the next question is, okay, well, where do we get the debt? Like who gives out multifamily apartment loan money, right? It's going to come, you're going to source this from a few folks. You have loan brokers out there in the marketplace that you can have relationships with. You have to find out who they are. If you go to a lot of these conferences, you get online, LinkedIn and so forth. There's a lot of commercial loan brokers who will source and have relationships with a lot of these types of debt providers, actual lenders out there in the marketplace. If they're in Los Angeles, maybe New York, a lot of the major markets, big institutions who are providing debt, right? Sometimes it's local commercial banks, right? Depending on the size of the deal, if it's a much smaller deal, let's say this was a $2 million deal and you're getting maybe, I don't know, a million dollar loan or, you know, whatever, right? Or million five or something. That may come from a local commercial bank, right? So having relationships from the local brokers on the ground in that marketplace can get you to a local commercial bank who will provide you that local commercial loan on that multifamily asset on the lower type stuff. So that's typically that's going to happen on the smaller stuff in local markets. If you're probably, I'd say, under a loan amount of maybe three million bucks, under a loan amount of three million dollars, it's probably going to come from a local commercial bank in that market specifically that you're looking for for that property So you got to get on the ground with the local brokers and say hey who provides debt in this local market Any commercial brokers Maybe the property management company also knows a handful and relationships they have with that they can make those connections with you So that's why getting into those markets in advance, setting up the infrastructure and the relationships is really important. So that way a lot of this is in place. When you start seeing deals, you can start striking because you already have the local commercial players in the commercial debt space and commercial banks, as well as any other property management, construction, logistics, operations, all that marketing, property, all that stuff, right? It's in place, ready to go. You know who the players are, and you can execute now that you've found a deal, okay? So in this case, a little larger loan size. You're going to have $10 million total acquisition, $7 million in debt, $3 million in equity. Loan broker is going to originate for us that we have a relationship with. Other ways, you may have a direct relationship. There may be a direct relationship with either a Freddie or Fannie. Right loan provider that is direct or you can go through some of the loan brokers right where that's CBRE Bercadia some independent kind of Debt and loan broker providers. There's a lot of them out there So you can search very easily on LinkedIn make some relationships with local brokers make the relationships in that marketplace Trust me plenty of loan brokers just like there are residential lenders Lots of commercial loan brokers You want to make sure you have the folks that can execute right and have a track record and so forth in those markets in placing money. So loan brokers, direct relationships, and then capital advisors. Typically, these capital advisors are large institutional firms. When the deal sizes get big enough, this is probably too small of a deal. But normally, if you're probably north of a $10 million loan, but realistically, $15 to $20 million loan amount is when these capital advisors are are gonna come into play, and the capital advisors are gonna probably come and bring you the debt right and also help raise the equity for you okay But typically you going to need a track record You going to normally have at least 500 plus units under your ownership within the markets you're playing in, or at least under your current ownership structure anywhere in the U.S. to show the track record because they're going to basically vouch for you. This company is going to go out and market this package for you. They're going to get paid a fee. Typically, it's 3% for the equity they raise, 1% for the debt they get. And they're going to put their mouth on the line and their reputation on the line to help market you and your group to raise all this for you. And for that, they get paid a fee. So you definitely need to have a resume that they can vouch for. So the capital advisors are typically going to come into play once you get to a certain size. So in terms of where the debt's usually coming from. So like I said, you have local commercial banks. You have bridge debt, right? Debt funds, bridge debt lenders, debt funds, all that stuff that kind of gets put in place. And then just natural CLO, commercialized debt obligations, CLOs, they'll put that in place. but a lot of it's going to come out of New York or even out of LA, but you're going to get a lot of that capital from some of these debt providers and institutional firms, life insurance companies, big funds that are out there, kind of debt funds and lender funds that are out there that'll come and kind of do bridge debt. And then you'll also have your fixed rate debt that's going to come from a Freddie or Fannie source or even a few others, life insurance companies and some other kind of fixed rate debt providers that are out there in the marketplace, depending on what type of loan and the structure of your deal. Normally, if you're acquiring an asset and you're going to do renovations on it, right? Improve the asset renovate units renovate the exterior you gonna use type of bridge debt financing whereby you have an acquisition portion of the loan let say in this case you had of the seven million let say six million of it was for the property one million of it was for renovations okay so you'd pull down this you do a hold back for a million dollars and then you draw on that money as you're renovating the property and you're still coming in with three million dollars of equity okay so that's bridge debt it's bridging you from the acquisition to when you would actually put in place a fixed rate type debt from a Freddie or Fannie source where it's fixed rate, where it's more long-term type debt that you'll refinance into once you've renovated the property, lifted the rents, restabilized it, now you can get new debt. So you're bridging that process, hence the name Bridge Debt. So that's the typical process if you're doing value-add. If you're buying a class A asset or if you're buying an asset that's fully stabilized, typically you would put fixed rate debt on it from day one, and that's out there. You can get it from Freddie or Fannie, some of the loan brokers will provide it for you and so forth. Those loan amounts vary, typically north of a million dollars on your debt, and that'll get put in place for you on a fixed rate scenario for any kind of commercial property. That's the types of debt that you're going to get. You've got bridge debt and fixed debt, or variable debt, they would call it, because bridge debt is typically variable debt where your interest rate is varying until you actually fix it and refinance into that. So that's the type of different types of loans that you can get out there. And depending on who's providing them to you, whether it's loan brokers, direct relationships, or capital advisors, that's usually how you're going to source that debt, right? And there's different providers for it. So click some of the links here in, you'll see it in kind of the different providers and some options for you on the debt side that are doing stuff nationwide. And then that's kind of on the bigger type stuff. But local stuff, smaller deals, you're going to go with local commercial banks, nine times out of 10 for the smaller deals. So now we're gonna jump into the equity and how to structure that. So let's go to the next lesson.