Okay, let's talk about Crexie.com because one of the first things you're going to be doing once you kind of go through your checklist in the first two weeks there is to get your free account set up. If you don't already have one, you're going to get a free account set up. And once you get it set up, now it's a matter of, okay, how do we start looking for deals? And keep in mind, as we've discussed in you, come on to the trainings, all the deals on this website, whether it's Crexie.com, LoopNet.com, CoStar.com, whatever it is, .com, these are all the on-market deals. It's the on-market deals, which only represents about 40% or less of the actual available inventory that you can see. But you have to understand the flow at which properties come on to the marketplace. They do not come onto the websites first. In the commercial space, specifically multifamily, the brokers are the gatekeepers. So they are signing the listings with a seller like me. They are putting together a marketing package. It gets delivered to a database of investors pre-market, maybe two, three weeks in advance. Those investors get the first take, first look. And a vast majority of the time, they'll strike. And they'll never make it to these websites. So if you're looking at the deals on these websites and they don't make financial sense, no shit. Like there's a reason. Because the only reason they're on this website is because they didn't sell in the pre-market. That's the only reason they're on this website. They did not sell pre-market, so therefore the broker said, okay, let's take and see what kind of chump we can get on the real market, on the websites. Now, it's not that deals can't happen here, that they don't. They do, but they get negotiated down a decent amount of the time. A decent amount of the time. They'll get negotiated off this price. So just keep that in mind. So what you are using these websites for is to get access to find out who the heck are doing deals in your market And I don care if it Ohio if it Pennsylvania if it Kentucky Missouri Arkansas Texas Arizona Nevada I don't care where you're looking. The same thing applies. OK, same thing applies. You have to realize that you are going to find out who's doing deals. So I went ahead in here. I just selected Ohio for fun today. OK. And I'm going through here. There's 568 results. I can then whittle it down because I can then come in here a little bit farther. And I think I can actually pull up not just on cap rate, but I can do some more filters for unit size and stuff. So I can actually come in here and you can select more details on unit size to really nail it down even further for you. But for simple math here, let's take – it doesn't even show how many units are in this. 24 units for 1,000,000,000, right? and this one in particular in Ohio. So you see the broker here, right? So I'm going to click on it. So this is what you're going to do. So let's say you're deciding Ohio is going to be my market, or it's this, that, right? But let's take it Ohio. And now you open up into the listing. You're going to scroll down. You're going to see, hey, Mr. Joey and Mr. Dante are the brokers from Matthews Real Estate. This is awesome. You see this little button here that says VOM. That says Offering Memo. That's basically the marketing package that the broker has put together for you to review. So you're going to click on it. It's going to pull up a PDF document. This is a nice little PDF document that gives you details on the property, photos, financials, unit mix, current pro forma. So this is going to give you the data that you need to input into your deal analyzer that we give you. Now, sometimes this data is not readily available. Sometimes this OM is not as nice as these guys These are professionals But the point being is Joey has said hey guys look at my listing This is an active one we put on the market because it didn sell pre So I a guy in this market that does deals So I probably have some pre-market stuff that is not this one. So if this deal doesn't make sense for you, please talk to me because I probably have deals that do. So this is what I would do if I were going into Ohio. This is the exact steps I did when I went into Kansas City. Ring, ring, ring. Hey, Joey, how are you doing? This is Justin Brunnen from the Brennan Pulley Group Capital. Just calling. Hey, looking at this deal over here on Windhaven, the Windhaven apartments, the 24 units. Awesome. Look, been on the market about 124 days. Was it in escrow or did it never go into escrow? Okay, never went into escrow. Have you guys had any offers on it currently? You did. Okay, but they didn't go through? Okay, gotcha. Anything active right now? Okay, nothing active at the moment. Okay, how are you guys doing tours? Are you doing group tours? Is it a private tour? If I wanted to come take a look at it, I'm super interested. in this market in particular, and this one came across my desk, I'd like to take a look and kind of meet you as well. And they may ask you a few questions. And once again, we have a lot of Q&A that goes over how to handle certain questions they may ask you and so forth just to get to the next level, which is setting the appointment. Because the entire purpose of setting the appointment, going to the property, meeting with Joey, meeting with Dante, is to build rapport. Because you are not going to get access to the real deals that make sense if you do not build rapport. This is still a belly to belly, good old cowgirl and cowboy club. And if you want to get access to the real game to see the deal flow that's going to make you money, you got to leverage the on market. So when you hear me say, leverage the on to get to the off, leverage the on to get to the off, leverage the on to get the off, because this is how you do it. You come in here, you got to make the connections and we can help you do it. And we show you how to do it. And we talk you through it. And we give you all the lingo, glossary terms, everything you need, but then you got to go do the work You got to go do the work We can be there for you but we can do everything for you So this is step one And what you going to do is you going to do this with three properties in all the same market in Ohio And obviously you'd want the same as Columbus and stuff like that. You can go to submarkets and stuff. But you want to, generally speaking, like we did Kansas City. So I went into Kansas City. I picked three properties just like this. And I went in and I met with three different brokers, toured three different properties. None of them worked. Surprise, surprise. But it did give me access to start giving me access to the pre-market inventory. And then the deals made sense. So I hope this makes sense. That's how you're going to get into Crexie and how you're going to do it. It's totally free to start searching. Totally free to start calling. Totally free to look at the OMs. Totally free to then put it into the deal analyzers that we give you. And then you can submit those deals for practice if you want into our team. And our team will help you review those deals alongside you. Just look inside your portal and follow those instructions. But we are here for you. between myself, your success coach, the whole team. We want you to win. We want you to win. Because what do you think is going to happen when you take down a 24-unit like this? The confidence is going to go through the roof, and you're going to feel awesome. So then you're going to want to do it again. And when you get to do it again, then you're going to say, Justin, this was amazing. I can't believe this. Now I want to go big. I want to go into a 50, 80, 100 unit. Well, you're probably not going to be able to do that alone. So who do you think you're going to reach out to? You're going to reach out to the community, and you're going to reach out to me. And then we can come in and help you alongside you and partner. And that's called co-GP, co-general partnerships. And we would love to consider that all day long because that grows your portfolio. You get rich. It grows our portfolio. We get rich. Everybody gets rich. And we love when everybody gets rich because that is what the entire game of multifamily is about. It is not about solopreneurship. This is about partnerships, collaboration, community, and everybody wins. That is what multifamily is about. So I hope this makes sense. Let's rock and roll. Take care.