All right, guys, welcome to lesson number one, the first deal. Now, I think the best way to help describe this by going through my story a bit, just so you can understand how I did it, because there's a couple of ways you can go through this first deal process. The first one is this. If you have the money, meaning down payment, capital at your own expense, as well as the ability to sign on the loans to get the first property, right, and you can find them, underwrite them, put them all together, handle all the logistics of the real estate, blah, blah, blah, then you can kind of do that without another partner involved, right? Because you have the capital, you have the ability to sign the loans, you can find the deals, you can underwrite them, you can control them entirely. You don't really need anybody else in your kind of sphere to handle that because you're the full-blown operation. That's option one. Most people don't have that. Most people have one or the other or they need skill sets in one or the other and they need a partner or somebody to kind of attach to where they can do things that you can't, you can do things they can't. And that's kind of where my story comes in. Look, I started back, you know, I grew up, born and raised in San Diego, son of a developer builder into the subdivision single family home space of taking raw dirt, building subdivisions of single family homes. And then it graduated and my dad did a lot of multifamily condos, townhomes, and then got into large apartment complexes, two, 300 unit apartment complexes, but he would build them and then he would sell them to institutional firms and not hold them. That was the big mistake. That was a big mistake. But he made a lot of money doing that. Now, going through that and seeing that process and going through the financial crisis of really 2008 and 2009, where I had to help my father consolidate a lot of his businesses, I lost a ton of money. I know a lot of people did. My dad went through a major bankruptcy, over a $60 million bankruptcy. And I know those numbers, I mean, I hate to even talk about it, but that's the reality of it. At that time, you had valuations way through the roof. He had a decent amount of assets and liquidity, but when that financial crisis hit, all of a sudden, $20 million in assets when you have $80 plus million in liabilities outstanding at the moment, there's a gap there of $60 million. I watched him go through that. I learned a lot. It was a very humbling experience for me, but it also taught me a lot of things too and taught me what I wanted to do and how I didn't like the roller coaster, right, of the build and sell mentality, which you can do, make large pops, but there also huge risks associated with it that if you get caught in market cycles which you have no control over you toast especially when you signing recourse loans and that thing can take you out pretty quick So you have to be tactful And that where the multifamily and the cash flow the passive income, the stability, having that cash flow come in that kind of takes care of all the basics, right, and covers your basis of financials, to then allows you to go off and do some more riskier type investments, right, because you have kind of the basis covered here in the cash flow game under control that's covering not only your personal expenses, but some basic business expenses and operations allows you to go over here and be a little more risky with some kind of build and sell type things or some riskier development opportunities where if those don't pan out, they're not gonna take you down because you have the basis covered here. Does that make sense? That way you're not riding the roller coaster and you have that consistency of cash flow and growth and allows you to kind of sleep better at night and not have to like wonder and sweat every single day and every deal and worry about things you can't control. You can't control the markets. They're going to do what they're going to do. You just need to be able to maneuver within them. But that taught me a lot of things, like I said, and it brought me into the multifamily space. And then it got me, in 2008, I was pretty broke. We had to sell a bunch of properties we owned to just get some cash flow and things we were doing. When I say we, my brother and I, because we were attached to a lot of the real estate we had at that time. But I wanted to start investing in real estate and primarily rental properties. I just didn't know how to do it. And so I had to learn a lot. And I had my broker's license at that time. I'd obviously grown up in the real estate industry and the development side. But now I was pretty much on my own to run it. And I could take some of the skill sets I'd learned working with my dad's companies as the VP of operations and take that. And so what I did is this. I had the ability to find the deals. I could underwrite them. I knew the logistics, the operations. I knew all of that in detail. I could take something and make it great. I could run the whole operations, the business, everything. at that time, the only two things I didn't have was the capital and the ability to sign on the loans. The capital and the ability to sign on the loans. When I said, you have two ways to do this. If you can control all those aspects and do all of that, then great, you don't need a partner. But I needed somebody to attach to at that time to have the capital and the ability to sign on the loans because I could handle everything else. So I need to find somebody who is not in real estate, who couldn't do what I can do. So I bring them value and they bring value as well. in terms of the capital and the ability to sign on the loans. And so going back I started thinking and I actually learned this from Tom Ferry who a major real estate coach for a lot of the realtors out there He taught me he said listen everybody missing the secret You don't have to have a single dime to invest in real estate to own rental income property. You just need to have friends that have the money to own rental income property. Because you as the realtor, right, as the broker, you have the ability to find the deals, operate the deals, run the operations, the companies, everything logistically and operationally, you bring the sweat to that. What you need is somebody that has the capital to bring in or can raise the capital and can sign on the loans for those first few properties to get the momentum going until at some point you can both do it together. It got me thinking that's where Christopher Polly came in, my business partner on the investment income property side. He's not in the real estate industry. He's in the tech industry, completely separate, but he loved real estate. He loved apartments. He loved cash flow. We had talked about this in grad school. That was in 2006, so fast forward to 2009 when the company was started. We went back and talked about it. I said, listen, Chris, I can do da-da-da-da-da-da-da, and I gave them all the things I can do operationally. I can set the company up, run the company, the operations, logistics. I can find the deals. I can underwrite the deals. I can put them in. I can roll in my commissions as a realtor broker into the deals and bring value on that side of it, and that's all my sweat. I just don't have the ability to physically put the down payments right now, and I don't have physical ability to sign on the loans because I'm going through a lot of financial stuff, but this is what I can bring to the table. So he's like, great, Justin. Listen, I can't do all that crap you can do. That's a huge value and time saver as well. And you can't do some of the things I can do right now. This is a great blend. It's a yin and yang. Let's go ahead and start the company. And the Brennan Pulley Group was founded in 2009. And we purchased our first deal in 2010. It was a $100,000 condo in Murrieta, California. In the midst of the financial crisis, We put $25,000 down of which Chris brought in. That was his equity into the deal. He signed on the loan at that time to acquire it. I did all the logistics and operations on the back end. I rolled in my commissions. All of that stuff was put in place and I ran the entire thing from the property management to everything. And for that, I got 50% of the deal and he got 50% of the deal and we've kept it that way ever since. But that was the first deal. $100,000 condo. It was small. Start small. You don't need to go grand, I mean, unless you have the ability. We started with a $100,000 condo in Murata, California, turned it into within a few years Okay but it started small 25 grand down payment signed on the loan cash flowed that thing at over 13 cash on cash with over a 25 annual return on it at the end of the day when we kind of annualized it out. Great deal, simple condo. That's how we got the first deal. So if you don't have the money and you can't sign on the loans, but you have all the operational side on the back end, you bring huge value to somebody who can't do that. Now on the flip side of it, if you have the money and you have the ability to sign on the loans but you don't have the operational abilities, then you need to find that person that you can partner with. Just depends on what you're capable of and your skillsets, right? But stop trying to do everything. That'd be my first piece of advice. Stop trying to do everything, right? Hire things or partner with people that are in the skillsets in the areas that you're not good at. Because you're not gonna be good at them because you don't like them. There's a reason, okay? So focus in the areas that you're best at. Hire or partner with the areas that you're not to get to that first deal. Because once you get the first deal, the momentum starts to build. Because from there, then we bought a single family home. Cash flowed that thing, sold that, made a profit. And then we moved into two to four units in San Diego, and then a three unit, then a four unit, then another four unit, then we got into five to 10 unit spots, right, and complexes. And then we got to a point where like, gosh, you know, California's getting pretty expensive. We need to get out of state, because this stuff's just not making sense here in California anymore. But then you're running into a whole other thing that we're gonna get into in other lessons. but the first deal, I always say the first deal, and you have to find out how do you get there, right? And what skill sets do you have? Do you have the money and the loan side to be able, you can pull in the money and get the loans? Or do you have the operational side where you can start the company, you can run the company, you can do the books, you can hire all that operational stuff, all the logistics, and you can bring that to the table, property management, real estate, whatever it is, and you just need the capital and the loan person to partner with, find it. And if you have all of it, then bless you, You're in a much better position than I was back in 2008 and 2009. But that's how you're going to get to the first deal. And it starts with one. And focus on one. And then from there, it grows. And you can see what we've done. And now we have well over 100 units that we own and under management out of state, in state. And now we're growing to the stage two that we're going. Actually, I'd really say stage three. And that's 1,000 units under management by 2023. And that's where we're at. But it started with one condo, 100 grand. Think about that. Think about where it can go. So I hope this helps. That's the first deal. Now we're gonna jump into the next lessons and talk about all the other things. So I hope you enjoyed this. Notes are herein. I'll see you in the next lesson.