Okay, now on to the next lesson, where we're gonna talk about how you analyze a deal and kind of the pieces of it. So you can kind of determine whether it's a good deal, a bad deal, something you should look at, move forward, not move forward, and do it relatively quickly. So most important, when you're looking to analyze a deal and the numbers that you need to get in order to be able to do that is primarily the rental number. So let's take a two to four unit property, for example, it's smaller. Obviously, you wanna know what those rents are on a monthly basis currently, but more importantly maybe where they can go. And that's kind of where the comp side comes in. Is if you did some renovations and up did this and up did that, where could the rents go from where they're at or where they could go post renovation or to market, right? Because they maybe are below market now, you can move them to market and then you can go even higher than that with some renovations. So you gotta understand kind of that rental side of it. Is there other income you can bring into it, et cetera? So on a two to four unit property, what are the current rents? What is the market rent? Where could the rents go? Now on the expense side, you want the expenses. You want a profit and loss statement that's showing the exact expenses on the property, typically over a trailing 12 months, and ideally a few years on it. Not just one year, but maybe two years, or sometimes three years. So you can kind of see if there's any trending, any capital improvements that the seller may have done or been doing or continuing to do on the property that's improving it. If they had any major expenses beyond recurring that have been ongoing with the property. So you need to know all these expenses, vacancies, all these things, but primarily revenue in terms of the rents and all the expenses on the property because that's going to help you understand financially, is the property decent, good condition, bad condition? Where can it go? What can it do? Can it support a debt service on a loan? Stuff like that. But you need to know the rents. You need to know the expenses. You need that in detail. You need it verified. So in terms of the expenses, you want like receipts or invoices, right? You want bills, all the utilities, all those things to verify what those expenses are versus what they tell you on paper. And then on the rents, you'll want a tenant estoppel certificates that verify this is what the rent is. Not what they say it is. You want copies of the leases to review the leases. Stuff like that on a two to four unit. Same concept when you go larger, but you're dealing with different types of reporting when you go a little larger. Five, ten units, fifty, hundred, two hundred plus units. You're getting what's called a T12, which is a profit and loss statement over a 12 month period. Right. The current 12 months. You can go back a few years with it and so forth You also gonna want a rent roll which is a detailed analysis of every single rent on that property and all the charges associated with it You going to want aged receivables You want to see how delinquent is the property your tenant actually paying stuff like that. You want an agent, you want a unit availability report that's going to show these are units that are vacant now. These are ones that are coming up. This is kind of notices for the future, this is kind of like what we can expect for over the period of expiration of leases, you can kind of see where that's going to go at and so forth. That type of financial reporting is pretty important when you're trying to analyze, I guess, the quality of the asset and where it's at. You know, making sure that the landlord just hasn't stuck a bunch of random tenants in a property. How many leases over the last 90 days? How many leases over the last 30 days? So that way you're not seeing, oh, did they just, you know, pump a bunch of people in these units that really can't pay and then you're going to deal with that later. So not to say that that's what happens, but it can happen in the commercial real estate space. You need to definitely have some due diligence and be better set as you get into larger, bigger deals with more zeros. But these are the types of things that you're going to look for in terms of metrics when you're analyzing a deal. So once you get the rents, the rent roll, the T12, age receivables, unit availability report and all of that stuff, then you can start to dive in to analyzing kind of these types of metrics for cash on cash returns, right? Typically for deals, what we'd like to see right now is, this is kind of Midwest markets, anywhere between that 7 to 10% average cash on cash returns on an annual basis. IRRs, we want to see this in the teams. So we want to see somewhere, depending on the class of the asset. If it's a class B asset and or C asset, we definitely want to see it between 16 to probably 22% in terms of an annual IRR. Cash on cash, 7 to 10. Annual rate of return typically is going to be a little bit higher than the IRR, but that's just ... The IRR takes into account the velocity of that return, whereas annual rate is just saying, hey, you made X amount of money, divide that by X amount of years, that's your annual rate of return. It's not really taking into context the time value of it, per se, and the velocity of it. It's just an annual rate of return. But this is gonna be somewhere let call them that 18 to 25 range Equity multiple typically depending on the class of the asset but 1 to 2 Equity multiple, what that means is, hey, if I give you 100 grand, how much do I get back on that 100 grand? So if it was a 2, if I gave you 100 grand, I'm going to get 200 grand back. You get the point? Equity multiple, right? What's the multiple on the equity I'm putting in? Return on cost. You want to see this typically between 18 to 20 plus percent. Return on cost, meaning if I'm going to insert a million dollars of renovations into the property, I want to see a return on that in terms of revenue, rent growth, all of that, of 18 to 20 plus percent on that return on the expenses. Otherwise, you're never going to be able to hit these metrics if you're not hitting this metric. You'll see how they all interact and work together. Cap rates. Obviously right now throughout the United States, you're kind of seeing anywhere between 4% to about 6% on the cap rates depending on what markets you're in, type of property, the asset class, et cetera. So 4% to 6% on the cap rates. Things that you ... I call these are the four P's ... not the four P's, but the four things you're looking for specifically when you're touring an asset to analyze it. The location, guys. You can never supplement the location. You know that. You've heard it, real estate, location, location, location. Because it doesn't matter how good the asset is, right, or where you can take it or how good you can renovate it. If nobody wants to live there because the location is not good, then it doesn't matter. If it's not safe for their family, their kids, their people, they're not going to live there. You're not going to be trapped and you're not going to be able to get the velocity and the bump in the rents and things you're trying to do because of that location. The people, people comes into the tenants, to the property management staff, the maintenance staff, all of those, right? Who's your tenants? What type of tenants do you have at the property? How's your property management staff? Are they motivated, unmotivated? Are they aggressive? That type of stuff. How's your maintenance staff? Do they know what they're doing? Are they showing up? Are they able to handle things? What's that reporting on the maintenance staff? nine times out of 10, tenants move out of a property because of work orders, meaning bad maintenance. You're not getting serviced, you have a bunch of issues wrong with your unit. At some point you get pissed enough peace out you adios hence you get the vacancies So people processes what software are they using How are they running things How are they handling evictions How are they handling noticing tenants How are they handling violations? How are they handling move-ins, move-outs? All these different processes that go on with a multifamily property. What are those processes that are being used? Lastly, the comps. You've got to drive them. You need to know your competition. To analyze a deal, you've got to know your competition. Not just going online. Great, that's fine. You can go online, get the online rents. You got to get boots on the ground. You got to go knock the doors, walk the properties, understand the areas, understand those comps and why they're competition for you so you can go beat them, right, and not just do it from afar. Afar is fine in the beginning, but once you're getting real and got money on the line, you got to get on the ground, boots on the ground. But these are the types of metrics you follow the most when you're doing your pro formas and all those things that we talked about. You're looking at these metrics, cash on cash, IRR, annual rate of return, equity multiple, return on cost, and of course the cap rates. Both cap rates going in, which isn't that much of a deal when you're doing a renovation project. Meaning if I'm taking a piece of crap, like the old ugly duckling, and I'm making a nice duckling, then the cap rate going in isn't as important, right? Because I'm not buying a stabilized asset. I'm not buying something where I'm like, oh, it's going to stay here. I'm going to take it from a really bad operations and a really bad property, really bad ownership, really bad this, really bad that, and I'm going to take it from here to here. What I really care is where can I take the cap rate because typically on our deals, we may buy something at a four cap, we will take it to say a seven cap and then we will sell back down at say a 4.5 to five. Typically you want the spread between where you're taking it to and where you're selling back down to to be at least two, the spread being two or more because then that way you're you're gonna be able to get this ROI, return on investment, and get these returns that you're trying to project by hitting those numbers. So that's how you're gonna analyze the deal. Obviously, we can get into the actual nitty gritty, the financial course does that, but the type of metrics you're looking for and what you're looking for, like I said on the number side, that's kinda how you're saying, okay, we're hitting cash on cash between here and here. We're hitting the RR between here and here, the equity multiples between here and here. Like all these metrics are kinda lining up, Therefore, it makes sense, let's dive in further. And that's how you do it pretty quick. So, hope this makes sense. We're going to jump on to the next lesson, get into some more details. Take care. Talk to you soon.