Okay, how are you? So how do you quickly decipher whether or not it's a good deal or not? And depending on your kind of spreadsheet, your model, your performance that you're looking at, whether it's the two to four unit one that we provide for you in here or the more extensive one, which we also provide for you in here, some of the other things, how can you look at some certain metrics, right? Play with them and then do a sensitivity analysis and determine, hey, is this a good deal we should be going after or not? Some metrics that we look for, which we've talked about briefly in the financial side of things, is cash on cash, net operating income, internal rate of return, equity multiple, price per door, and replacement cost. And we're kind of looking at these things. The other thing we look at is return on cost. If you're doing a renovation type project, right? We're doing a value add apartment deal where we're like flipping a house. You go in and you basically flip an apartment building in a way where you add value to it. You improve all the units, you raise the rents, you restabilize it. What is that return on the cost you put in the door on a revenue basis? what is that return on that cost? So we're looking at certain things. So to give you an example for the stuff we look at, let's say in the Midwest, in the United States, right, anywhere in the kind of the middle part of the country, what we're looking for and say a class B product, let's say value add type deal where we're going in, we're adding value, improving the property, both exterior and interior, the types of things that we're looking for in terms of percentages that we would use as kind of a baseline and say, okay, yeah, this thing fits within our parameters. Let's dive deeper. Cash on cash, we want to see somewhere in the 7% to 10% range upon stabilization. Net operating income, right? Typically, this is going to be a certain number that you're going to look for, but not anything specific because it's going to based off IRRs, equities, and prices and stuff. But the NOI, you definitely obviously want a healthier one to where most banks are going to want to see a 1 plus on what called a DCR debt coverage ratio right Meaning your net operating income is 1 times or greater than the debt service your monthly payment on your loan. So net operating income at 1.2 plus or more on that loan amount. So let's say your net operating income is $100,000 a month, right? And your debt service is $89,000 a month for your mortgage payment. Well, that ratio is going to be in line, give or take, with that 1.2 plus. And that's what the banks typically like to see. IRR, we're going to be looking for something 18 to about 25% internal rate of return. That is the speed and the velocity of the return takes time value money into consideration where you're taking all the cash that you're achieving on a quarterly basis, monthly basis from the property, in addition to any refinance events, capital events, they call them, or a profit when you sell the property. So you take all the cash on cash, the monthly you get distributions, in addition to any profits from a sale or a refinance, you put them all together over a timeline, you attach time and speed to that, and it gets you an internal rate of return. Typically 18 to 25% is what we would like to see from a project level IRR. Equity multiple, We want to see north of a 2.0 time, depending on the type of deal. 1.9 to 2.5 on your equity multiple is ideal, but at least two times plus on your equity multiple, meaning if I give you $100,000, I get $200,000 back, right? At least two times on that money on an equity multiple from an investor that's putting in money. So if I'm an investor and I'm putting $100,000 into your deal, I want to see two plus on the return, at least. It depends on the type of deal If you in a class A product which is prime time asset it probably going to be less than that You probably going to be looking at like a 1 1 equity multiple and above Just because it's a much safer asset, Class A, creme de la creme. Class B, good asset but a little bit more risky. You're going to see a higher equity multiple. Class C, you're definitely going to see more than that. Class D, probably wouldn't even touch, but up to you. But that's kind of what you're going to see there. So price per door, it's not really that big of a deal, but what you want to look for is just to see that you're within reason on a purchase price per door going in as the generalized market, right? And as markets inflate and things get crazier and so forth, you're clearly going to be paying more price per door. But based on that kind of quadrants of the multifamily, right, as price goes up, equity goes up, things change, cash on cash, NOI, all those things kind of migrate and move together. They don't move independently per se, right? They all affect one another in one way, shape, or form. So that's why the cash flow quadrant thing is really important when you're talking about multifamily, the multifamily quadrants. So replacement costs. We want to make sure that we are at or below the replacement cost of the property ideally. So let's say to rebuild this property is going to cost $40 million. We want to make sure that we're buying it at less than that. That's ideal because then we know at least from a competitive standpoint, if somebody came into the marketplace and wanted to build a similar product next door, we're buying our property at less than what they can build it for. You're always ideally trying to buy at or below replacement costs. Return on cost. Typically, if we're going to go in and value out a property and add improvements, renovation costs to it, we want to see somewhere 18% or more on a return on cost. Because I know that if we hit that then typically the IRR number is going to be there Typically the cash on cash is going to be there Typically this equity multiple is going to be there right All those numbers will typically fall in line because I know the return that we're getting on that cost of improvement, right? From both a revenue standpoint, as well as a valuation standpoint, is going to get us better cash on cash, better IRRs and better equity multiples. So that's kind of the things you can look at pretty quick when you're running things through. And then what you're going to do, now you're looking at a lot of numbers here, don't worry, this is just a snapshot, but in your detailed pro formas, even the one that we're providing here in, you're going to have a sheet in there that when you plug in all your numbers on the other sheets, it's going to populate into a sensitivity table, right? And in the sensitivity table, it's going to have everything that's going to kind of run different scenarios for you that, hey, if I adjusted the price up, what does it do to the overall equity, cash on cash returns, IRRs, cap rates, price points, all these other things, right? If I adjust one thing, how does it play and adjust a lot of other things? Just by tweaking a few numbers here or there, right? All that kind of plays a role. So you're going to plug it in. It's going to do the hard work for you. Very, very, very important to look at this when you're analyzing a deal. So you can see different scenarios and what happens if the world comes to an end, inflation goes up, interest rates go up, prices go down, cap rates go up, all these things fluctuate and maneuver. What could it do to your deal? And stress test it, as they call it, sensitivity analysis to stress test. Very important. Now, this is kind of the higher level detailed stuff that's going to happen in your bigger type deals. But I'd say anything north of 10, 20 units, you're going to start looking at stuff like this. If you're in the two to four unit space or five to 10, maybe not as much, but definitely in the larger deals as you get into the higher class assets and the bigger money, bigger zeros, you're definitely looking at this in grave detail. So hope this makes sense. Let's dive into the next lesson. Take care. See you soon.