All right, so you got all the modules, you got all the lessons, now you're ready to go. And you're going to make mistakes. Everybody does. The key is to make mistakes with the least amount of zeros. The key is to make the mistakes with the least amount of zeros. And that's why I always recommend graduating to different property sizes. because if you're going from zero to hero or going into a hundred unit day one, you make a mistake on that one, there's a lot more zeros involved and you may never see the light of day again. And you'll ruin it for investors. You'll ruin it for yourself. You'll ruin everything. You have to have mentors and people that have done it. If you're going to go into that space, you need to be able to bring value. We've talked about this, right? You got to bring one or the other. You got to bring capital or you have to bring the operational expertise, right? You have to bring one or the other or a combination of the two. So let's get into kind of some of the mistakes and pitfalls that some people tend to make. I've made some of these and learned from those. And I always say fail fast, fail forward, right? I'd rather, you know, what they say, fail trying than trying to fail. Same concept, but you also need to be tactful and calculated about it to eliminate and minimize the zeros that are involved in that failing process. So that way you're not being dumb about it, you're being calculated about it. Because mistakes are going to happen. You just need to be able to pick up and go and be able to kind of get on top of those things and move faster, right? Because we've all made them and you're going to make them. So kind of starting with these are like the big seven that I see happen quite frequently and I've made some of these and I'll kind of walk through a couple of them. So number one, chasing paper returns. Everything can look beautiful on paper in an Excel pro forma. I can make things look as great as I want them to for your eyeballs. Don't chase the paper returns. When you see cap rate, oh my God, I can buy a new cap rate of nine and a cash on cash of 14 or some numbers like that. First thing you need to ask yourself is where the hell is it located? Because typically that's going to come in alignment and it's going to show great on paper because the location sucks, right? Never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever sacrifice location. And here's why. It doesn't matter how great you can renovate a property or what you think you can do to it. If you can't get people to live there, the right type of people in the environment, especially from a resale value, tenant value, rental bumps, all of that stuff, location's gonna determine 99.9% of that. And if you have a great property that's renovated and looks all sexy and nice, but it's in a really tough location or not a location that's gonna drive, all those rental projections, all of that stuff you projected for exit values, all of that kind of cap all that blah blah blah is pie in the sky you chasing paper returns because the location sucks it not going to drive it Don ever sacrifice the location I will pay more for a better location because I know that I can do things to that property that somebody who on paper may have a better deal, right, in a different location, but I'll be able to beat them a lot of times because it's the safety net too, especially when economies change and things change and markets change and you're in the middle of it. Trust me, you're going to buy that location and be praying to you-know-what, that you had it, versus being in an offshoot location out in the middle of nowhere in a tertiary market that's way tertiary, I mean like middle of nowhere type market, where you don't have drivers and all these things for jobs, population growth, all those things that can really drive an economy when tough markets happen and recessions happen and markets change and stuff. you need these kind of strong markets and good locations to help you survive and not lose it, right? Especially when markets change because you're going to go through them, cycles happen. So chase paper returns, no. Bad locations, no. Proforma, you've heard the saying, maybe you have, maybe you haven't. You work for the proforma, right? You work for it, meaning it doesn't work for you. So it's not where it says where, okay, I'm just going to put in some numbers and have it pump out whatever. And then, you know, that's it. No, no, no. Like the numbers are what they are. The math is what it is. Don't go in there and you sit there, start fiddling with things that just don't make sense and have that thing kind of show nice on paper. But then in reality, it's not really feasible. So if things change, like your job is to sit in there and do the right thing, have that thing really working for you versus you working for it. That thing needs to work for you versus you working for it. So the pro forma side of it. Your property manager. First of all, I've made this mistake. I have not made that one yet. I have not made that one yet. I did make this one on a PM where I did my due diligence. We hired a good property manager at the time, right, that we thought, and we had to make that change. And when you know that thing's right, you got to make the change and you got to move, right? Don't sit there because that property, especially if you're not on site, that thing, the rental, the expenses, tenant leasing, all that stuff is totally predicated around how good this PM is and how the urgency they take in that process, okay? Good PMs. Most property managers suck. I hate to say it. If you're a PM and you're watching this, yeah, most suck. And the reason they suck is because they have to have lots of properties in order to survive. Right? Lots of properties in order to survive. Especially if you're dealing with, say, asset levels of under 100 units where your PM staff is typically off-site, right, not on-site every day, then it's going to be harder to find the good ones. And you have to stay on them. You have to manage the managers, manage the managers. because these guys, the only way they survive is by having lots of properties and spreading themselves too thin And when that happens they not going to give the attention to your asset the way that they should So you going to have to stay on them to stay on them to stay on them And make sure that you paying attention The urgency is there They need to match your property They need to do all these things The marketing, the lease-ups, the repairs, all that stuff. They've got to stay on it. So good PM. Your renovation team. Do your homework. Check on their other jobs they've done. Get the references. Make sure you have this insurance. Some states, they've got to be licensed. Some states, they don't. but the insurance has got to be there. You have to have proof of track record. Show me what you guys can do. Test you guys on a couple of units or a couple of things, a couple of there before you give them the full job. Don't ever pay up front. You may put a little deposit in, maybe 25% deposit, but don't be doing this. I'm going to pay you all this money up front. No, I don't think so. I've made a little bit of that mistake a couple of times, but then we've caught ourselves thankfully. So don't do that. And do your due diligence. Check their other jobs. Get their references before you bring it on to a big job and giving them a big piece of the pie, a lot of money. Okay. Reno team. Undercapitalizing. If you have to bring in more equity to overcapitalize a deal to protect yourself, but the last thing you ever want to do is have to go back and do a capital call to investors. Okay. Because you undercapitalized the deal or didn't think of all the things you need to from a capital perspective for closing costs, going into a deal. right we've talked about that all that stuff from renovations to budgets to all these things you're better over capitalizing it just a bit and being able to pay back that money right you take it on you pay it back versus under capitalizing and then you got to go get it you can't right much harder to do that than it is the other way around so do you know even if you over this it's better than undering that okay over versus under due diligence i can't stress this enough you know thank goodness on some other properties we bought there were smaller assets in the beginning you know there was a property we didn't do as much due diligence as we should have i didn't follow that detailed checklist and we found out some stuff later and i'm like oh thank god they were smaller zeros because now i've learned from that and we do detailed due diligence moving forward because guys you get into bigger deals and bigger assets and you start making mistakes on that due diligence problem and you getting into something and now you have a money pit? I've seen it. I have seen it. There was a property in Texas that, not ours, but I heard stories about it. The guy, first time syndicator, right? This is going to show you how you can screw this up. First time syndicator had partners behind him with money, went after a 225 unit deal, got it. Okay? Had never really done a deal before, but had partners with the money that were trusting him. You see where this can go south? He didn't do all the due diligence. He didn't follow the checklist. He didn't know what he didn't know because it was his first deals and he's trying to go big and go home like some people tell you to do. Uh-uh-uh. Do you know how much money they What have they lost? Millions. That guy will never do another deal. His investors have blackballed them. They got in didn do due diligence found out there pipes busted all over the place drainage pipes they had to go under buildings I mean they lost so much money they can even count how much money they lost But it well over a couple million dollars Well over. And they can hardly even get out of the property. They're having to beg people to buy it from them. That's how bad it's gotten. And that's all because first time syndicator, first time person going out there buying a big apartment deal, going zero to here, oh, I can go big, right? And then he had people behind him with the money that were trusting in him, right? And they should have been double checking, but they weren't, right? So here we go. Someone that doesn't know the processes, has never done a deal, doesn't know what to look for, doesn't know what they don't know, and boom, millions, gone. That's why you don't go zero to hero on your first deal. Even though theoretically I get it, it makes sense, but not in reality. You got, even if you have the money and you can do it and you can, no. Start with kind of your smaller deals. You're going to learn a lot. Bigger size, learn, boom, then you go. But don't just go zero to hero, guy. I'm telling you, you're going to, unless you literally have a Grant Cardone sitting right next to you or me or somebody else that's done it and then you're here and then all the money's coming in and you got to have those people tied to you that can oversee your seeing because they're going to catch you. That's the only way you do it. You don't do it alone and you don't do it if you can be the driver and you have no history behind you other than the money and the capital coming in and you're going for it, trust me, you're going to make some serious mistakes and you're going to pray to you know what that you didn't. And I can guarantee this person is sitting there going, wow, that'll never happen again. He's right, that never will happen again because he'll never get to do it again. His party's bye-bye and over with, one and done. Great job. Okay, don't do it. So start a little bit smaller, 20 to 30 units if you want to call that bigger deals, right? 10 to 15 units, somewhere in there. And then you're going to learn a lot. Self-manage some of that stuff too. You're going to learn a lot of the intricacies in it. And then you're going to grow, right? And fail and fail fast, fail forward, but you're going to have smaller zeros on it. And then you're going to get the big concept. And then you can go zero to hero, okay? So I hope this makes sense. These are some of the mistakes. You're going to put them in here, list them here as well. Thanks so much for coming through this program. I hope, you know, this is a system, so it's not ending here. This is very, very, very important because we have other things you can get into. The mentorship program, if you're interested and you're ready to go, I would love to mentor you and bring you in. We have our weekly live calls with me going through deals, going through opportunities, things you're seeing in the market to really help you. Because right now you have knowledge. That's great. Now you need to take action. The only way you're going to take action is you have people pushing you and kind of getting you over that hump and getting you to the next step and showing you what you should be doing, how you should be doing it, and where to do it at. Okay? So that's the mentorship program. I'd love to get you involved in that. if you have any interest, jump into our online community. We're there too, every week. We have our online webinars that are coming out. We're gonna teach you there as well, okay? So we want you to be involved in that in our deal room scenario. So that's there. And on top of that, we have other courses, financial stuff you can get into and some of that. So please stay in our system. Please stay here. We're super excited that you got involved in this one and we look forward to seeing you in the future. So take care, talk to you soon.