All right, guys, the last lesson in this module in terms of properties and markets is, okay, you want to invest out of state. That's a big decision, right? It was a big decision for us when we did it. It started kind of walk you through the psychology of it. We did everything in San Diego for really the first eight, nine years of our business. We started with a condo, then a single family, then we got into two to four unit, then five to 10 stuff just within the San Diego market because I always thought and I was always told I need to be able to drive to it. I got to be able to touch it. I got to be able to see it. And that's all beautiful and wonderful, except when you're younger and you need to grow and scale and grow wealth versus wealth preservation, that's a totally different side of your life. Maybe when you're in the 50s and 60s, then you're in wealth preservation mode. But if you're younger, you're in growth, in wealth preservation growth mode. And to do that, you got to get out of state because California, New York, kind of the coastal markets, very expensive on a price per unit. So until you go into the middle part of the country and other markets where you're going to get a price per unit that's going to make sense, where you can use your money and scale it and get volume and unit count for much less dollar, that's where you're going to be able to kind of grow and scale your business. So out of state, that was kind of the driver and decision maker. Okay, so now we want to do it. Oh my gosh, hyperventilate. How do I manage it? Logistically, how do I deal with the markets, the location, identifying how do I deal with the legal and the accounting and who's going to, you know, not only manage, but we're going to renovate the property. So who's going to do that? The construction teams and how am I going to watch over the property and what are we going to do? And oh my gosh, and you can start freaking out. Don't do that. Let me walk you through what we did in doing our first out of state deal and then how we've managed it and so forth. It's very systematic at this point And I have notes and kind of connections down below as to how you can to do it for yourself right when you looking to do it and the process you follow okay It a pretty nice little checklist So let get into it Let go Okay so out of state How are we going to do it Obviously we were here in San Diego We needed to go out of state. Okay, oh, let's just go to Arizona. It's right next door. It's a 45-minute flight. We did. We looked in Tucson. Obviously, we looked in Phoenix. We're still looking in Tucson. Phoenix, for us, it's just a little priced out. It's like buying in San Diego now, but great market, it's just not for us. So, okay, now we need to go into markets where we really like, and look, for us, you may not like it. It is what it is. We only invest in purple or red states. Purple or red states, meaning I want fairness across the board for landlords and tenants. I don't want, unfortunately, certain markets in certain states, man, they're being run through rent and all these other crazy things where they're basically destroying the ability for any kind of fairness in landlords or even tenants. It's just so lopsided one way or the other. It doesn't make sense for us to do it. So purple or red states? I'm sorry, but that's how we do it. And we know that it works for us because it's fair for tenants and for landlords, right? So middle of the country for us. That was our decision out of state. So now we said, now we're here. How do we set up logistics and operations? So for me, we went into Kansas City first. I flew out there in the kind of the end of 2018, started looking at deals six to eight months in advance of actually executing on something. And when I'm in there in Kansas City, I'm setting up property management companies. I'm interviewing construction teams, interviewing, understanding the legal, the zoning, the areas, right? Understanding path of progress, where things go on, good areas, bad areas, neighborhoods, driving them, understanding kind of the layout. Where's the city growing? Where's the city putting money? What are they doing for mass transportation for MTS All these little dynamics Where the schools Where the university systems Who the major employers So you kind of doing all your due diligence up front, setting up all the logistics and the operations up front before you ever strike on a deal. Do not, in my opinion, do not go into a market, not do all this stuff. Be all excited. Here's a deal. Oh my gosh. And then tuck tail because you're chasing your tail, trying to play catch up because you didn't do all the stuff in advance. It'll save you a lot of headaches if you set the stuff up in advance. And yes, it's going to take time and money to do it, but this is the way you do it correctly. So that way, once you actually find deals and you can execute on them quickly, you feel comfortable. You're like, oh yeah, I know. I've seen that property. So when deals start coming across your desk and your email, you're like, yeah, I know that neighborhood. I know where that's at. Oh yeah, that's down the street from that Starbucks. And you got that 7-Eleven over there and you got that school around the corner. Oh yeah, I like that street. It's got good trees in it. Like you're going to know all this stuff. When you start seeing deals, it's going to help you. It's going to make you feel more comfortable. And then more importantly, be able to sell it and talk about it to lenders, to investors, to people. Yeah, I know that street. I know that neighbor. Here's why it's good. Here's what's coming down the street. Here's how they're bringing in. They're spending money on this area. They're bringing a light rail system down. They're changing this park. They're redoing this school. They're changing that. There's a retail center that's totally being redeveloped right now. There's a building down the street going up. You see where I'm getting at? All this stuff has to be known in advance. Set it up six to eight months in advance before you ever execute on a deal. That's what we did when you're going out of state. Very, very, very important because there's so much anxiety in general about going out. And then how do you watch it? We put cameras on every single one of our properties. Six to eight cameras. So that way me, I can pull it up on my cell phone and I can look at every single property in real time what's going on anywhere in the country and see what the leasing center, leasing staff, indoor outdoors six to eight cameras all poked around the property typically around leasing center We got all directionals going and I can check things out It just gives me peace of mind And number two it gives our investors peace of mind right Because now we can actually take a look at things and manage things and watch things, even though we're not there every single day, right? And every single way. And then you have your management, as long as you have good management staff in place. And it's hard. It's not easy to find them. That's why you have to interview them, your construction teams. And we've had to change them. We thought we had them and then we had to fire them and bring in other people. But you got to move, you got to fail and you got to fail fast if you're going to fail, right? And get going. But that's how you do it. Six to eight months in advance, set up all the logistics, the operations, the back office, okay? Some kind of business things that we'll get into in some other modules, but you're definitely going to want to, right, from an out-of-state standpoint, I mean, you're going to want to have some business stuff like a backend portal for investors, for managing your CRM. You want your website. I mean, all these kind of business things that we'll get into in other lessons that was important for us to have set up in advance that just made us feel more comfortable. So that way when deals kept coming along, we were set up logistically, operationally. We had our team members in place, our accountants, our legal, our lenders, you know, handful of different lenders, brokers, property managers, construction teams, like all these team players and how we set up the team. That's also gonna come in some other lessons, but that was very, very important when you're going out of state to have all of that set up as best you can before you strike. So that way when you strike, you can move fast and furious and you're good. And you know all the stuff in advance. Does that make sense? So that's how you go out of state. In my opinion, that's how we did it. It saved us a lot of headaches, helped us avoid a lot of mistakes. Okay, you're going to make mistakes, but you want those mistakes to have smaller zeros, if you know what I mean. So that's how you're going to do it. Set up the logistics and operations in advance. Know your markets. Spend some time there in advance. Set everything up before you go. So that's the Out of State. Let's jump into the next module. See you soon.