All right guys, in the next module, we're gonna talk about how do you find the deals, and then how do you find the brokers that are representing them? Because obviously the deals are gonna come by way of the brokers nine times out of 10, unless you can deal with some off-market situations where you know how to find those and go direct either to sellers, or have other people who know people direct to the sellers. Usually you can come by way of brokers as well, or other companies who will kind of search offline for you and tee up opportunities. So let's get into it, let's go. All right, so let's start with how do you locate, right? How do you locate properties, how do you locate brokers, and the different kind of segments that there are in the multi-family space. You're really gonna deal with your two to four unit. That's your residential type multi-family, if you wanna call it that, right? A duplex or a triplex or a fourplex, all falls under that five unit category of that residential type property, where you can go straight to a residential real estate agent, right? And that's how you're gonna locate these. A lot of times you'll see them on the MLS, or you'll go direct to a broker, you may have them offline, but nine times out of 10, that's how you're gonna find those, through the online portals and direct with the real estate agent on the two to four unit space. Now, when you start getting into, I'd say, technically the commercial space, five plus units, you're dealing with kind of that smaller level commercial broker that's handling those things. Maybe not your mega guys, meaning mega brokerages being your CBREs, your JLLs, Bercadias, Marcus and Millichap, some of these other big conglomerate brokerages, nationwide brokerages, they're not typically going to sit in this space too often. Sometimes they do, depending on the market. But a lot of times, this space, you're going to see some of your Kinder Matthews or some of the smaller time brokerages and agents that are kind of in that space and the commercial that's going to be there. So how do you locate these? Obviously, you need to get boots on the ground, especially if you're trying to do stuff out of state, not in your backyard right It still a good old boys good old girls game in terms of the commercial space So unlike say residential where you can see things online through the MLS and the portals and the websites and all that stuff but it all aggregated right into single systems for you to view online that's not how the commercial space works. Commercial things are pretty, you know, it's kept close to the vest. You know, and I would recommend not using LoopNet, right? If you want to overpay for things, use LoopNet, right? If you want to do stuff like that, use those kind of portals, because nine times out of 10, those things are on those portals, are way overpriced, right? They're not really, I mean, they're on market, but that's a bit much. So, you know, you're going to want to go direct and get onto the brokerage websites and sign up for their email systems if you want to look at some on market stuff, because that's how you're going to start to build the relationship with these commercial brokers. And then you need to get on the ground and you may have to deal with some of their assistance, right? Because these big time brokerages and stuff, they're not going to really deal with you if it's your first rodeo, I mean, they're not going to give you a lot of time. They have so many clients and people and things going on, they just don't have the time to allocate to a first-time syndicator. So you're going to have to go through a local kind of smaller time agent to locate some of these opportunities, especially in this space. So when you have folks like Grant Cardone, who I appreciate and respect to death, and he says, go big, go big, go big, go here, right? Never going to happen, you guys. Never going to happen. And let me explain to you why. Grant Cardone, with all due respect, started with a 27 unit and a 40-some-odd unit in San Diego, California. Started in Houston doing flipping houses, rental properties, and so forth out of Louisiana, then came into San Diego, did some multifamily with some folks that I know as well, did very well, then to LA, and then obviously he's become Grant Cardone that we all know. But he started small too, and the reason why, in theory, great, 90-plus units, but in reality, for you to execute, to be able to locate them, get brokers to pay attention to you and give you the time of day execute on that Either you have to have a track record of doing this or you have to partner with people that have a track record of doing that And the only way you going to get other people to partner with you who done this is either you're going to bring money or operational experience. You have to bring sweat or you have to bring capital, one of the two, because otherwise why would they partner with you? If you're not bringing value and you're just trying to be a piece of the game and you're not bringing any value that they can't do themselves, there's no point. So you've got to bring something that they can't. So you can certainly go partner with someone who's done this stuff. But if you don't have that in line, best of luck. We started with a condo and then went to the two to four unit space, graduated to that, went to the five to 10 unit, right? And we found those through local brokers, some commercial guys, some residential mix. And then we went into the 25 plus space, okay? Graduated through that and we're like, huh, the real economies of scale are in the space. That is accurate. That's why Grant Cardone says, hey, go to this, go to this, go to this. But in order for you to execute at this level, guys, you have to understand you're talking bigger zeros, non-refundable deposits, hundreds of thousand dollars in legal fees and third-party fees and all this other legal stuff you're going to deal with. I mean, it's a whole different ballgame. You're playing with the big boy pants. So you better be ready to rock and roll and better be willing to put a lot of money up front, non-refundable, and go for it to make that type of stuff happen. And it can happen, but you need to partner with people. And there's a lot of things you're going to learn going through these segments. And by the time you're ready for that, you'll kind of say, okay, I understand it all. Because you make a mistake here, the party's over. You can make a mistake here and survive it. You can make a mistake here and survive it. You can typically make a mistake here and survive it. You make a big mistake here with a lot of zeros on it, you might as well say bye-bye. Party's over. Career's over. Go have a good day. So that why you need to learn and go through the processes make the mistakes as you falling through these kind of different sectors of unit sizes to get to this guy So you going to locate them This is your residential brokers. This is a combo of residential and commercial. And how do you locate them? Go to their websites. Go online. You can obviously search for things online, but then you want to get to the brokers and their actual websites. Get up on their email campaigns. Have things sent to you in the email inbox. You can see all their flow. All the marketing that's coming out on deals that they have, both on and off market. Then with that, now you can get boots on the ground, try and introduce yourself, make calls, get around them, be surrounded by it. It's all relationship driven. They just need to know that you're going to execute and close on the deal. That comes through time. They need to know who you are. There's a lot of nuance that goes onto it in the commercial space, in the networking, in the relationships. You've got to go to some of the conferences, you've got to go to the conferences, meet all the brokers, meet all the people, build those relationships, get the cards, go into into the database, get on their website, start making calls to them, introduce yourself, who you are, play that game. And it's going to take time to build those relationships so you can start seeing things at a first look basis before it goes to full blown market. You get all their emails that are coming out from the mass brokerages. And then on top of that, just the relationships that you're driven. Sometimes, hey, you can get some off market stuff that's coming through their channels, or you can have some people looking for you that are finding that as well. So that's how you're going to typically find the deals is through the brokers, right? Or through off-market channels. And those off-market channels, you can locate those through companies that actually find that for you or relationships you have direct, or you can put a system in place that goes direct to sellers, right? It's a little tougher. It takes time to build that infrastructure, but the brokers are going to be able to help a lot of that finding on and off-market opportunities and people that you know in those markets that you're specifying to locate. So just to understand that on the locating. So now we're going to get into actually working with the brokers and how do you deal with that and the best approach to get them to want to work with you. So let's go to the next lesson. Take care.