All right, welcome to the next lesson where we talk about the team members that you need, both for your business, but also we'll talk a few about like for your deals. Like if you're doing larger deals, the type of starting to syndicate, the people you're going to need on that team as you're going through the process of acquiring new assets and then of course managing those assets. So let's jump into it right now. Walking through the team that you're going to need, the types of people, and you're going to be able to get this in that ebook, right? It's attached here in this course. It's going to walk you through all the team members that you need in a little bit more detail. So you don't need to take a lot of notes right now. You have some info here in and then some links and some PDFs to download, all for free as part of this course. But number one, you need a CPA. You need a CPA. Obviously, we have some referrals we can give to anybody. That's fine. I try not to just blatantly give that stuff out. But you may have a CPA you already know. But you want someone specifically that understands real estate. And more importantly, cost segregation analysis, accelerated depreciation. Okay, cost segregation, accelerated depreciation. We'll get into that on some of the bigger deals. It's one of the greatest things since sliced bread. It's completely legal. I don't know that it should be, but it is. So anyway, bookkeeper. You need a good bookkeeper. Very, very important to keep those books in line because trust me, as you get going, there's a lot of moving parts. You need the books in line. Your investors are gonna expect it. You need to expect it. You gotta run those things nice and clean. Social media. This is for kind of creating leads, content, information. How you attract investors and people and things into your sphere. You need social media content. You need a video person that's going to help edit those videos. You can start trying to do it yourself. That's fine. There are ways to do that to get going. But your time is better served elsewhere. And there's cheap resources for this type of stuff on Fiverr.com. We talked about it in the other lesson. Fiverr.com. F-I-V-V-E-R.com. A bunch of freelancing, super cheap stuff, amazing stuff out there. So look into that. Attorneys, attorneys, attorneys. I should change that out. So you're going to have three different types of attorneys. You're going to have a securities and exchange, a securities attorney that's going to draft any of your private placement memorandum documents. These are if you're getting into syndications where you're going out and gaining investors that you may or may not know into a big deal. you going to have to do a private placement memorandum because those types of offerings guys whether you think you are not those are governed under the SEC because it runs under what called a Reg D filing an exemption from the SEC under a 506C or a 506B and there's Reg A offerings too, but for simplicity here, Reg D offering 506C or 506B may have to be drafted and there's a conjunction of documents in there that get into your private place, your offering that explains the deal, your operating agreement, subscription agreement, and investor questionnaire to verify accreditation or not. So there's processes for that. Don't screw this up unless you want to go to jail. I'm dead serious about that. Do this right. It's worth every penny. Your securities attorney on a specific deal, your first one you do is going to run you probably about 14 grand to set up your docs. After that, it should cut in half, give or take. Transactional attorney, this is someone that's going to be helping you in your purchase and sale agreement negotiations to make sure you don't get screwed by the seller and by the selling brokerages and all that other stuff to kind of negotiate those things. And then as you go through the escrow, okay, with the banks, the lenders, the people, the partners, everybody involved, they're your transactional attorney to help you not get screwed. So worth every penny. These are expensive, right? Your transactional person is going to run you 15 to probably 40,000 bucks, depending on how much they're doing and how big the deal is and all this other stuff, but somewhere in there, give or take, right? And I've seen bigger, but in most cases it should flow within there. Your business real estate attorney. This is somebody that you can kind of throw things off of to help you strategize and structure your entities from asset protection standpoint. Okay. Your business and real estate entities kind of attorney. And from the get go, you're going to set this person up to help you. Hey, should we do it this way? Should we structure it this way? Should we be in this state? Should we do this? How do you structure your entities, right? And this person's just going to be an hourly type, you know, attorney that you maybe give an initial retainer to, a few thousand bucks, they help you set you up, and then you're going and you're paying an hourly fee occasionally. It's not like an ongoing person you're paying for. So same thing with the securities attorneys, usually deal by deal, right? Your transactional attorneys, deal by deal. Your business entity, real estate attorney, may be more ongoing, right? Not necessarily deal by deal. You may be dealing with them consistently a few times throughout the year. Okay But you need the attorneys guys trust me everything fine until it not fine Everything fine until it not fine do it correctly your investors are expecting it They want it done correctly Don't screw this up. Don't go cheapy cheapy and being like oh I don't really need to do that until there's a problem And then your ass goes to jail because the SEC gets called and you didn't do things correctly And then you're gonna be praying to your living Whatever that you went up that you did it right Just don't make that mistake. I've heard stories heard stories So, insurance broker. I would recommend having a couple, but you're going to want a good commercial insurance broker that's handled multifamily, typically larger multifamily assets, and how to underwrite them and run them correctly. Because insurance is different state to state, region to region, city to city. State to state, region to region, city to city. It's very specific. So you can get the big brokers that deal nationally, but they better understand your market, and they better have done deals, and they better have funded and done kind of, you know, underwriting from an insurance brokerage standpoint and placed money inside those markets because they got to really understand them. Okay. Property manager. I mean, there's some large conglomerate national property management companies, obviously, that we use, and there's also local ones too that are more regional based. No matter what, they need to have boots on the ground. They need to have other assets in the area that they own, they manage. They got to have really good systems. The PM companies on your smaller deals, your two to four, five to ten, maybe even twenty to thirty units, they're not going to be as good. You're going to have to even micromanage them further than you will when you get into the bigger assets where you have leasing staff on site. PM companies are really, really well set up in there. It's just a lot of economies of scale once you get to a hundred plus units in this game. Hundred plus units is kind of where the economies of scale really kick in. Underneath that, definitely a little bit more mom and pop. It's going to be a little harder to find your good PM companies. So when you get them, be there, but just know you're going to have to stay on top of them too as an asset manager. You can't just throw everything on the PM company and be like, okay, where's my checks? No. Throw everything on them, find them, manage, but you got to manage the managers. Manage the managers. So PM companies, very important. Do your research. This is the type of stuff that we do well in advance. So like I said, we go into markets, right? Usually six to eight months in advance of ever acquiring any deals. Boots on the ground. Interviewing PM companies, right? interviewing construction companies driving the neighborhoods good areas and bad areas Where the path of progress Where the development What is the city doing Getting to know know the comps the rents who where what when how Right Freeways expansion up down left and right Know your markets but this comes part of it Know your PM companies. Right? Check their reviews. Go check out the properties. Go secretly shop the properties that they're managing. Right? Go see how it works. Go talk to the... I mean, spend that time to do that. If you're getting down to kind of whittling down to two or three, spend the time to really do the research. Trust me, it can make or break you. I've made the mistake. I know. It can cost you a lot of money if you get the wrong PM company in there, right? And they're not keeping occupancies up. They don't have staffing correctly. I mean, just there's so many operational things that are very, very, very important with a good PM company. And you're going to have to manage the managers, right? You can't just not do anything and say, hey, take care of my property. Manage the managers, okay? Construction. Key component on your renovations. When you're going to renovate larger property, as you know, I'm a licensed general contractor, so for me, I can call out people's bullshit, right? And contractors say, oh, it's, I'm like, okay, whatever. Yeah. Give me a break. Let me show you how to do it. And then I go do it. And they're like, oh, I'm like, yeah, that's how you do it. Okay. Don't bullshit me. All right. I'll call you out. I know what's going on. I know it doesn't cost that much. I know you can do it this way, this way, this way, and this way. There's efficiencies to it. Some people don't have that luxury. I'm happy to kind of help in any way I can. If you jump into our mentorship program, I'll coach you weekly on all that stuff and you can just blow questions at me and I'll tell you whether or not that's accurate or not because I am getting pretty good with this stuff, especially out of state too in local markets and knowing costs, where things should be, how much time it should take for X, Y, and Z, all the details and the nuances that go into it. So construction is very important in managing that. I come from a construction management and logistics background. So for me, construction logistics, boom, I can nail that all day long and white on rice. It's not a problem. It's very easy for my personality to get that stuff. For some people it's not. So PM companies, construction companies, the rest of your team, CPAs, bookkeepers, social media and video so you can attract investors, attract people into your sphere. Attorneys, critically important, insurance, that's your team. A lot of writing here, but don't worry about this. It's in the e-book. Download the e-book, it's free, it's part of this. It has all of this stuff. Just flip to it, go boom, boom, boom, due diligence, everything's in there, checklists, whole nine yards. But I wanted to kind of walk through this. This is the nuance of it. So I make this sense. It's a lot of info. Let's go to the next lesson. See you soon.