All right, so in the next lesson, let's talk about the biggest and baddest and the best, right, in my opinion, and how we do a lot of our investing in real estate, and that is through partnerships and syndication. And the best part about that is you can leverage everybody's talent, right? And it just allows you to get into big deals. When I say big deals, I'm talking 100 plus unit kind of apartment complexes throughout the country where you're talking 10, 20, 30, 40, $50 million deals through partnerships and syndications, where there's two aspects to it that you're going to get. You're going to get the normal cash flow, but then you're really going to get this upside potential through adding value to properties where the upside, both as a passive investor as well as an active investor and kind of the GP, and we'll get into that in a second, the benefits are the best in the world. Granted, there's more time that goes into it. There's more effort that goes into it. There's some greater risk, but it's risk adjusted at the end of the day because it's risk-adjusted returns, right? Greater risk, greater reward. So there's benefits and drawbacks, right? It's not as liquid, right? So because of that, you have to stay in the deals typically for three, five, seven plus years, but you're getting cash flow, you're getting distributions throughout that process, and then you're getting these big pops of money through either a refinance event, tax-free, or of course, profits from a sale when you cash out of the deal. So let's kind of get into that real quick and I'll show you kind of the partnership and syndication side of it. I'm going to give you an example of deals we're doing and how we've kind of structured them and see if it benefits for you. So let's go. Partnerships and syndication. Kind of go hand in hand in a way, right? Whether it's a JV partnership or syndication where a general partner going out and syndicating the deal as they call it where they going out and gathering money some of their own as well as syndicating with other investors to bring capital into the deal and then putting it all together So partnerships syndication So to kind of show you the structure go. So give you an example. Let's say there's a $100,000 deal going on as a passive investor. The typical capital stack that's going to go on in a deal like that, let's kind of show you how the partnership and syndication is going to work from a capital stack standpoint. Okay. You're going to have a general partner, right? And then you're going to have limited partners. Typically a couple of different classes of shares. These are private, right? SEC regulated, but private offerings as a Reg D filing through the SEC is either a 506C, little details for you, or 506B offerings, right? You can read into some of the details on that, but that's kind of the different classifications. There's class A's and stuff as well, but for simplicity, Let's say it's a 506C offering, reg defiling, whereby you have a general partner and you have a limited partner. Limited partner or passive, right? It could be you. You say, hey, I trust you guys. I'm gonna give you 100 grand. I'm gonna be the limited partner whereby we're gonna bring in 90% of the equity. We're gonna get a vast majority of the deal, okay? And then we're gonna kind of step back and allow you guys to run the show and just give me my checks, right? But we trust you to run it. I don't wanna deal with it, but I just wanna collect mailbox money. And then I want my profits and everything that come from the sales and refis and tax benefits and all those things, but you guys run it. I got my day job. And that's typically where the limited partner comes in. Class A shares, right? Let's say it was a $10 million deal, for example. They'd bring in 9 million. We'd bring in a million of our own cash as the general partner, right? Class B shares. We bring in 10 of the equity 90 comes from the limited partners And then we go out and we get a loan right for a certain amount of money as well for a certain percentage maybe 60 70 80 debt right and then we come in with the rest being equity right So to give you a perfect example, if we had, say, on this last one, it was a $35 million deal, okay, we had a $20 to $22 million loan, right around 60 to 65% loan to cost, and then we brought in about $12 to $14 million in total equity, right? Of which the limited partners were about 13 of it, right? And we were about 1.4 million, right? Because if it was 14 million, we were bringing in about 1.4, give or take about 13 that way-ish, right? And that's how that one shaked up. So that's how the partnership's typically gonna work, right? Where you'll have a general partnership, which could be one, two, or three different people, right? To give you an example. So the general partners on this last deal, for example, were obviously myself, Christopher Polly, George Brew, great guy, Rudy Medina, and then Richard Simis. And this made up the general partnership. And then we went out and we syndicated with several different investors on the limited partnership that gave us checks, but didn't want to deal with the day-to-day. We run the operations. We run everything. You trust us to do it. We're giving you updates, distribute, all that stuff happens. And you sit back and collect checks, right? And get your money to work for you and scale it. So that's how that works. But that's kind of the general partnership side of it, okay? All right, let's say someone was bringing in 100 grand, right? We kind of break out and show you estimated projected annual returns. You get a preferred return. What that means is it a return that comes out to you as investors as a limited partner first okay It kind a minimum base return before there any profit splits between general partner and limited partner between GP and LP So preferred return. Then you got average cash on cash returns that are projected equity multiples, meaning, hey, if I give you a hundred grand, what do I get back? So in this case, you'd expect, say, 200 grand back for $100,000 invested-ish. And then you get, obviously, depreciation bonuses through the cost segregation, accelerated depreciation as well, that aren't really even calculated into these numbers. That's a bonus. But it gives you projected cash flows. As a limited partner, as you're going through the deal. But that's how the partnerships and syndications are put together. You have a general partnership. You have limited partners that are the passive investors. And then we, as the general partner, we're the ones signing on the loans. We're the one taking all the risk. We're the one operating it from an asset management, property management, and construction management, all that stuff. We're basically running the entire show. And you, as a limited partner, sit back, watch it, get updates, right? Allow your money to grow, okay? And then at the end of the day, you're getting distributions in addition to the profits, right? And refi events and all those things that happen throughout the course of an investment. So that's how the partnerships and syndications work. That's how a lot of the major multifamily is done. Unless you're into big funds or big REITs, right? And other things that we discussed earlier and different ways to do it, there's a plethora. but you can go in there and you can do it yourself, which is how we started. We controlled it with all our own money. We are 100% of the deal and that's great, but you're going to run out of your own money at some point and then you need to scale. And that's where you can get into things like REITs. You can get into CrowdStreet and crowdfunding and all that stuff as well. And then you of course get into syndications and partnerships like this. And those are the main ways to do it if you're looking to invest in real estate. So I hope this makes sense. Let's go on to the next module.