All right, guys, in the next lesson, let's talk about working with brokers and how best to do it to get them to kind of build that relationship and trust with you to then be able to kind of consider you when they're talking to their clients, their sellers, when you come onto the table and say, hey, we're going to award this guy in this group, the deal versus so-and-so, right? And why would they work with you? So first and foremost is resume. And this is kind of goes back to that thing of, hey, go big, go home. No. And the reason why it's really tough is because of the resume and the lack thereof. And unless you're partnered with somebody that trusts you and they have the resume, either you have the resume or they have the resume, but somebody's got to have the resume. Because if nobody has the resume, best of luck. Okay, best of luck working in that kind of big boy pants world. You're going to start, you'll do the two to four just fine. You can even do five to 10 unit space just fine. Once you start getting above that into the 20, 30, 50 plus unit space, it's still kind of mom and pop-ish, but you're definitely going to start to deal with, hey, Who are these people? What are their transactions? Where's your resume? How many deals you've done? Where are you done, Matt? Blah, blah, blah. They're going to dive into the weeds on you before they're going to award you an opportunity on a larger type multifamily complex. So you have the resume or somebody else does. Somebody's going to have a track record that you're going to have to prove, typically, to be able to get a deal. Because the brokers at the end of the day, guys, they're just like anybody. They want to make sure that they don look like a you to their client If your deal gets awarded to you that they not having to go out and go oh gosh these guys blew up they didn make it happen blah blah blah right They wanna make sure you can close. You can't control markets, things happen in markets, but as long as all that's in line, they wanna make sure you're gonna be able to pull through, raise the equity, pull down the debt, close the escrow. So that's how you're gonna work with them to prove that to them, and the resume's the best way to do it. Terminology. You have to learn the terminology. And this is kind of where a course like this comes in. We're going to talk about certain things, just the lingo, questions to ask, things to say. They just want to understand that you understand how the game's played. So understanding that in your conversations with them is the terminology. You can kind of fake it until you make it a little bit. So I'll give you some of that info, but then you've got to really dive in and have partners and people and things involved where, once again, resume. What's been going on. You've done this, you haven't done this, and if you haven't, you need to be with somebody that has. And then you've got to take a little bit of a back seat and make sure that they have that kind of resume on the table that you can lean on and learn from and mentor through so that we can get through your first two deals or first three deals and then you're like, oh gosh, okay, I get it now. And now you can kind of start to direct that ship a little bit more yourself. So terminology, very important. We'll get into that kind of in this course. There's other courses for it, but very, very, very important. Touring deals. So in the beginning let me give you a perfect example when we were looking to expand out of state into say Kansas City Missouri or into Texas right I flying out there I usually doing six to eight months in advance reconnaissance on the ground setting up all the infrastructure the systems logistics meeting brokers touring deals knowing full well we not going to execute anything But what happens when I tour that deal? How are you doing, Mr. Broker, Mrs. Broker, whatever it is? Thanks so much. I appreciate your time. I've learned a little bit of the terminology. I talk a little bit about my resume, our group's resume, build the relationship. So it's all networking. It's all connections. It's all a little bit more of that old school approach versus, hey, here's a property. I submit an offer and, okay, I don't really know you that well. Let's accept it. It's not how it works in the commercial space. It's much more in tune because there's only so many players that are playing big ball. They need to know who you are. They need to know you can execute. And that comes through relationships and time. So tour the deals even though you have no plans to write on them. And yes, you're wasting their time a little bit, but it's building the relationship. And I did that probably for like five or six deals. I toured the deals with all the different types of brokers in that market, got to know them personally, right? They got to hear me speak, get to know me a little bit, get to know a little bit about our group, who we are, took some time, build the relationships, you know, look at some deals, maybe even submit some letters of intent that you have no intent on them actually getting them executed on But they need to see your movement in the marketplace and you ready to go right So there all these kind of things in the beginning that you may need to play with but touring the deals getting to know the brokers getting them to see you and know you so you can begin to work with them and start to establish that rapport. It just takes time. It just takes time. So conferences. I ended up going to a handful of multifamily conferences throughout the country and throughout different areas and getting to know these brokers and people because people know people, the people that know people, the people that know people. Okay. Very, very, very important. And so you may go to a conference in San Diego and you're looking at deals in, say, Texas. Oh, yeah, I know John out there. He's the broker in the San Antonio market or in Austin or in Dallas or in Houston. I'll connect you with him, right? So he's with another brokerage here in San Diego. I'll connect you with him out there. You guys can talk. I know you're looking for deals. Boom, boom, boom. Things start to come through the email channels and the connection channels through that. So networking and conferences go hand in hand. Go to some of the events. Be around some of the people. It's very, very important. These are all steps you need to take to begin to learn how to work with brokers so they can like and trust you. All they want to know is can you close the deal? Have you closed the deal? Don't make me look like a you-know-what. That is ultimately, at the end of the day, what it comes down to. And if you can hit on those, it'll make sense. So we're going to go to the next lesson where we're going to talk about questions you should ask when you're touring properties, when you're talking to brokers, and things you should do so that way you kind of know what you're talking about and it seems like you know what you're talking about. And you get those questions in place, and that way the broker, you're going to build that rapport. Okay? Let's go. Bye.