Hi there, Justin Brennan. So on to the next lesson, the ways to invest in real estate. There are a few of them, right? And this is important because it'll kind of determine which direction you take. In many cases, like ourselves, we invest in a few different ways, not just one where we're fully controlling it and it's just us and maybe you do some passive stuff. So I'll kind of show you the different ways, the benefits and drawbacks at each. But the first one is doing it yourself. So the first one is obviously to do it yourself. To give you a perfect example, let's take, this was our first deal actually, first multifamily deal I should say, four unit deal in National City in San Diego. With this one in particular, we bought it for about $425,000 at the time, put in about a hundred and something thousand of our own money and then we property managed it ran it did all that stuff I was both the broker and the property manager at the time kind of ran the whole operations My business partner supplied the capital with our investor at that time It was just us and then our own investment capital and then we pulled down the loan. So it was just us, we did it ourselves. That's option one. Now, benefits to that is you're in 100% control, 100% of everything. The bad news is you're gonna run out of your own money at some point. So there's good and bad to that, but that got us started. And I always recommend, regardless of your situation where you're at is to own some of your own fully, but then also expand out, scale your money and syndicate and partner with others or go into some REITs and some other crowdfunding sources and some other ways to kind of scale your money, diversification if you want to call it that, where you're not in full control, but you do trust the people you're dealing with. So this was the case where we pretty much did this one all on our own. It ended up doing great. We sold this thing for about a million one, right? Six years later, took all that capital. And now we then syndicated and partnered out of state. And that's a few of the other ways we're going to get into in the next part of this lesson. So let's go.