All right, how you doing in the next lesson? So let's talk about how you identify a property that is a good one for you to kind of take to the next level from kind of a 10,000 foot level and dive deeper into the financials and really underwrite it and make it a good opportunity for you to go after. So some key components to identifying a great property. We've all heard of the first one a million times. Real estate, real estate, real estate, right? Location, location, location. You've heard it a million times, but it is very true. Meaning when you drive up to the property, You're driving through the neighborhood as you approach the property. How does it make you feel? That instinctual feeling is going to give you that curb appeal to the location, to the neighborhood. As you're kind of driving through, pay attention. We'll drive down a street. We'll drive down an area. Things that we're looking for just to kind of give you some feeling for a minute. Let's take one of the most recent deals in Kansas City or even in Texas. We want that property segmented within a general area of single-family homes. We want it abutting a single-family home neighborhood or nearby. I don't want that 200-unit complex or 100-unit or 50-unit or 20-unit stuck in the middle of a commercial zone or an industrial zone where there's no buffer, there's no parks, there's no single-family off to the side, there's no kind of mixed-in kind of other for-sale product and other things around the area. I want that multifamily stuck in the middle of a residential zone whereby properties around it, they may not be an apartment complex, but maybe they're a townhome for sale product. Maybe they're buffered by single family around the area. She'll notice pretty much all the properties we buy, they're abutted by single family neighborhoods. And there's a reason for that. There's a reason for that because of that, you're going to get some demographics, some ideas, and things that are going on that are going to help that property boost and appreciate over time and not sit just in a major commercial zone. on top of that crime and other things, right? Kids families schools other things that kinda come around that when you have that zoning in place So that number one The other thing you going to look for is path of progress meaning where the development for that city and that location coming by Is it far away? Are there other things that are universities? Are there student housing? Are there other dynamics in that area that are going to help growth, right, outside of your traditional growth in that path of progress and redevelopment that's coming on through the community? Really, really, really important. So location, location, location. how is it when you drive in? We'll drive down the street, literally, and we'll count the bars on the windows. Right? I don't know. You're like, what? Yes, we will count the bars on the windows. And if there are more bars than not, that's a problem. We'll also see the property and tour the property at different times of the day. We'll go in the morning. We'll go in the midday. We'll go in the evening. We'll go on the weekday and weekend. I want to see how that property, when we're really getting into the due diligence side of it, how does that property really sit and how are the demographics, how's the neighborhood? Because listen, it doesn't matter how much you value out of property, how much you push the rents and try and do all this great renovation stuff on the property. If you can't get people to live there because they're scared to death to live there, then it's completely irrelevant. Location, location, location. People will pay for it. And then more importantly, you can sell it later. It's really, really, really important. this piece of it, guys. How does it make you feel when you drive up to it? How's the neighborhood? How's the path of progress? Does it abut single family, generally speaking, parks and other kind of things around the zones? And what's going on with it dynamically and around the areas? That location is going to tell you a lot. People, property management staff, maintenance staff, Tenant base. That makes up the people. All three of those. Property management staff the maintenance staff and the demographics of the tenant base When you going in there and you taking a gonna how does it make you feel How are the tenants are they moving in and out pretty quickly Are they kind of transient base where they in and out and not staying? I mean, are they students, are they professionals? Are they this or that? I mean, what is the tenant demographic, right? And the basis for the tenants? Where are they getting their jobs? How far are the jobs away? Who's the main employers? All these little things about the people, the property management staff, how excited are they? How do they greet you when you walk into their leasing center or you're going to talk to the property management company? How do they handle marketing? What kind of property management software? That's kind of the processes, right? What kind of property management software? How do they handle work orders? What kind of reports are you going to get? When do you get them? How often do you get them? Are they per week? Are you going to have your owner's calls once a week? Are they once a month, once a quarter? How's that all going to go down? So this is really, really important from the people to the processes. How's that thing going to get managed? and what are the processes for managing it? How is it currently being managed and how can you change it and improve it if it's not there? A lot of times when you take over a multifamily building, you're gonna fire these people and you're gonna change these. Nine times out of 10. Not always, but nine times out of 10, you're gonna fire the staff and bring in new staff and you're gonna update and improve the processes, right? To add the value from an operational standpoint to these two areas. You can't change the location. It is what it is. So that's really, really, really important, number one. And then you get into these steps. And then lastly, who's your competitors? You got to drive the comps. You got to get boots on the ground. You can do everything you want on a computer screen and get all the data as you're kind of online. But get boots on the ground, walk the neighborhoods, get the comps, get real good feels for things. And how are things moving and shaking in that neighborhood around there? Where are things trending at? What's going on? You got to really know your comps and what are they doing to add value? What are they doing to incentivize tenants to come in are they giving concessions not concessions Are they doing this or are they not doing that You gotta know your comps you gotta know your competitors you gotta drive them feel them see them really really really important So location people processes and comps That's how you identify a property. Okay, once you've got the market down, that's how you identify a property. More importantly, for us, and this is not always the case, we wanna see unit mix with more two bedrooms than ones. Basically more two bedrooms than anything else. We want at least a 50-50. But ideally, we'd like to see 55 plus percent, two bedrooms in the complex, and then everything else another way. And that's just because we know we can push the delta on a value add typically greater on a two bedroom than we can for a one or a studio. Just because when you have two bedrooms, two people can live in there. Other families can live in there. You can push the rents and they can collectively kind of team up and pay that rent. So it's easier to get those kind of demographics in place to be able to push those two bedrooms higher and higher and higher from a revenue standpoint down the road once you're doing the value add process. And we know statistically speaking, those more two bedrooms are going to be more an attractive property in general, right, for down the road and then when you're selling it to a back end buyer down the road as well. So that's kind of the things we're looking for on that aspect, the comps and identifying things. But unit mixes, other things that we look for, we'd like to be within driving distance of elementary schools, high schools, community parks, YMCAs. Obviously, your job base is very, very important. How far are they having to drive and where is kind of the employment bases around there? That's a key component as well. So that's really the things when you're looking for identifying properties. So that's how you get the property. Now we're going to get into the out-of-state processes that you need to follow if you're looking to grow. and you're going from your home base out of state how do you manage it logistically there's a lot of things involved so that's the next lesson let's go