Hey, how are you? Justin Brennan here. So I want to walk you through how to submit a deal in the back end of your portal when you're ready to do that and the underwriting so you can review deals. So you're going to come in here, the back end, it's going to be under the submit deals for review section in your portal. Come in there, it's going to have instructions here for you, the email to submit it to, which is support at multifamilyschool.com. And you're going to want to include these four pieces of information, which is the OM. It's like a property marketing flyer or a set of pages that the broker puts together. It's like their marketing package on the deal. Sometimes it's a page. Sometimes it's 10. Sometimes it's 20 pages. I don't know. Usually an OM, some kind of marketing piece that's going to have some pieces of information on it. Number two is the rent roll. Sometimes that is on the OM or within that package. Other times it's separate. Either way, you want to ask and request that. Number three, the profit and loss statement on the property for the last 12 months. That's called a T12, time 12. T12, profit and loss for the last 12 months. That's going to be submitted as well. in Excel usually or PDF, but ideally Excel in your email. And then a completed underwriting of the property in your deal analyzer. You can use the one in your portal, or if you have one that you're more comfortable with, totally fine. Please submit that in Excel. So those four things are going to go in the email. It's going to go to support at multifamilyschool.com, put the property address as well as deal for review in the subject. We'll put that in here for instructions. And that way, when we get it, we can help underwrite and look at that thing alongside you pretty quickly and respond back, respond back. And we'll do the exact same thing for LOIs, which are offers on properties you're going to make. So we can review some of that letter of intent LOI information for you as well. And it's all going to be done right here in the back end of the section. So hope this makes sense. Any questions, reach out to the team via email or text message. And we're here for you. And we will see you at the live coaching calls. Take care.