All right. Beautiful, beautiful. Happy Thursday. We'll let everybody kind of come on in here for just a minute, and then we'll get everything going. A couple things are going to happen today. Number one, we're going to go through a deal, analyze it, and then I'm going to be putting a task and homework to everybody on the call today for you to do simulation, calling the broker, all this stuff. I'm going to give you an example of what happened with another student who's a one-on-one. He did put that task from last week, executed, and I'll give you the results. What I'd like to see you do this week as well, and that way for this next week's call, we can go over a lot of the stuff. So we'll wait just a minute, and then we'll get going. Thank you. Okay. All right. Well, everybody shout out and say hi. Where's everybody chiming in from today? Looks like we got some West Coasters in here. Awesome, Don. Hope you're doing well. And then Jamal and everybody else. Awesome. East Coast, Georgia. Beautiful. Florida, Texas, Midwest. How about Kansas City? I just came back from Kansas City. I was taking a look at a couple of our deals. that are out there and beautiful weather. And then, of course, then it dropped like 13 degrees the day I was leaving. I mean, if you don't like the weather in the Midwest, just wait 15 minutes and it may change. So awesome. So let me give you some backstory so you can get an idea of what we're going to be doing today. And then I want what you to be doing for the next week in the programming so you can kind of get some movement here. So one of the mentees, we were going over actually this particular deal. And I said, we got through it and we analyzed, okay, this is where the offer needs to be. This is what it's going to be. And I said, listen, this deal is not going to happen. That's not the point. I said, but what I want you to do is simulate the process, which we've just done. Like we found the deal, right? Step one, right? Find the deal. We did that. We went ahead and analyzed it. Right. We did that. Now we got to go through and start the process to see if we can get the deal. So I had him put together a letter of intent offer and call the broker first. Talk to the broker and say, hey, I'm interested in the property. Took a look at it. Had a few questions for you, which you might ask answering those questions. So he went through the questions. The broker, she answered them. And he said, great. Well, I'm going to maybe sending you over an offer this week. Any questions, let me know. But I'll call you after I send it over and go through some things. So and what you're going to find out when we analyze this thing, we're going to go over this particular deal, is they're asking a million eight and some change. And that's pie in the sky. OK, because when you walk through the financials, it just doesn't work. So that's the beauty about this type of deal is it's not a love fest. It doesn't work financially or does it doesn't? And you just keep going. So you put in decent assumptions and then you got to go. So we found out about a million six is really what this property is worth in today's market, given the interest rate environment. If the interest rate environment were different, the deal would probably work at what they're asking. But because of that, it doesn't. It just goes to show you the difference in a few percentage points in the interest rate. It's drastic. So, of course, he sends it over. The broker is like, what do you know? And then, but I said, you got to be prepared. And I kind of gave him the game plan of exactly how it's going to go down. And it went down exactly as I said it would. And then they had a conversation and the broker's like, why would you offer this low? And I said, well, you know, man, like, can I show you the financials? Like you have it here, but answer a few questions here. And then they walk through it. At the end of the day, she's like, well, yeah, okay. Yeah. Well, the seller's not going to accept that. I totally understand. but this is what the seller's properties were based on the financials. So if you want to give a seller financing, if you want to increase the rents another few hundred dollars a month per unit, if you want to reduce your expenses, which you can't do because they are what they are, then maybe we're talking a different ballgame. But as it is stands right now, this property produces X and these are the numbers. And so this is what it's worth. And so that's where they took it. But he went through the simulation of that process. And so I'm going to put this on you to do the exact same thing. Similar to what we're going to do this morning, I want you to take a deal. You're going to analyze it. You're going to send us the numbers because we analyze all of our students' numbers to kind of give them an idea of, hey, this is right. This is wrong. You know, don't do this. Do this. We double check them, especially on your first couple of deals. Just that way you feel comfortable. Same thing with going through the escrow. We go through the escrow with you. so that way you're not making any big money stupid mistakes as you go through the escrow to close escrow on it and then we help you align the property management companies once you get to that point right now some of you you're just still in the learning phase and we're trying to get you into that first deal so this is going to help you do that i need you to go through this simulation so that way now you can copy paste repeat over and over again and eventually you'll get a deal it's going to make some sense right now you may not okay so we're going to go and go through this one and I'm going to show you. And then the next step would be writing a letter of intent, getting the offer going, talking to the broker and all that stuff. So I'm going to kind of step off screen briefly, but that way we can go through this deal. Awesome. Can you see this on your screen? Okay. Just put in the chat, yes or no. okay perfect perfect awesome okay so this property is a seven unit deal it's in phoenix arizona nice little turnkey asset that's fully remodeled which is great they're going to get a premium for that because they've done the remodeling and so they've gotten the premium rents and it's going to be very little of any kind of improvements you know from your front but that's in some ways it's It's good, so it's really an operational game. This owner has got in there, they got new tenants in at the highest rents, they got the market rents, they got it renovated, everything's awesome. So you don't have to guess about where things are gonna be, they're telling you where it's at. So it's simply operations. Does it make sense or does it not So seven unit fully remodeled you can kind of go through the operating memorandum that gives you all the photos giving you info about the property Obviously they have projected price here, all that stuff, which they're out of their mind. But anyhow, we'll go ahead and go through this. And I want you to take note here. I need you to take note. When you're buying smaller apartment deals, the price per unit sometimes tends to be higher than if you were buying a bigger one. See how they're putting in here a $260,000 a unit right now in the Phoenix market for a property of this caliber, right? Where it's 19, well, they see 1947, 1985. That means they had some remodel and add-ons, but let's call it a 1970 property, hypothetically, for a minute. This thing should be selling somewhere in like the 155 to maybe 200,000 a unit range in Phoenix. Okay. But they're pushing it up to this. Okay. It doesn't work, but just so you understand when you're looking at it, when you get comfortable with markets, you start to notice these things. Okay. Because if I went in there and bought a 30 unit deal or 25 or 30 or 40 unit deal in Phoenix that were similar to this, I'd probably be paying 225,000 a door. Because the bigger you go, the price per unit is going to likely start to level out and drop down. So what they're trying to do is sell this thing as like a home. And it's just, it doesn't work. The financials don't work. But in any event, we're going to go through it. I'm going to show you where the property does work financially. Okay. Okay, I'm just looking at that. Oh, that's for the market. Gotcha. So scrolling down through here, just going through all the photos and all the features and stuff of the property. We're going to get to the aerial. So I went through this last night with the student and I tried to show him the goods and bads. OK, so I said, this is a great location. And he's like, why? I said, well, what do you see? And he said, well, I see a property on the street and then I see other homes around. I said, boom. I said, you see homes. I said, you have a multifamily building, seven units surrounded by other single family and some lower density multifamily. But you don't have like massive commercial around you. So there was another property we were looking at that was a 10 unit. location-wise was on a main drag, which was fine, but it was surrounded by industrial, some junkyards, a bunch of commercial properties. You want to be multifamily surrounded ideally within a single family zone or a residential zone. Because right behind it, you see a nice little apartment complex. That's great. Not a problem. This is a hotel. Fine. But then you see you're mixed in with all of these single families. That's great. That's what you want to be. What you don't want to be is have this back up to a junkyard and or an industrial warehouse or some other weird stuff, commercial assets, gas stations, liquor stores, smoke shops, all that stuff. So that's a key component when you're looking at stuff like this, just FYI. So from a location standpoint, those are the things you want to look for. So nice turnkey property. They've done a great job with the rentals. Nothing wrong there. The asset itself is great. It's scrolling through there. You got some comps and all that stuff. We're going to get into the financials here in just a minute. Nice property. Here's your unit mix. Here's the current one bedrooms. You got the studio down here, square footages, rents price per foot they're getting, current rents and market rents. So they are maxed out. They're getting market rents, which is great, but that means there's not a lot of room to move other than normal growth in the market. Okay. Let's keep scrolling down, looking at it, looking at it, showing you some basic financials. I'm going to get into some more detailed ones here in just a minute. Expenses, we'll get into our pro forma in just a minute. Obviously, the offer price we know is full of hot air. Rent growth, assumptions, pet rent, stuff like that, that's fine. We'll use those for now. And then you get into projections. Okay, current, year two, year three, year four, year five of the deal, right? And year six. I'm just kind of showing you income and expenses, Income and expenses, okay? So scroll down here a little bit more. So in any event. Now we're gonna take this data and we're gonna plug it into our pro forma. I'm gonna show you that here in just a minute. I've already started plugging in some numbers. Let me get some of it in here real quick and then I'll share it on the screen. One second. Stand by. Putting in the insurance right now. I'm going to switch and share the screen. One second. All right. Here we go. Let me go on to the Performa. and make sure the screen you can see is pretty good. I'm going to zoom up a bit so you can view it a little bit better. 150. So I'm just plugging in these numbers now here in the expenses, current and then projected, right? So coming through here, let me come through the maintenance and repairs. that's 1750 which is way low but it's okay I'm gonna go ahead and put in here another thousand bucks per turn they don't have anything in there right now but I'll put it in their utilities 3600 contract services wait what do they got water shooter okay my bad $5,500 for that. Seems high. We'll see. Marketing, I'm going to zero that out. You really don't need that. Zero that out. We're going to do an 8% management fee on a small deal like that. Hold on. Un momento. Seems really high. 250 on your reserves. We're going to do here at 5%. We'll do that at 5%. Other income We going to do this I think it was at 8 Yeah Okay. Making sure we got our totals in here. General and admin, we got to get that out of there. I'm going to plug these guys in here. These are the same. So they have about twenty four thousand dollars in operating expenses. I have about twenty seven thousand because they don't have reserves in there and they don't have any turnover cost. So I'm adding that in. And that way we have our expenses. Beautiful. Does this make sense so far? Chime in in the chat. Awesome. Okay. So with this now plugged in, I already plugged in the revenue numbers. I did that before we came on here. So you got the studios and the one bedrooms, right? All their market rents, their square footages, and then performer rents or market rents here, current rents here, they're the same because the property is renovated, it's ready to go. It's pretty much an operational game. And then I added in the expenses. I went ahead and up here and added in some loan terms. So I put up here the purchase price, 35% down, seven unit property, $25,000 and kind of some capital going in the door for any kind of repairs, basic stuff, you know, capital for operations, stuff like that, just to get the thing going. Lot size, closing costs, all of that. Okay. So we have our loan in place here. And then we have our expenses here. So now we come down here to the data and current. This is what it looks like. Okay. $116,000 gross income. We're taking out vacancy, adding in some other income for the pet rent they have in here. They have pet rent. They have reimbursables for utilities and a couple other income items. That gets us to our operating income. Then we take out our expenses, right, which are the expenses from over here. We're taking those out. They come here. That gets us $91,000 in net operating income. Now you've got to take out your loan. You're paying your loan servicing payment. It has to come out. So now your DCR is 1.1. That doesn't work, clearly, because that cash flow is nothing. You might as well not even show up. So now the question becomes, okay, can we reduce expenses? No, those are pretty low. If anything, they're too low. Can we increase revenue? Yeah, it's telling us no. I mean, she's already got market rents, and she's pushing it. So not really. Can we adjust the loan terms? Not in the market. If anything, this is the best you're going to get. You may get higher. Who knows? The next thing to go is this. You start adjusting price. 1,000,000,000. Let's put 40% down versus 35. Let's see where things go here. You want to keep your loan amount above $1,000,000. The reason why you want to keep your loan amount above $1,000,000 is because that's where you're going to get the best rate in terms. You could go out and get a Freddie or Fannie loan on this thing, which would give you the best interest rates closer to this right now. OK, under a million dollars, your loan options get smaller and tighter. Just FYI. So at a million seven purchase price, 40 percent down, everything else being equal. We're getting closer. Because this thing needs to be at least one point two five, one point two five on your debt coverage ratio. Okay. So we still couldn't get a loan. Like we wouldn't even get a loan. And our cash on cash and our returns are horrible. Right. So you wouldn't do it anyways. Let me come in here real quick. I'm going to adjust some things. Gotcha. We're going to do 3%, 3%, 3%, 3%. Gotcha. Vacancy loss, we're too high here. It needs to be 5, 5, 5, 5, 5. And we're going to use a 6% cap rate because that's about what it's going in the market there right now. Okay. So, yeah, this thing's horrible. I mean, would you invest in this if you got a 3% return? No. So, yeah, it's out of control still. So, we got to go down. We're going to do 35% down. Yeah, I mean, it makes it rough. Unless we can come in here and boost some things, it makes it rough. And the only way this works is if you got a 6% interest rate, the thing would work. See how interest rates make such a big difference like that? Now our coverage is there, right? We're getting decent returns. This thing you could probably push down into a 5 cap rate by the time you sell it years from now. So I could come over here and rather than a 6%, I go to a 5% cap rate. Now I'm getting into the low teens on my returns, which starts to make some sense. So point being, point being with this is you can see with the analyzing this thing, we know where we need to buy it at. Unfortunately, the market's not allowing that, which is crazy. So and they've way underwritten this property the wrong way. You have a list of the million 825. I mean, they're smoking some good, good juju. Whatever they are. And I don't you know, I don't know if it's just brokers don't know or they don't care. They just put it on. I mean, I just don't know how they think this even thing remotely pencils. I mean, they throw so much hot air on their numbers. This is why you have to trust Verify and you go through it. So what I want you to do. Is the exact same thing coming up this week, and I'm going to follow up and I'm going to have our team follow up with each of you that are in the mentorship. and I'm going to send out an email too, because it would really be nice if you guys want to start doing this, if you're kind of hung up and stopped and plugged and you can't go any farther, we want to make you get that leap this year, right? It's really important. But the way you're going to start doing this is you got to analyze some deals and you have to go through the simulation of the process of analyzing it. You found it on Crexie.com. You've analyzed it. You put it together. Now you're going to write a letter of intent to the broker. And if you go into the videos and the modules that we show you how to do that. And you can send us over your LOIs. We have the whole process, send over for review and we review back with you. Okay, so you fill it out, you send it over, Justin team what do you guys think We review it send you back the response typically in 24 hours And then that way from your numbers to your letter of intent to the whole process that you talking with the broker to the process oh my gosh we went into escrow like that whole thing How do you handle that? We're going to walk you through and hold your hand the entire process, especially the first couple of deals. It's critical. So that way you'll learn. Right. It's going to be an exponential growth for you. And once you have that process lined up and you're like, OK, this isn't so scary anymore, then you can start to execute. OK, really, really important. So in this particular deal, it does not work, but it's not the point. The point is simulating it and going through. To see where it would work. So that way you can now conversate with the broker, because here here's how it plays out and it's how it plays out for for him that went through this. sent the letter of intent over at this price asking a million eight million five the broker almost crapped their pants like but it teed up the conversation and he remained calm and they had a conversation and she's like and he's like well look i've underwritten the deal let me show you my numbers and you tell me where i'm going wrong and by the end of the conversation she couldn't tell him where he was going wrong because his numbers were actually realistic within the market. She tried to, you know, confront some of those numbers. He's like, no, this is how, come on, you know these numbers are decent. The seller's not going to accept it, but I'm just trying to show you where it's going to work. And of course, but now he made a relationship with the broker because now he's like, listen, this isn't going to work, but if the seller comes to reality, fine, we're here. But if not, if you have other deals off market, you see where I'm going with this? On to off, on to off. I keep preaching this. The only way you're getting to these deals is you have to use the on, leverage the on-market stuff to get to the off-market stuff. On to the off, on to the off. And this is how you do it. This is how you do it. Because now he made the relationship with the broker. Now, any future deals before they hit this correct scene loop net and all these sites, now he's going to get first look at them to maybe make a deal prior. Make something happen prior. That's what you want because that's where you move the needle. But you have to leverage the on to get to that. And you'll never get there unless you do this and do this method in the way we teach. Any questions on any of this stuff? Okay, beautiful. Well, this is really what I wanted to cover today. It doesn't need to be a long class, but I wanted to showcase this. And then if you have questions on it, you know, reach out to us. But your homework, all of your guys, your homework for this week, get online, analyze a couple deals. Even if you're in a bad market like L.A. or some other markets that are tougher, New York or whatever it is, fine. Still analyze it. Find out where it does make sense. where you're getting somewhere between 4% to 8% cash on cash when you're looking at your metrics on your Performa, 4% to 8% cash on cash, somewhere in the 12% to 15% range on your internal rate of return when you look at your metrics at the bottom of the Performa. Once you start to hit that, you're playing ball with all the other things being equal. To use this, go through it, use the videos we have that show you how to use the pro forma. If you have questions, obviously we've underwritten tons of deals here in the classworks, but if you want to just watch another video, you can, but this is a good, good process to go through. Simulate the process, go through it. So that way next week, I'm going to start calling on some of you to walk through your deals, but send them to us. I mean, we're going to be reaching out to you to see where you're at with it, but underwrite some deals. You're going to talk to the brokers. We're going to write some LOIs. We're going to go through the process knowing full well it likely isn't going to work, but I need you to go through the simulation, and that way we can learn from the process. Make sense? Beautiful. Any questions before we sign off here? Come up around 30 minutes. A little shorter class today, but it gives you a really great chance of kind of seeing what we're trying to do so you have homework for next week. So one question coming in now is, what if the broker won't talk to you? Okay. They'll talk to you. If you have an offer for them, they'll talk to you, but it's all about how you present and, you know, be respectful and all that stuff. And that way, you kind of have some clout and you can talk. Question for you, would it make sense? because I was thinking about doing this, filming, me filming myself, having calls with the brokers and recording those calls and then putting them in the portal for you so you can have two or three examples of how calls maybe should go and how the process should go in those calls. Would that make sense for me to do that for all of you? Okay, awesome. Okay. Yeah. Beautiful. Then we will do that. Yeah. I will record a few instances of me talking with the brokers and going through a few of these deals. So that way some lingo and you'll kind of hear some banter back and forth and kind of what to expect. That way it's not so foreign would make some sense. So. Another question coming in. So, yes, on your LOI template, you have that template in your portal. It's a Word document, letter of intent. Download that. We've done classes where we've filled those out before. You'll see everything highlighted in there that you actually change, such as property address, price, and some of the terms and stuff like that. But go through some of the past videos we've recorded, too, on the classes, because they're labeled in there, letter of intent, writing an offer and stuff. But yeah, that way, once again, use us. That's why we're here. And our team is here. So you download it, fill it out, send it to us via email because our emails are in the portal for you. We will review it for you and send you our feedback on this is great, not great. Adjust this, do this. So that way you're not having to fumble through it. We will get you the answers. Then same thing on your analysis. When you analyze a deal, send it to us. We're going to review it and we're going to give you, hey, this is good, not good. Change this, do this. You made some mistakes here you didn't hear. Awesome. OK, that way you're going through the simulation and then the calling the same thing and the follow up. And then once you get to a point where you're in escrow, we're going to handhold you through the escrow like we're doing with several of the students. So that way you're going through all this process of stuff. You don't feel so on an island because your first one or two are going to seem, oh, my gosh, I get it. But once you get through it and you have us as your partner literally handholding you, that's the route to go. So beautiful. All right, everyone. Well, thank you very much. Nobody has any other questions. Great class. Hope this was helpful. And let's do some simulations this next week. We're going to follow up with everybody, okay? Awesome. Take care.