All right, guys, the last lesson in this quick little crash course, and then we may have some bonuses for you. So now you already got your first deal. You figured out the money side of things. We have the operations and logistics in place, and you've kind of grown a little portfolio locally in your municipality or where you're from in your own backyard. And now you know, you're like, man, I'm ready to go. We're ready to go out of state, out of area, nationwide, baby. How do we do it? And I'll be honest with you, it stopped us for a good two years doing it because I was scared to death and I didn't, you know, because I'm such an analytical control freak that I was like, I don't know how to control something out of my area, out of something that's not my backyard. I can't drive to and see every day. I can't have cameras. I was freaking out. Like, how do I do this? How do people do this, right? When you're going, you're going to take that leap from a little company locally and doing deals and sourcing them locally. And now you're going to go kind of more of the big time into other areas, other states, other cities. How do you do it? How do you set it up? How do you make sure it runs smooth because you're dealing with bigger money, bigger deals, and I don't want to lose money. I don't want to make a lot of big mistakes with a lot of zeros behind them. How do you do this and set it up right? Great questions. All things I went through as we kind of grew from kind of where we're at to, you know, we went from, we had about 25, just to give you an idea, We had about 25 units locally in San Diego. And then we were ready to go. And how did we go from 25 units to where we're at at 105 units and then where we're going at 1,000 plus units and then ultimately at 10,000 plus units, which is stage four of our business plan, overall BHAG goal, big, hairy, audacious goal plan. But 25 to 105 units, we had to go out of state because California, too expensive, numbers didn't pencil, cap rates, cash on cash returns, returns to investors. It didn't work. and we were in a growth mode, not a preservation mode. So we had to go out of state, how did we do it? So you need to think about a couple things. Number one, data, meaning how do you find information about these cities, these states, these municipalities? When I say data, I mean population growth, rent growth, job growth, path of progress, development, what's coming into the area. Is there BRAC realignment for bases and military? Is the government putting money in there and kind of growing certain areas and things and have plans ahead Data data data where do you find this data That then you can source it and look through it to kind of see is this a good area to invest in Right because there certain metrics that are critically important when you underwriting a deal and that's a whole underwriting class, that's the financials detailed master class in getting into the data on how you underwrite something from a detailed perspective and what you're looking through. That's why that class is really important. But data, data, data, where do you find it, how do you get it, how do you source it? So I have links here in, good news for you, as I've done all the nasty work for you, all the links for all the data sites that we use when we're looking out of state and other areas, how do we identify the best places to invest in from a data, it's really good. Number two, you gotta have your property management companies, your contractors, your local brokers in those municipalities and areas teed up and lined up in advance. And that takes time to grow that network and I'll show you how we did it. Number three, sourcing the deals. This comes from the brokers, right? How do you source them? But more importantly, how do you look at a lot of deals, which you're going to have to, because quite honestly, to be fair, most of the deals stink, right? Or they just don't make sense in pencil financially in terms of what they may be asking versus what it's actually really worth. So how do you source through all of that quickly and fast to then get to the deals that you would kind of dive into deeper? How do you source those deals from a 10,000-foot level get to a thousand foot level where now you can look at them in detail and have a good pipeline that makes sense where you're not spending every hour of every day since you may have a real time either job or employment business that you're running. And then this is really a side hustle in the beginning, right? So how do you source the deals? Number four, six months. And I write six months because in 2018, I went to a syndication conference out in Boston and it was David Lindell's conference where I just went and listened, met a lot of brokers, other investors, other people trying to do this and learning how you would grow and syndicate and grow a whole multifamily business. That was 2018. We didn't really then, almost a year later plus, we got comfortable enough. But I met somebody in Kansas City, Missouri. Didn't know the market that well. Met a broker out there and got to know him quite well and then spent six months, guys, six months going into that market, getting to know the property management companies, interviewing them all, the contractors, all the brokers, getting really comfortable kicking the dirt, knowing the areas what neighborhoods are good what happening what the city doing development path of progress Is there light rail systems Is there new development going up Is there a new airport being built All these details Is this a good area to invest It took six months up front before we ever started going after deals in that market. So that's why I say six months. I mean, that's what we did and that's the time I took. And I went out there two to three times, drove the areas, kicked the dirt, got to know everybody, sourced all these contractors, property management companies, brokers, everything you could fathom, got the legal team, the operations, the accounting, all that stuff set up, which was kind of set up before, but I want to make sure we had all these logistics set up. So that way I wasn't chasing my own tail and making a bunch of big time mistakes with a lot of money going into a new market that's completely out of state and foreign. How do you do that and do it correctly and tactfully so you can execute and then get the returns? And you don't want to, I mean, you got, I call it one chance to make a good first impression. You don't want to screw that up. So that's why being the person and the mindset I am, six months in advance, I got dirty on the ground, getting really comfortable with that market. And we do that in every single market we enter. So now we're in Texas, Austin, San Antonio, Santa Marcos, and that corridor in between. We've been out there six months ago, and now we're now moving into the market sourcing deals. Same thing in other areas that we're into. Six months in advance, set this all up, get all the logistics, the operations, the property management crews, the construction crews, the brokers, everybody involved, get it all teed up and get very comfortable with that market before now we're sourcing deals in there. So we're not making a lot of mistakes and we're minimizing the chance of some big time errors. Operational team I talked about kind of already is part of this process of the six months, but that's your legal team, right? Because now you're going to be dealing with bigger deals. So you're going to bring in a securities attorney, links here in as to who we use, right? And there's some great folks out there. So securities attorneys, you have your business entity attorney that's gonna help with some of the setting up the legal entity and the LLC and all that other stuff. They're gonna help with that and the business operations. We got the deals sourcing the deals, but that's how you're gonna kind of scale nationwide or scale out of area when you're ready to go and you've kind of maxed out maybe where you're at and now you wanna go elsewhere. And how do you do that? Number one is you're gonna start to identify some areas. You gotta meet the brokers, get comfortable on the ground. You gotta spend some time in these markets, getting to know them very, very, very well, as comfortably as you can, before you gonna find out is it a good area And data gonna help you do that setting up all these third sources sourcing the deals six months in advance operational team Now we gotten to the point I actually brought somebody on who's looking at deals literally daily, three to five a day. And they're putting them in a nice spreadsheet that we've identified. Here's some metrics we wanna hit. Put them in here so I can then go on to that spreadsheet and look at them in a high level and say, okay, this one we like, that one we don't, this one we like, that one we don't, this one we like, that one we don't. I'm gonna take this one I'm gonna personally now dive into it and spend the time. But I'm taking maybe 50 deals, sourcing them down to maybe 10, right, that now I look at. So that way I'm not spending my time on 50 deals because I just, I don't have the time. I'm running a real estate business as well as the multifamily business. How do you do both without losing your mind? You have to be efficient and tactful. So that's how we do it. So data, all these things. So that's when you're scaled nationwide. I have some links and notes here in. Please click them. Hope that's gonna make some sense for you. And that was like the next big thing that we did when we wanted to scale and get out of state and out of California. We had to figure out logistically how we do it and how we execute and do it right. So that's all in there. Hope that makes sense. This completes this master course and this kind of crash course. I hope you got some good information out of it. There's lots of notes, links herein. Reach out to me personally if there's questions maybe I did not answer for you that you still have questions on. I want to be that resource for you. That's what I'm here to do. And I hope you enjoyed it. And then we have the more detailed courses. This was kind of a quick and dirty master kind of crash course, but we have the financials course where I'm going to dive into and literally walk through deal by deal how I underwrite them, what I look for, how we do it. And you're going to get all the pro formas in there too. So that's the financial side of it. And then we have the business side, which is the details of the operations in the business. And we'll walk through that step by step. So it's a very detailed masterclass on that. And then lastly, we have the accelerator mentor program. If you're really ready to go and dive in full scale, right? That's, I mean, we got to approve you for that because we don't just bring in everybody for that thing because that's a one-on-one mentorship with our mentorship team. And you're going to be brought on with other investors who are doing the exact same thing in the program with you. And that's a whole mentorship program. I mean, when you're ready to go and that's a more costly program, but you're going to get a heck of a lot out of it. And that's when you're ready to go. I mean, full blow. And you're not just kind of just trying to get comfortable with what's going on. Hope that makes sense. So hope this was helpful for you. This was the crash course in the multifamily, and I look forward to seeing the other programs we have. And so until next time, take care, I'll talk to you soon.