Okay, real quick here in this next lesson, let's talk about a letter of intent. So on a, say, residential type property, if you're going to be making an offer, right, you do it through a formal offer process, maybe through the local association of realtors or through your realtor and so forth. Through the commercial side of it, same process, it's an offer, but it's called a letter of intent, right? And it's typically prepared by yourself or with your group or maybe even the broker that's representing you. But typically in the commercial space, just so you're aware, especially in multifamily, when you get into the larger type asset classes, there are no buyer's agents. It's direct with the brokers, the listing selling brokers, and then the groups that are obviously submitting offers through their groups. And you use an investor, an investment group, you're submitting direct to the broker that's representing that property. So the buyer's agents doesn't really exist too much in the larger commercial space. But I wanted to kind of show you, and we're going to attach here in a template that you can download of a letter of intent that you can use right that kind of a boilerplate and you want to every deals very specific so this is just a template to use but I want to give you some guidance on the letter of intent how it used when it would be used and so forth So, for example, this is one that we recently did, and we were purchasing a property, about 200 units, and it goes in and talks about, here's some language in it, you'll see in the template, non-binding, letter of intent, sets forth the general terms, blah, blah, blah, blah, gives the property, the price, the deposit amount, right? As well as how much may be hard from day one, depending on the type of market you're in, you may have a certain portion of that deposit that goes hard from day one. Okay. Sometimes not, but in many cases, because the market's so competitive, you're having to allow that deposit, let's say it was $500,000, half of that may go hard day one. It's possible. Due diligence timeframe for how long is your due diligence to be able to underwrite the property, look at it, go through all the financials, do your physical, financial due diligence, all of that in general right Closing timeframe how long is it gonna take you to close Closing costs and how that all shakes out right And who paying for what Commissions, obviously this shows that seller's responsible for all the commissions, continued operations, special conditions, other terms, confidentiality, and talks a little bit about us as a sponsor and so forth. And that would get submitted to the broker direct. And then along with maybe some background information, resumes and so forth about yourself. And that would go to the broker. and then it's your job to obviously follow up. The process for submitting, you're going to, you know, typically property comes on the market or it's let known by the broker, comes out to everybody. Sometimes it's off market deals as well. And they'll have an OM, an operating memorandum, which is just some details about the property, the subject and all that stuff, gives you some financial information and so forth. And then based on that, some other financials you'll get, you'll underwrite the property. You're like, hey, this is something, this is a deal that makes sense check from all the other stuff we've looked at. Let's go ahead and submit a letter of intent. and that kind of gets the process going. And there usually a 30 day lead up until the day when offers are due and they do a call for offers date where it says okay all offers are due on or before X date It where usually a day leading up to it all the offers will get submitted the letters of intent right Then you'll wait. And if you get into the highest and best or the next round, you'll get notified by the broker and they'll tell you, hey, okay, you've been selected into the highest and best, right? Which is you and maybe three, four, five others into the highest and best. So on or before such date, please submit your highest and best offer. And that'll go into round two. And then maybe you got to take it to a third round where they come back and say, hey, it's between you and one other. We're going to have a phone call with you and the seller and us. We're going to go through some details. We're going to ask some questions. So that way we can make a decision between you and maybe two others or one other group before we award the deal to somebody. And that'll be typically round three, maybe even round four. But usually it's one or two rounds with maybe a third round phone call before the deal gets awarded. And that's a typical process, using the letter of intent and the offer to do so. So that's how it works. Any of the details, you can click in to kind of get this template. Any of the questions, reach out to us. Let's jump into the next lesson. Take care. Talk to you soon.