Awesome. So this is a 20 or I'm sorry, 35 unit deal in Decatur, Georgia. 35 unit deal in Decatur, Georgia. It's unpriced, which means they didn't put a price on it. Pretty typical of commercial real estate. And what that means is, hey, take all the information. You're going to plug it in. You're going to do your own due diligence and you're going to come up with what the value should be based upon the market. And essentially what your returns are as an investor. And that's how they find the market. Sometimes they put a price on it. Many times they don't. So this is a property we're going to go through. I'm going to pull down all the data. We're going to start plugging it into the pro forma and see what we come up with. You'll see on here over to the left where it says view the flyer and then also see the due diligence documents. The flyer is a basic two page. Nothing sexy about that. You're going to click on the other one. It's going to have you sign an NDA, non-disclosure agreement, just confidentiality agreement. Just click the little sign button on there. Set up a free account. You can download the docs. The two docs I'm going to download here is the rent roll and the T12. The rent roll and the T12. Rent roll just shows me, hey, here's all the tenants. Here's what they're paying in comparison to the market. Here's what's vacant. Here's what's occupied the total rent roll for the property currently. Secondly is the T12. That is the profit and loss statement for the property over the last 12 months. People look at T12, T6, T3, T1. All that means is one month, three months, six months, 12 months, right? T times 12, T12. And it's the profit and loss statement over that period of time. And that's just showing you how the property is operating. Now, you're going to take that information. It's supposed to be reliable, but you have to verify it. It's like anything. A lot of people fluff those things up. It's as good as the Excel sheet it's on. So you got to take a look at that. You're going to use that, plug it in, but then it's trust and verify. Remember, this is commercial real estate. It is your job and your duty to verify everything. It's your fault if you don't. There is no recourse later if you screw up and don't do this correctly. And then you close escrow on something, you find out the financials weren't what you said. Unless it's in the reps and warranties when you're doing contracts. But a lot of times it's like, hey, you should have done your job. Like you don't have that ability like you do in residential real estate to go back and start suing everybody. Makes it very difficult unless there's something really negligent and fraudulent. So I'm going to step off here to the screen real quick and start pulling everything down. And we're going to go through it. In the meantime, chime in with some questions as we kind of plug this stuff in. But super excited about taking a look at this one for you guys. So just give me one minute. I'm going to pull everything down. Perfect. You know, sometimes this stuff is not quite as sexy, but it's important to understand, you know, analyzing deals, finding the deal. So let's presume we found this online. We're like, oh, this looks like an interesting property. We'd like to now analyze it. And that's what, you know, really the stage two of the process is to see if this thing makes some sense financially. Let me pull up. I'm just opening up the documents real quick. Just give me just a second. I'm going to show you the documents. Yeah, cool. Here we go. I'm going to switch the screen so you can see what I'm looking at. So we will start with the T12, and I'm going to show you what that is. So you're looking at a bunch of numbers on the screen. If you have not seen this before, don't worry. We're going to simplify it for you. So all this is, is it's showing you each year, I'm sorry, each month for the last year, starting in May of last year, all the way through May 2023. You're going to get an updated one, obviously, but we're going to use this for simple math to plug in our numbers. And then there's a total number over here. But this is the last 12 months of financials. It's showing you all the income. And then all of the expenses. Right. To then get into what's called net operating income here. I'll zoom up on it, but just to kind of give you an idea of what I'm looking at. That way you can kind of see it there. Can everybody see that pretty clearly on the screen? Just give a thumbs up. Okay, good. Perfect. All right. So what I'm going to be looking at is obviously I can look at the month by month and that's fine if we wanted to super analyze it. But I'm going to scroll right over here to the far right and look at this total column. OK. And. You can see all the different forms of income that they have on the property from rental income to late fee, month to month fees, concessions, reimbursements, legal fees. They've gotten utility reimbursements, you know, stuff like that. OK, so. I'll splice this out a little bit and I'm going to look at. I don't know if they have this. They have it broken out a little bit different. Let's see how they. OK, so I'm going to presume this is the actuals collected versus because they don't really have a line item in here for gross potential rent. So I'm just going to take this rental income number here. Okay. But I do want to look at the rent roll and see what kind of rents they're getting on these units. So I can plug it into our pro forma. I'll switch screens and show you this. This is what they call the rent roll. It's showing me all of the tenants, what they're paying, their rent versus the market rent, all that stuff. OK. So it's showing you unit type, bedroom bath, tenant's name, market rent versus the rent they're paying. Market rent versus the rent they're paying. So. I can see the one ones. And so they basically it looks like they have three unit types. They have one bedroom, one baths. They have two bedroom, one and a half baths. And they have three bedroom, one and a half baths. And they have the three different rentals in there. So it looks like they're getting about $11.25 for the ones. They're getting about $15.25 for the twos. and about $16.50 for the threes. So that's what I'm going to use here when I plug it into our pro forma. And now I'm going to start going over to that so you guys can see what I'm doing in real time and writing it up. Okay. We're back over to the pro forma so you can see this. Is that zoomed up enough for you or should we zoom it up further? Okay, that's good. Awesome. So we're going to go ahead and I'm going to work on it and you can kind of watch. I'm going to take out the price for a minute. I'm just going to put two five in here just for a placeholder for a minute. Okay. 35 units. I'll keep the repair budget there for a minute. I think this is a 1975 property. It doesn't really matter. Lot size. I'll put it at 10,000 square feet. Oops. That doesn't really matter too much. we'll keep the closing cost there interest rate uh i could probably come here 5.75 and then i'm going to put in the unit types here so if you remember we had a one bedroom one bath we had a two bedroom two and a or one and a half bath and we had a three bedroom uh two bath i believe i'll double check So three bedroom, one and a half bath, two, one and a half. So three, one and a half. And we'll get that unit out of there. I'm going to figure out how many they got here. Because they didn't actually give me a unit mix set up on it. So I'm going to have to go through here and count what they got. Monthly rent, we had $11.25, I believe. We had $15.25, and then we had $16.50. I'm going to run that because this is actually a pretty stabilized asset. It doesn't look like a big value add to where you're going in and pushing it with a bunch of improvements to push the rents. So we're basically buying it and you could probably do that, but we're basically buying something that's pretty stabilized and we want to see if this thing works in cash flows from day one. That's basically what you're going to be doing here. Let me get the proper score footages. 650, 1100 and 1190. 650, 1100. I'm putting in the score footages. of the units. And then I'm gonna count how many of each type of unit as well now. We got seven of the ones. 26 twos. That's good. And it looks like we got two three bedroom, one baths. Correct. All right. Perfect. Make sure you guys can see all that. Awesome. So now we have the units in there. OK, and it's down here. It's going to be populating automatically for you. It's showing you total monthly income, monthly rents. And then you got your score footages, 35,000 square feet. $50,000 a month. We'll put in here some other income and other things here in just a minute. I'm going to go ahead and input the expenses over here. So we're going to input this stuff over here now using the T12 to grab those numbers. And I'm going into the total column, just so you know, of that T12 that I showed you guys. I'm going into that total column, but I'm going to add up the other income and stuff here as well. but let's do the expenses. And they have a lot of line items in the expenses. So I'm gonna segregate it out here a little bit based on lump sum. See how we're doing here. Insurance, we got about 20,597. We're gonna keep that same. Yeah so stand by as I kind of go through these numbers and I plug them in for you We doing this as we go which is good Property taxes, it's called out 64 grand, it looks like. And I'm taking these straight from that T12. So I'm using their numbers as they're giving them to us to plug them in. And then once it's plugged in, we can start manipulating some stuff. based on kind of what we see in trends and stuff like that. Marketing, $3,000. Okay. Turnover of 12,000. We have utilities. 41,000. I'm taking the, like I said, I'm taking these numbers direct from their T12. Bear with me. A few more here. Plumbing, material maintenance, supplies, order. There's maintenance. Building repairs, emergency, finance purchases. Okay, so that's all R&M stuff. Okay. And by contract services, general and admin. Yeah, I'm going to show you what I'm looking at on the screen just so you guys can see. Okay. you know, what I'm looking at here and how I'm breaking it down when I'm going through the T12 in real time. So this is all the expenses, right? Obviously, they break it out by month, but then it totals it here in this column. That's the ones I'm using. So the ones I've highlighted are the ones I've already input. Landscape services. Okay. So that's a contract. Test control is a contract. That's 7,900 for the contract services. Stand by. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm going to do 250. All right, standby. We just got the big number coming in for the maintenance and repairs. We got the management fee in there already. We got that. Okay. 60,000 bucks for maintenance and repairs. Wow. And they have waste removal. So that needs to be added in to, I'll add that in as well. So 60,000 bucks for maintenance and repairs. Seems high. And then contract services. I'm going to put that in there. and then plus. Okay. All right. So let me switch. Now we've got them all in there. I've categorized them. I'm going to show you. Going back to the pro forma now. How's everybody doing, by the way? I know this can be boring at times, but this is how this stuff's done. And you can watch how this is done because this is how you're going to analyze the deal and make sure if it's going to make sense. Perfect. Let me go back in here. So I put in all the expenses. Okay. I got taxes, insurance, maintenance and repairs, turnover, utilities, general and admin, contract services, marketing, other trash. And I took all these numbers. This is, keep in mind, so this is for current, like the current property. And then because this is not really a big value add, and a lot of things aren't going to change between now and the future, not too much, the future expenses are going to be somewhat similar. They may change a little bit. So that's why when you look at the pro forma, right, that means future, future pro forma. Then those aren't going to change too much. So we're going to keep them the same. We're buying almost a stabilized asset. Stabilized asset and management fee in here, reserves and replacements. That's typically a number you put in there that's going to go towards capital improvements. I mean, if you have water heaters blow up down the road, roofs you have to fix, windows you have to replace, stuff like that. You need to have money set aside each year. You have to account for a lot of some unknowns. OK, so this is kind of in line. I'm looking at this thing right now. So some things to kind of pay attention to. I'm going to zoom up on this. You can kind of understand. Perfect. So I'm zooming up on the expense side of it. You'll see down there a percentage of EGI, percentage of EGI. That is the percent of effective gross income. Effective gross income. And that's going to actually go down here in a second because I'm going to add in some other income. But I want you to see this number because a property like this with this age should be running definitely in the upper 30s, upper 30s to even low 40s. Depending on the quality of the asset, condition of the asset, that's kind of where it should run. So we're going to tweak some things here in just a minute. But I want you to pay attention to that number because these are the types of things you look at to see, hey, are things out of whack? Are they out of line? Do they make sense? Are they in line with maybe where the market's at? And then you say, well, I don't know what to look for. I don't know what's a good number. I don't know if that's a good number to look for. That's where we come in. Right. So that's where if you're analyzing a deal, this is why so many students have shot deals over to us. We take a peek at them and we can kind of let you know and then start to guide you. But every market is going to be a little bit different. And the main reason why is because insurance and property taxes are different in every market. So that's why things can skew quite a bit depending on the market you're in. And that's why it's important for you to know your local market, know the market you're going into if you're doing out of state investments. So it takes some time to know the market. And that's part of the due diligence process of going into markets. So if you are going to be out of state, out of your backyard, no different than we did, I went out to those markets a few months in advance, spent a couple weekends out there driving around, meeting with brokers, meeting with construction people, meeting with property management companies and getting in the lay of the land and understanding good areas and bad areas, the good brokers, bad brokers, construction crews, property management, and you set up your little team. And it takes a little bit of time to do that. But once you've established what market you like, that's the next step. And we teach that. So if you're getting there, we'll walk you through it and the process for that. But right now, we're going to look at these numbers, the percentage of EGI. Now I'm going to come down over here. All right, because we already have these numbers getting plugged in up here. So I'm going to come down over here and I'm going to I need to add in the other income numbers. We haven't done that yet. Other income comes from pet rent, other utility reimbursements, other income they're generating from fees and other things. So where do you find that? I'm going to show you. If I come back over here to the T12, profit and loss statement for the last 12 months, I'm going to scroll up. and we have late fee income, month-to-month fees, move-out damages, pet fees, rental concessions, repair reimbursements, all this stuff, right? So water reimbursements. So they have a decent amount of other income. This is great. So I'm going to add, I'm going to sum all these guys up here to see what it looks like. So about $36,000, almost $37,000 in other income. So I'm going to take that sum and I'm going to plug it right over here. So now you can see, right? And the numbers are here, but it's also, it shows you down here too, right? Showing you your percentages here. So total expenses. So this is how you evaluate any rental property. You take your gross income. Just you understand what this is doing. If you look at the formula. It's taking this number here. Actually, you're not looking at it. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Need to get you back to the pro forma. Here we go. All right. So now I'm back over here. I added in the other income down here. okay plugged it in 37 000 keep in mind everything in blue is editable everything in black is essentially hard-coded with formulas you don't need to touch those areas okay it's all formulas because you can see the formulas up here in the bar and if you're unfamiliar with excel we're not asking you to get hyper you know familiar with it but you need some basics so This is why downloading it, using it. Sure, you can use online deal analyzers. Those are fine, but you need to be able to manipulate maneuver numbers. And you can't really do that with these online deal analyzers. They're not quite as good. Unless you want to pay for the super expensive ones, you really need to get a download, which is why we provide this to you in an Excel model, both a simple one, which is this, and a more complex one. So to go back to this. Is, you know, we inputted all our rents. It's giving us what our monthly income is. Right. And this is the current right under current. And this is future. Now, we know it's the same because we're not really moving the needle too much on this property. This one's a pretty stabilized asset. We're just trying to see if it makes sense cash flow wise. So what this formula is doing down here, they're the same, but it's taking your 50,000 bucks, your $51,000 annualizing it. So you get $600,000, almost $610,000 in gross. We're going to take out a vacancy factor of 5%. We're going to add in the other income. That's that $37,000 that we added up. And that's going to give us this effective gross income number. And the effective gross income number is what our expenses are based off of. So that's why you're getting, if I look at this number, you're going to see what's going to happen. It's taking the 210,000 over the 616,000 to give me the percentage. So the reason that's there is that's a little ratio to say, hey, like, you know, is this in line with the market? Does it make sense with the market, et cetera? So I want to take a look at something. because these numbers are a little bit out of whack at the moment. So let me take a look at something real quick. Yeah, because something doesn't line up here. Yes, give me a minute. Okay. Take a look at the rent roll Okay so that in line Gotcha. Yeah, just wait a minute. I'm just looking at the rent roll right now in the T12. See what's going on here. Gotcha. Okay. Okay. Okay. Gotcha. Okay. We need to add in some other stuff here. Yeah, because what they're showing on their income statements is about $400,000. $487,000 in income collected. Whereas I'm going to show, probably needs to be closer to 25. We're going to move it though. This should be up to like 15. We should be able to move that needle. That way it makes a little more sense. I see what's going on. Gotcha. So let me explain this. So on there, so the property is underperforming. So this is actually a great opportunity, great opportunity. And let me show you why. I'm going to show you the rent roll for a minute. So if you're looking at this on the rent roll, I'm going to zoom up. These are all the rents. Remember what we said? So this is the market rent, this column. This is the actual rent. So when I scroll down here to the bottom, you see the discrepancy here, about $9,000 difference between market and currently what they're getting in rents. But at the same time, they're really not collecting on that. So they got collection issues and they have a couple of vacancy issues. But the gross potential is $50,305. That's the gross potential rent for the market is $50,305. So when you come back over here to the pro forma that we're on, gross potential is the $50,825. So we're close. So that's the gross potential. And then we got to take out really this concessions, credit loss, vacancy, all these other things. so ultimately what's going on is we have an effective gross income of their 487 here i'm going to use 494 and i could come in here and manipulate a little bit more i could do 28 27 20 we'll put it right there so that way we hit that 488 number to get to their current numbers because that's what they're showing us just that way i can do apples for apples Let me explain what I mean by that. If I come over here to their T12 again, let me show you. See how this number here that I'm looking at? Let me zoom up. That number right there, that's the total rental income. Okay? Total rental income. Pulling in around $45,000 a month. 487 give or take annually that takes into account all the other income plus their gross rents plus some concessions blah blah blah okay so that's collected rents um so i can kind of use that number to back into no matter what when i'm in my pro forma and if i come over here um that's what we're going to show 488 pretty close now that's where the property's at today. Okay, and let me stop and I want to ask some questions. I want to have a couple of people chime in here. I think I did the, I have the maintenance. Oh, good catch. Good catch, Hayden. There we go. That's more in line. That makes some sense. Good catch, Hayden, on that. See, you guys are picking up on this stuff. Beautiful. Actually, both of you guys caught that. That's amazing. I love it. That was awesome. Awesome, awesome, awesome. Oh, I saw you, Hayden. You were poking up above. Yeah, good catch. So now that puts it actually, that makes some sense because really a property like this at this age should be operating in the, yeah? Yeah, it makes sense. That's definitely in line. um so let's go back here and take a peek okay still a good deal um and let me explain what i'm seeing um now that's based on the obviously we're not going to get to pay you that so it's going to be based on the price of the property because obviously this isn't going to roll. There's no way. This probably needs to be somewhere in that probably 5% to 6% cap range. I'm going to show you how that's going to work out here. You remember how it's unpriced? They said, hey, we're not putting a price on it. Now, what you can do, just so you know, typically when it's unpriced like that and you download the docs, you can go to the broker and say, hey, broker, what's the whisper price? Hey, broker, what's the whisper price? Like, what's your hope and pray price basically? And they'll let you know, hey, price guidance, we're thinking three and a half million bucks or $3 million or whatever it is, right? So that way you can then use that as a starting tool and then work back, okay? But now that we kind of see we have the numbers input correctly. Realistically, just so you know, you shouldn't be operating the property that it should be closer to a 10% on your total vacancy and credit loss. So you should have it. You should be able to move the NOI from here to here. You see where I'm going with this? Like they're, they're bringing in this. You should be able to bring in 585, right? Your expenses are what they are, and then your NOI. So this is an operational game. So some properties like this are great because you're not really going to move the needle through renovation. You're going to move the needle here through operations. You're going to go in there and fine tune expenses, improve the income collections, occupancy on the property. From an operational standpoint, that's how you're moving the needle. And that's how we're going to get to where we need to get. So now we're going to change the price. So we're going to come up here and I'm going to tweak the price a little bit. Let's just move it for simple math up to three and a half million bucks and see what happens. Probably not going to get it for that either, but we're going to, it's going to be a good start. So, uh, yeah, not going to get it for that. Let's go to 4 million. Okay. Okay. I'd be curious if you could get it, you know, I'd be curious. But this is what you could do. All right. By, I mean, looking at this deal, and let's kind of come down here to the numbers here for a minute. Okay. Okay. So looking at this right now, based upon the financials and manipulating the numbers a bit, our debt coverage ratio is in line. So this is where it's important. Okay. Because in order to get a loan, that's why we'll talk about this for a minute. See these two numbers. So on your performer, you need to pay attention to these. You're not going to be able to get a bank loan today in today's market unless you're covering with a debt coverage ratio of about 1.25. 1.25. So this is 1.27. So that leads me to believe that we're in line. If I didn't know what the price is and the broker wasn't giving it to me, this is kind of telling me based on the financials of the property. Because remember, unlike say residential where it's all about emotion, this is all about the financials of the property itself. It has to make sense financially and the same investors are going to look at the same deal in a different way. and they can only manipulate so much. So this is kind of telling me we're in line with where the market is likely going to land for a property like this. I mean, let's say the broker came back to you hypothetically for a minute. The broker came back and said, no, we're looking for four and a half million. Okay, that's what the broker wants. That's what the seller wants. That's what the broker wants. So based on that, this doesn't work. You see how this is 1.13? I can't get a loan unless I come up here and I put more money down. and I changed my down payment from 35% down to 40% down. So now I have more down payment, more cash in the deal. So now my loan amount, which is right here, my loan amount has now gone down, which means I have less debt coverage, less debt to service. So with less debt to service, that means my monthly payment's going to go down, which means this debt coverage ratio is going to go up. See, now it's 1.22. But then what happens too is my returns start to suffer. But this could work. I mean, technically, technically, this is kind of where we're fine-tuning it because I think you can get an interest rate at 5.75 on this deal. And you'd probably put agency debt on it. When I say agency debt, that's going to come from Freddie or Fannie Mae. You're going to get that through a loan broker. You say, where's the loan brokers? If you go onto your downloads under our vendors and services, you download that. There's two loan brokers in there that we use nationwide. Please reach out to them. They would be great for a property like this. This is a $2.7 million loan amount. Be great for Fannie or Freddie Mae. They could get you the debt because this property can service it. This deal makes some sense. presuming you could buy it for four and a half or even let's say four three okay 4.3 million now my debt coverage service is here keep in mind we're going to take the property from current so i don't really care about these numbers right that those numbers don't look good right two two and a half cash on cash 5.37 cap eh right but if we can go in here operationally and take the property from here and move it to here. Great job. That's how you make the deal work. If you're going to increase collections, increase occupancy, and you're going to keep expenses where they're at or in line reasonably, maybe you can adjust those some, you maneuver. And this is an operational game on this property. Operational game, which is awesome. Sometimes these are the easiest ones. You're not having to heavy lift the property through renovations. And you're going to move the needle on this thing from here to here. So now you're looking at 7% cash on cash year one, really good. Average cash on cash of nine, awesome. You're going to sell it out of five cap years from now. We're going to show you how that works here in a minute. Your equity multiple is incredible, three plus. Anything over two is good, guys. Anything over two is good. And then And your annual rate of return, your IRR, which is this number here, that's what IRR stands for, internal rate of return. That's the velocity rate at which you get your money back. So that's an annual rate of return. We earning almost 24 a year on this deal Pretty darn good Pretty darn good And this does not even take into account tax benefits all the depreciation all that stuff that an addition to this right Maybe you refinance the property in a few years, pull some cash out, et cetera, et cetera. Okay. So based on these numbers, 4.3 million, you're going to come in with 1.7 and down payment. You have your closing costs, total of $2 million in equity. Now you may be saying to yourself, holy cow, I don't have $2 million. I don't expect you to. Now, if you get to a point, you would come in with about 10%. You'd come in with about 200 grand on a deal like this. To own 35 units, you'd be coming in with about 200 grand of your own cash to be the general partner. You're going to then raise about 1.8 million from investors. Now, you should be saying, I'm like, gosh, that's a lot of money. I can't raise that from investors. This is why this, if you're Brent, you may not do a deal this size first one, but deal two, deal three, absolutely. Absolutely. And you'd be surprised how fast you could probably raise that one eight. You'd be surprised. And that's part of this process to show you how you do that. But let's analyze this. So let's jump over into the next tab here, because all this is doing, if you're not familiar with this, the IRR tab is showing you it's taking your annual. it's taking this and now we're going to put it over time we're going to put it over 2023 24 25 26 all the way out to 2028 and all we're doing is adding time to it that's all it is and we're doing that so we can establish cash flows annualized returns all of that stuff okay So that's what the IRR tab does. Do you guys want me to jump over into the waterfall tab and show you how that works for investors? In OpMed, there's not really specific on the deal size. A 10 unit is a great starting point to answer your question. So if you can do an 8 to 10 unit deal, your first deal, I think all day long. It's small enough, but it's also large enough. there's economies of scale in it. There's, you know, meat on the bone, as they say, definitely a good deal size for your first one would be a 10 unit. So do you want me to go over to the waterfall tab? Okay, awesome. So what the waterfall tab is, and keep in mind, so this is this pro forma that you're looking at right now has three tabs to it. You have the APOD. And when you go through the coursework, this will make sense to you. APOD stands for annual property operating data, annual property operating data, APOD. So that's what we did. We came in here and we added in all the annual property operating data. All this data, annual property operating data, we added all the blue stuff in. It populated all the black numbers, and we got some good stuff. I'll take out these yellows and the highlights for you. And then we went to the IRR tab, which is showing you it's taking all the APOD info, and now it's applying it over time. taking all the APOD. Now it's applying it over year by year by year and showing you growth, expenses, everything on an annualized basis over a period of time. And then that's how you're getting to your IRR numbers and some of the metrics. And this is where it's populating your annual rate of return on the deal. Because it's saying, hey, you're going to buy this thing in 2023. You're going to hold this deal till 2028. Here's what it's going to look like. It's projections, but here's our projections over the next five years and then ultimately sell it. And we could refinance it maybe in here, you're here, you're here, depending on the type of loan and stuff you put on the property. It just depends. Or maybe you refinance it at the end of five years and hold on to it further. That's completely up to you. So the waterfall tab. So the new tab we added. What this is designed to do is to show you what you and your investors will make on the deal. It's splitting it up. It's showing you a waterfall. Hey, we give this kind of return to investors. We're going to waterfall it down. So once you hit a hurdle, what it's called, it'll then jump to the next return and the next return and the next return to pay investors to pay you and to pay the investors. Now, the good news is this. As a general partner putting the deal together, you get to double dip. Your money, your 200 grand that you're bringing into the deal. OK, so I'm going to zoom into this. We can kind of follow this. And we'll finish up with this. awesome so up here at the top of the waterfall is where you're going to put in the percentages of capital that you're bringing in so remember i said 10 you're responsible for you don't need to change this number keep it at 10 so you're bringing in 200 grand as the general partner your limited partners your lp limited partners are going to bring in 90% of the money. They're going to bring in about 1,800,000. For bringing in 1,800,000, you're going to give them a 6% preferred return. So that's hurdle one, where it says hurdle one here, 6%. And until that hurdle's met, the GP gets nothing and the LP gets 100% of all the free cash flow. Remember I said you get to double dip? So keep in mind, your 200 grand, this 200 grand, when it goes in the deal, you are actually a limited partner as well as a GP. So you're in the list of investors under LP. Under limited partners, you're one of them. Your LLC that you're creating for yourself, that we talk about when you set up your LLC company, that LLC holding company is going to be a limited partner. It's also going to be a general partner. And the general partner gets what they call the promote, right? So when it talks about this promote, this 30-70 split, 30% is going to the general partner. Once you hit the hurdles, once you pay investors a certain return, then you get to start splitting the money up. But keep in mind, you're playing both sides of the coin. That's the best part of this whole thing is you're paying. You are the limited partner. You're one of the five people in the deal or 10 investors. But you're also the general partner running it. So you get both sides of it. You get to double dip. And you should. For all the time and energy, if you're paying investors and you're giving everybody a return and you're making everybody money, then you get the promote. You get the profit for doing such a great job. That's why it's there. But you don't get any of that until you get the investors their money. Does that make sense? The whole design of it. So everybody's goals are in alignment. The general partner doesn't get this promote, doesn't get the double dip until you give the investors what you said you'd give them. Fair enough? That's what that means. So once the 6% is met, then it goes into the splits of 30-70. And I'm going to show you how that breaks out here. I'm going to zoom out just a bit and kind of see it. So what this waterfall is doing is it's taking those years. It's taking the free cash flow from the property. So this is the property level free cash flow. And it's getting that number from the APOD, by the way. So if you take this number, I'm going to show you where it's coming from, just so you can kind of understand physically. Up here in the formula, it's coming from the IRR tab. So if I come over here to IRR, you see this number right here, 142, 490. Come over to the waterfall, 142, 490. It's pulling it straight over. So the property level cash flows are at the top. Then you're going to start breaking it out. Because that 6% is now going to get paid your preferred return. Once the preferred return is met, then it starts cash flow. So you can see the preferred return is met. You have $109,000 in the preferred return, and then you have $33,000 left over. Now that $33,000, when you come all the way down here to the bottom, it's splitting it up. So down here at the bottom, when you see the breakdown for everybody, GP and LP, it's breaking up the cash flows. It's breaking up the cash flows. It's basically saying 9,000 gets split up of that $33,000 that's left over. Now it's going to split that 70-30. So 30% of the GP is adding in the rest of it here on top of the 109. It's adding in the difference. That's where you get to the 32. And then you're running that all the way year by year by year, all the way to the end. So how amazing is this for a minute? Just so you understand the value in multifamily. And then we'll finish up. So as the general partner, you're bringing in 200 grand. Okay. I want to show you how stupid this is on a deal like this, potentially. You're going to bring in 200 grand. You're going to make a million five. Does that sound fair? yes it does actually when you work your butt off because you paid the you paid the investors you've done a great job they've made a lot of money too the investors are down here making a bunch of money right they're getting the investors are getting almost a 20 annualized return on their money they're getting a 2.6 equity multiple on their money for every 100 grand the investor brings in, they're getting $260,000 out. They're making some money. Okay. They're making some money. Yeah. I may go buy this deal. Sorry. I'm just looking at it. But you get the point. You get the point. And that's where the waterfall works. So download the new one, play with it. Okay. Play with it. should be not sure why it zoomed me out and um blurred all this stuff out behind me but hi we are still recording so um does that make sense how we set all that up i don't know why it's blurred behind me. We'll figure that out. But nonetheless, yeah, this goes here. All right. Anybody want to chat in before we kind of finish up right about time? But we analyzed that entire deal. I mean, that's a cool deal. 35 units to cater Georgia. Obviously, I don't know what they would accept on the price point, but based on that info, if you can buy it around four, three to four or five, makes a whole lot of sense. I don't know if that's where it's going to go. It may seem, seems a little cheap. But you'd want to analyze that based on those numbers and see how that, that thing pencils out. But if you can hit those projections and move the needle on the property like that, right, you see the gross potential of it. They just need to actually operate that thing, you know, kick butt. And the thing can make some great money and great money. So you see how that cash flow works on it. So any other questions before we sign off here for the day? Awesome. Yeah, I'm glad everybody came on in full of more mentees as well, too. So thanks for coming in. I hope you got a lot from it. We will save this and obviously upload that into the files. You guys can go back and take a look at this one if you have questions on it in the future. especially if you're and we'll get a video too on the new updated pro forma with the waterfall in it but you can kind of use this to go back and take a peek too so awesome everyone signing off uh thanks so much and we will see you next week