All right, welcome to Module 1 Real Estate Types. Look, there are lots of types of different real estate out there, right? And you see them every day. If you're an active real estate investor, you can get into flips, you can get into all kinds of different things, right, in real estate. Real estate is such a wide-ranging opportunity. It depends on ultimately your passion, your drive, what you're looking for. My mindset is always this, because I've seen them all. And I say this. why mess around with onesie twosies, meaning a single family home or a condo, onesie twosies all over the place, when you can take 20, 30, 50, 100 plus residences in one location at one time, get economies of scale of that, and drive wealth, profits, tax incentives, all of that stuff through one asset in one location, why mess around with the onesie twosies? And I don't want to play down on some of those other asset classes because I've dealt with them, but I've also gone through them to see the benefits and drawbacks to each. And I would say that the multifamily apartments are hands down, next to mobile homes, the best asset classes and types to get into. Just simply because of the cash flow, the growth, the tax incentives, all the other economies of scale operational stuff that goes into these things. you're going to see why I believe that both multifamily apartment buildings and mobile homes are the two best asset classes into that kind of rental income property space. We'll show the other ones, but this is kind of the real estate types. So here we go. Get my little red pen going there. Single family and condos. We started with a $100,000 condo in 2010 in the midst of the financial crisis. A little bit of backstory on myself and my upbringing. I was raised through a little bit of a builder developer guy. My dad was completely self-made army brat, grew up in a bad household, took his own zero-to-hero journey and made himself a self-made millionaire. 40-year career, multiple market cycles, did extremely well. We didn't start off wealthy, but he grew us through that. Started in a three-bedroom, two-bath home in San Diego. But that's how we started. It was really in this space, single family and condos. But my background is really in these apartments, right? The large apartment development, ground up construction, land planning, and all of that. It's kind of how I came through it through my family. Licensed general contractor, licensed real estate broker. Obviously, I went to school for some of this apartment stuff as well through the formal education. And they got the hands on the ground digging and doing all the dirty on my dad's job sites. So that was kind of my background into it from a very young age and watching a lot of that happen, driving tractors on job sites and all of that. So it came from a young age, so I had a little bit, you know kind of an upbringing through it which helps certainly but you don need that There a lot of people that start this later in life and they able to do amazing things with it So you don have to have necessarily my background but I watched my dad go up and I also watched the financial crisis completely collapse 40 years of his business and how if you don't do things correctly and you over leverage, it doesn't matter how many assets you have at that time, I guarantee your debt's gonna exceed that when the market's doing this because the acceleration, the velocity of a downturn will always overtake the asset side of things when things are doing this. And that's what unfortunately happened to him and he couldn't catch it. So I watched him go through a major bankruptcy as a developer on the multifamily side, but not as apartments for rent. He was doing a lot of multifamily condos and townhomes for sale and got over leveraged in all of that when the market took the downturn. Big mistake. He built a lot of apartment buildings, but then he would sell them. and he would sell them to large firms, probably someone like us now who are trying to buy them. We hold for the long term because we love the cash flow game. We love the benefits that come along with them. There's tax incentives, there's cash flow, there's profits, there's inflation hedges, all the things that come through when you're doing the apartment multifamily, that's the benefits of them is holding them and not just building and selling them. So that was the mistakes I kind of learned and saw in his side of it that I didn't want to repeat when I went through it on my own. So single families and condos. We started with a $100,000 condo, turned that into $300,000. Then we went to single family, did a couple of those rentals. Then I started to see like, gosh, why am I messing around with these onesie twosies when we can get into like two to four units? Awesome. That was next. Bought a triplex, couple fourplexes, another triplex, a fourplex, all within San Diego. Learned that operations. I ran all the property management. I put all the deals together. I ran all the logistics. I ran the companies. I ran everything and for that, obviously I got half of the company and half of the profits and half of everything, right? And then my business partner, Christopher Pulley, got the other half because initially he was the capital and the guy signing on the loans at that time when I couldn't do it. So there's sweat equity and there's real equity that come into deals. Sweat equity is like the hard work and the hustle that I had to do to kind of earn my keep. And then the actual equity is the cash in, down payment, right, signing on the loans is the physical equity and the ability and the capital to do it. So then we went to two to four units. And then we said, look, we want to grow. And it's tough to do it in Southern California, especially in San Diego. So that's kind of, we started looking at five plus units, five to ten units based. We did a little bit of that locally as well with local investors, a little bit of our own money, but also started to bring in some other folks as well. And that was great. And then we started to say, gosh, okay, we need a little more economies of scale, but we can't do that locally in San Diego. we need to go external, right? You know, we need to go external and go out of state. Well that a whole different ballgame of operations right But that what started kind of the apartments into that you know 20 to 50 unit space And we started in Missouri in Kansas City right I would have never thought Kansas City until I really got in. This gets into the market things. We'll get into later modules. But Kansas City, Missouri, absolutely fabulous market. We started with our first 20 to 50 unit property, bought a few of them in that market, right? And that was back in 2018, 19. and then we started to get into the larger stuff to where now we're all 100 plus, okay? But the apartment game, right? So that's that type of asset. Then you do mobile homes, guys. Mobile homes is a phenomenal business. Now, right now, we're not actively invested in that, but we are passively invested into a fund that's doing a lot of mobile homes. I think we own 10 of them right now. Those things are kicking ass and taking names, man. I love the mobile home business when you do it correctly and there's a whole ball game for that. I could almost start another course on that one. But mobile homes, great asset. Checkmark that one. Then you get the commercial space. Commercial is going to really, I'll kind of pull it over here. You're talking, say, like an office building. Maybe you're talking like a retail center. Maybe medical office. I'm thinking retail or office buildings when I think commercial. You can do hotels. It's another form of commercial real estate, but that's kind of that game, right? And I didn't personally like office. I want you to think about this for a minute. Office buildings, for me, doesn't work because you can take COVID as a perfect example. People don't need an office space in order to operate necessarily. They can pick that up, close that down, and move into their garage. Amazon, Microsoft, all these companies started in garages too. Any company can do that when times get tough, And then those office buildings go vacant. COVID, perfect example. There's other times recessions happen. Office buildings can go vacant. I don't like that concept, right? I don't like the idea where people don't need to operate in that space in order for us to get paid, right? Food, water, shelter. Food, water, shelter. People need a place to live. They either rent or they own. They rent or they own. In the United States today, currently there's about 63% home ownership. You've got 30 some odd percent rentals. That game is flipping. Just with different importances in life, different generations, that thing is moving more to a European model that tends to be more renters than owners. And we're moving in that direction slowly but surely. Where there's going to be more renters in the United States over the next 10 years, and there will be homeowners. Trust me, watch it happen. So the apartment game, food, water, shelter, guys, you gotta live somewhere, rent or own. Apartment buildings rent beautiful we get paid love it So mobile homes same thing right It kind of that lower end of the scale but people need a place to live And mobile home parks are a great option It a good business model. Commercial, not so much into it. Retail, yeah, it can work. I'm not against retail. For me, I just don't understand that model well enough. My concept is be an inch wide and a mile deep. Inch wide and a mile deep. I say things multiple times. You'll figure that throughout these courses on purpose because I want you to focus on them. Be an inch wide and a mile deep. Don't be a mile wide and an inch deep. People want specialists. You need to know what you're talking about. You need to have a lot of information within that cylinder, so that way you're not trying to do too many things across the board. You need to do none of them well. I'd do one thing or two things or three things really well. Inch wide, mile deep. So retail is just not going to work for us. Office is not going to work for us. We want to play in this game. Apartments and mobile homes. Apartments and mobile homes. That's for us. Those are the different types of real estate that we see in the market. There's obviously some other subsets to a lot of this stuff, but this is the game. And you can play in either one of them. You got people flipping houses here, flipping condos. That's awesome. Some people do rentals in this space. Okay, fine. That's up to you. I'm sitting there going, do I have 50 single family homes all across different areas where I'm responsible for the plot of land, the roof, all this stuff. And I got 50 different tenants in 50 different locations and 50 different this and 50 different that and 50 blah, blah, blah, blah. No. 50 people in one building, in one location, in one area, in one time, economies of scale. 50 people in a mobile home park in one location, in one area, in one scale. I drive up, hey, 50 people. or I got to drive all over town to find 50 people or 50 people all over state or condos, right? So we're out of this. We started there. Great. You can do that too. You need to graduate. Two to four unit space. Love that. Four units, two units all in a singular space. That's great. You got to graduate through that and progress. We did the same. Then you're going to move through that. Awesome. The party begins right here. Five plus, ideally 20 to 50. The real game starts at 100 plus, economies of scale. That's where the real game starts, is the 100 plus unit space for the types of real estate. So hope this makes sense. Now we're gonna jump into module two, where we're gonna get into the different ways to invest in real estate, right? Passive and active and how that can really work and the different types of the different types within passive and active for you to get into the real estate investing game. Because even we, even though we actively invest, right? And manage and run everything, we also passively invest. We're doing that with the mobile homes. I'll show you how that works scale your money, partner with people, and make that money really work for you and not just try and follow just controlling everything. So let's jump into the next module, module two. Hope this makes sense. Get the show notes, finish the assessment, we'll see you in the next field. Thank you. Finish the show notes, get the assessment, we'll see you in the next module. Take care.