All right, welcome to the next module where we talk about business systems and the team. Business systems and the team. So if you're looking to kind of really do multifamily, right, we're doing more than just maybe one property for yourself or a little two to four unit, but you're actually trying to grow into an actual business, right? You have to have systems, logistics, and operations in place, right, that'll allow you to scale when you're ready to kind of turn on that switch. And you can look professional to investors and other people, of course, that you're trying to bring on and attract into your systems, they want to make me think about it like this. If you were going to give your money to me, right, it's hard-earned money. You want to make sure that you like and you trust the person you're about to invest with in, that they're going to, number one, invest your money correctly, number two, get you your money back, and number three, have a return on it, ideally, right? But you want to make sure that they have their stuff together and they're not all scatterbrained all over the place and they actually have organizations, systems and operations and logistics in place and are true professionals and can execute, right? No different. If you're trying to flip that switch and do the same for yourself, you need to have some things in place. And so for my background, some people have different personality styles. I'm more of an analytical. I'm all about systems and operations and planning and planning and plan for a plan and all that stuff. Not everybody's like that. That's okay. You need to hire that type of person or partner with that type of person if that's not you, because you need that logistics, the operational kind of systems on the back end, the analytical, if you're more the visionary, right? And if you're the analytical, you kind of need that visionary. So you need both, the yin and the yang, right? Because you can't be both. Most people aren't. So you need to be able to partner or sign or hire or both with that type of system. But that's into the team side. Let's get into the business systems first, and then we'll jump into the who needs to be surrounded in your team right after this. So let's go. Okay. So you're looking to start a multifamily business. I would almost even put this one that's number five up here at number one. You need to form your entity, typically an LLC. This is going to be formed usually in the state that you're living in because regardless of where you may own properties, maybe it's in other states, that money is going to be flowing back into ideally where you live, the state in which you live in. So that initial kind of asset management or conglomerate entity, the kind of holdings company if you want to call it that is your LLC call it whatever you want Your name capital LLC Whatever it is you want Ours is Brennan Poly Group LLC That is the conglomerate right The main kind of holdings company And then we own properties all over the country throughout the United States. And of course the Brennan Poly Group has interest, ownership interest in those individual entities in the States. Okay. But you need that main one. So, create the entity. You can do it very easily. You don't need to hire a legal Zoom with some other people. Some people just go for that because they don't know how to do it. You can go direct to the Secretary of State's website in your state, fill out some forms, pay about 100, 200 bucks, maybe less, form your entity. It's very easy to do. It's a couple pieces of paperwork. You can find videos on YouTube about it. I'm trying to give you behind the scenes here because you don't need to go pay LegalZoom and pay all these people hundreds of dollars, maybe a thousand dollars to form your entity for you. You just don't. It's very easy for you to do it if you just want to take a little bit of time, get on YouTube, a video real quick, but go to the Secretary of State's website in your state. There's little buttons on there you can click, forming an entity. You fill out some paperwork. It's very, couple pieces of paper, right? Mail that in with your check of your $125 or whatever it is. Boom, your entity is now officially formed. Congratulations. It's that simple. So that's for the legal side of getting your entity underway, okay? Now, you need some accounting software, bookkeeping and stuff like that. We use QuickBooks, right? You can You can use whatever you want. We use QuickBooks, a lot of companies do. You need to have that basis in place, right? And have that in place for your accounting software and systems, okay, for your business, right? Number two, a good CRM and a good portal. We use what's called SyndicationProw. Very cost effective. I knew the owner when he started the company several years ago. Very good software program. There are several out there that you can look at and interview. There's Juniper Square. There's a few others. Cash something, Cash Flow. There's another investor portal and stuff. But it's a CRM that allows you to bring leads as well as investors into your portal system. Give the investors a back-end kind of login so they can basically log into your systems just like you'd be logging into your bank and have a nice investor relations experience, user experience with you as an investor to get comfortable. So it provides both a CRM as well as a portal for your investors and for yourself So you can manage people both leads as well as investors and everything and all your deals in the back end of this and then your clients and investors and everybody are seeing kind of the portal front for themselves as an investor okay So that a great operational system in place. Got to have a website, guys. At the filming time of this, it's 2022, so you need a website. I don't care if it's basic. We use Wix. All our websites are built off of the Wix platform. Very easy plug and play, drag and drop. Everything interacts and connects. Beautiful system. Great website. Website, website. So you have a nice frontage. Set it up. If you don't know how to do it, great. Hire somebody on Fiverr.com. F-I-V-V-E-R.com. Fiverr.com. $100, $200, $300. Very simple. And they can drag and drop and create a nice little basic website about you and your company and what you're doing. Logos, all free there. So I can even put in here like 3A. I think it's that, .com. All your freelancers. Get your logo made, right? Get your website set up. Get any kind of collateral materials, flyers, brochures, whatever you want. Boom, boom, boom. Very simple and easy. So get that set up, okay? Number four, you need a lead funnel, lead magnets, okay? So for us, we set up multifamily intelligence. How do you think you got here, right? Multifamily intelligence, multifamily schooled. Multifamily schooled provides the educational side of things for people wanting to learn like yourself. Multifamily intelligence is really just, we can set up meetup groups. We have just data and information about multifamily, provide tons of content online. It's out there into the universe, right? Brings people in, attracts them in, and that gets you into the multifamily schooled side of it. And then you take a look and you're like, hey, maybe I just want to be an investor. Maybe I want to get learning. I want to do it for myself, whatever it is. But you have these flows and the lead flow is going to allow that to happen. So think of it for yourself, how you're going to be putting content out into the universe, whether it's YouTube, social media, but you got to create those lead funnels and lead magnets to attract people into them, right? Your everyday individual like yourself, it's just trying to learn, right? And then you find out later, hey, you know, I just, it's not really for me or, you know, I want to do it for myself or help me out, but maybe I just looking to invest I like what you doing I want to invest alongside you Let go get some deals So you got to have the lead flow and the lead funnels and stuff You got to set that up I going to probably have a whole course on that because it is really cool And I took some great ones as well So I can kind of help you through that. We'll probably set up another one for you too. So, but you need the lead flow, got to have the lead funnel. And we already talked about the entity. So really you got five kind of things for your business system. So you got the accounting, you got your CRM, which provides the kind of the portal. So Syndication Pro is the one we used. I don't get paid by them, but they're a great company. There's several out there, but CRM and portal for that. You got to have your website, right? You can go to fiverr.com and get all that set up. You use Wix. We use wix.com for our actual website. And then we hired third party kind of freelancers to help anything on there. It's super cheap. And then your lead funnels and lead flow. You can set up your social media people. You can get them at fiverr.com too. Pretty much anything you want, anything you want. You You want a new dog? Fiverr.com. Just kidding. But leaf flows and funnels and then your entity and your logos and all that stuff. So you got your entities here. You can go hire LegalZoom. You can go hire somebody else, but you don't need to do that. You can go straight to the Secretary of State's website, set up your entity, do the name search just to verify that it's available. It probably is. And then that way it's pretty cheap. $100, $200 to file. You have it. You want to do it in the state that you live in. Well, number one, because the state's going to force you to. If you live in California like us, we can't go form Brennan Pulley Group LLC in Texas to try and avoid taxes. California will hammer you because I live in California. They're not going to allow that money to flow back here and not get benefits. So it needs to be in the state that you live in. And then that way you have the holdings company in place because that's where your taxes are basically going to be based out of. Okay. And then when you own property, you would have an LLC, a specific LLC for that asset when you get big enough, right? If you're doing just your own money and stuff, you don't need that. But if you're starting to bring in other investors, they're going to want a single asset entity specific to that asset only. And then you'll have a single purpose entity for that in the state in which the property is located nine times out of 10. There's caveats to that too, but we'll get into that some other lessons. So this is your business side of it. I hope this makes sense. Let's jump into the people you need around you and your team in order for the business to grow. So take care. Talk to you soon.