Hey, how are you? Justin Brennan here. I'm going to be showing you as we walk on site today, this is at one of our complexes here in Texas. It's a 121-unit deal. I'm going to show you, obviously, the property in general, how the operations work, whether this is a 121-unit or obviously a smaller 8, 10, 20-unit. The difference is whether or not you have on-site management and maintenance. That's the only major difference. But in terms of operations and the properties. It's units, it's units, it's units. But I'm going to show you how we do renovations as well. I'm going to show you standard units and then our renovation units, units that are under reno and then things that are obviously in the process and what it's kind of before and afters and kind of walk through some things. So I'll set this up in different segments. We're going to start with just looking at the general property and how you would operate. So let's go. So you're getting some real behind the scenes. So this is the front of the complex. And this thing was all brown, all nasty looking before the signage was all old. You know, now obviously we came in with new balloons, new signage, new branding, kind of cleaned some things up a bit. And then you enter the complex, we came in with some new branding. This center up here is the leasing center. I'm going to show you that in just a second. It was an old laundry and looked pretty crappy. So I'll kind of point some before and after photos and stuff like that. But now we kind of turned it into kind of a charming More colonial style black and white with the red door theme and came in here and Made it charming. So I'll show you the model unit which is next to it Just kind of panning around for you So every complex of the decent size that's going to have on-site maintenance on-site management leasing all of that this is our model unit that we would bring folks into to kind of show them if we don't have any units to show them specifically we can show them one of our model units so with these we go with an agreeable gray paint LVT vinyl flooring obviously have it staged up a little bit with these we went with the graphite gray which has like a blue tone to it because we're in the medical district here in San Antonio. We did quartz tops, stainless steel appliances. And the same thing in here, nice and clean. But this is what a model unit would set up as and you decorate it No different if you were flipping a house and you modeled the house staged a house before you sold it Same concept You set up a few units or one unit within a complex You have a space to bring tenants to kind of show them what they can expect. And then to kind of show you just some of the marketing materials, this is a little trifold brochure. We have multiples. This is the most commonly used one because prospects love it. A little trifold comes in, gives them photos, info, all the floor plans. some of the deals, yards, all that stuff, townhomes. Gives them the features and benefits, some of our pricing and fees and all that on the back and all of that. It's a nice little trifle that they can take with them and come and go from the property. Now we're down actually in the courtyard, and all this was just old concrete and everything before. We're coming in and putting a little kids' play set, some palapas in here, a little cornhole with a new barbecue. just to kind of add some amenities and then tracking down this way heading towards the pool area so this is the pool area on the property and then that's a laundry and a gym that's over there on that side um but this is kind of what the larger complexes you know deal with this is a 1972 product so purchased it as a class c asset renovated over the last 24 months turning it known to stabilization mode. Moved it to probably a B-minus asset. By doing all the reno, about $2 million went into this property, about $14,000 a unit. But drastic improvement if you would have seen this thing 18 months ago. So I'm going to take you in a unit that's under renovation. This was a rough one. It's had a lot of water damage. It was an evicted tenant. Now we've come in, it's about 70% done, done a lot of the gray paint. Obviously the flooring still needs to be done. But in the process of renovating this unit, upgrading the countertops, all the cabinets, new appliances will be going in here. These ones have backyards in them through the townhomes. This is a 1680 square foot unit, three bedroom, two and a half bath. It's got the upstairs there, I won't take you down there. But yeah, I'm trying to think if we actually have classic units that I could show you on site. I don't think we have at the moment, but this is the most in-rento stage one that we have. The other ones are about 90, 95% done. And when we come into these units just to give you an idea of what we do in terms of process is yes they kind of give you an idea of you know you doing well when you in Texas and you have sweat stains so in renovating these units this one is a this was a this is going to be in about a nine thousand dollar reno in this one it's paint resurfacing countertops tubs all that new fixtures for the lights fans some plumbing fixture upgrades depending on the unit and the quality appliance upgrades if they need them obviously all new floors 90% of the time with new carpet it and all that gets done and you have supply chains. So we have a supply room on site. We also have a maintenance room on site. Supply chain is what everybody uses when you got to go get supplies, bring them back to the units and or we'll put them in kits in the units themselves. So it just kind of depends unit to unit and when we're renovating. But that's the typical process. We have two crews that are working on site doing the renovations and then you have your normal maintenance person and then we have an in-house leasing and management person. And that's how this property operates 120 units. This one brings in about 142,000 gross potential each month and collecting around about 150,000 EGI. When you affect a gross income, we include other income and all that other stuff, taking out vacancy, economic losses, all that stuff, about 150 some odd thousand, give or take. And then all of that. So I can go through all the financials and stuff, but this is how a property is going to operate on site on the larger scale. And whether this is 121 units, which is what we have here, or a 10-unit one that you may be buying, the only difference is really on-site management and maintenance. You're either going to have an off-site property management crew or an on-site. In this case, it's a big enough property that can handle payroll. That's why everybody's on-site. No different than if you're living in an apartment complex right now, you have an on-site leasing and management maintenance center, right? and people there to help out when you have issues getting on in the amenities, all that stuff. So same same issue and if you have a smaller complex you go direct to the off-site property management or the owner. So I hope this makes sense. All right so I'm going to now show you the ugly side of apartment ownership and that is when you have water damage and floods which inevitably will happen. So on this topic of water damage, how do you avoid some water issues, especially if you're doing renovations and construction? Number one, when you're doing your tours and due diligence inspections of the property make sure that you check that every single building has a water shutoff Also you want to inspect the angle stops Angle stop, just so you're aware of it, an angle stop is under the sink or a sink or something that actually you've seen a million times and you'd shut off your water. That's where your supply lines are at. So, that's your angle stops. You'll have a supply line angle stop for your toilets, for your sinks, all of that that will shut off. You want to make sure those are in decent condition. So just, you know, inspect those things in general as you're going through doing inspections. See how bad they are, if they're really bad. You also, number two, you would ideally like copper pressure lines, or if it's a new complex, they'll be using what's called PEX. Galvanized piping, typically you're going to see, this is a galvanized piping product mixed in with copper in older complexes, right? 1940s, 50s, 60s, 70s, you would see the galvanized piping, sometimes copper, depends on where you're at in the country. Ideally, you want copper. Galvanized tends to erode a little bit more, so you can have some more explosions and issues with the water damage. So it's just things to kind of pay attention to, but inspecting to make sure you can shut off the property, shut off the water, and building to building as close to the unit as you can. So that way, in the event of an emergency, you can quickly get to it without disrupting as many tenants as you can as well. Does that make sense? So you want the water shut off to the main line as close to the building as possible or at the building or at the unit. Maybe you can shut it off unit by unit. That would be incredible. Most can't, right? Most it's building to building. And then inside the units, you can shut off the little angle stops at the locations of the sinks and toilets and stuff like that. So I hope that makes sense. very very very important little piece when you're doing your diligence to hopefully avoid stuff like this um and trying to think what else uh if you're doing reno's to kind of avoid some of the water damage stuff um hmm if you are in cold climate weather typically when you get into winter seasons if you come to a freeze point you're going to get freezing weather coming in for any substantial period of time, you would then send out notices to all your tenants to drip the sink lines or just barely drip their kitchen sink water to keep the water flowing in the pipes so it never freezes. Because if you get into freezing temperatures, some of the pipe systems can freeze, then they explode. And then you're in deep, you know what. So stuff to think about when you're dealing in especially different weather climates around the United States.