Good morning. How's everyone doing? We'll wait everybody for coming here in just a second. Beautiful, beautiful. How's everybody doing today? Chime in in the chat. Exciting. Thumbs up. That's good. Thumbs sideways. All of the above. Awesome. That's good news. Good to hear. Architects coming over tomorrow for initial site visit for the three units. Good to hear, Brent. That's awesome. Yeah, Colin's good. So I'm glad you got to connect with him. We're finalizing a deal out in La Mesa right now. I mean, it's final and approved. We're just dealing a little bit with the neighbor that shares an access easement on the same street as our project. So, you know, they want to be a little difficult. Awesome. Great. Well, since we have, it looks like we've got, oh, we do have Hayden on. Awesome. So Hayden and Matt, what I'm actually, if you're on here too, in just a few minutes, if you don't mind, I'm going to bring up your pitch deck for your deal in Tucson. Since we are just top of mind, we were just chatting about it. And you're also looking to raise a little bit more capital. So if there's anybody in this class today that may know some folks or maybe even yourselves, you know, that's part of the community and everything that we're doing is to expose deals and opportunities across the board. so that way people can get their deals funded or maybe people want to co-invest work together but i think it'll be a good chance this is just one example we have a few of them going on right now but i think that'd be interesting and i'll show you kind of the their pitch deck they use our template which you have in your portals you have you not you have a new template in there now too which is even better but either one and they obviously are set to close on this deal here in April. So beautiful. So if you're kind of new to this and you've gone through some of the trainings and stuff in your back end, you'll have seen this chart a few times in a lot of the videos and everything that we've done. But these are really the five pillars of buying an apartment building. And like we said, it doesn't matter whether it's a two unit deal or a hundred unit a deal. All the same process. All the same process. And you have to learn how to find them first, right? And how do you do that? That's where people can get stumped sometimes. Or how do you put deals together, structure them? But the finding part is hence stage one. Once you've found a few, you've got to be able to analyze them and do it pretty quickly. That way you can see whether it's a good deal or not. And we teach a lot of this. And then raising the capital. So for example, with Matt and Hayden on where they're at. They found a deal. They analyzed it. It makes sense. They got it into escrow. Now, they're in this process right here, which is the closing and capital stage. They work in unison, but they do separate. You have to focus on them differently because there's different processes for each, but they all align. That's where Matt and Hayden are at in this process. And even like Vanessa out in Kansas City and a few others right now, very, very similar processes where they're kind of right here in the middle. And then once they close, then they're going to get into the management and operations side. So, but that is it. Those are the five steps. And depending on where you're at comfortable wise or where you feel you need the most help, that's why we are here. That's why, you know, when you're going through, we teach the finding side when you get to that, but analyzing deals, when you analyze things using the pro forma templates that we give you, we want you to send us your numbers so we can look alongside you and give you some tips and tricks. Hey, you're doing it this way. You're not doing it this way. Figure it out. Tweak this, do that. So along that process with your account manager and our team, we'll help you analyze and double check your numbers. And then at that point, then you're kind of going through the, okay, we're going to make an offer, you know, all this stuff. So to give you an example. I, with one of the students right now, come next week, he has to have, you know, we found a deal, like we already found it. He, we underwrote it. The deal's not going to work. It's not the point, but I want him going through the process of contacting the broker, visiting the property, doing the tour, right? Making the connection because that's the key piece to it. Because even though this deal may not work, other ones will. Now, once you've made that relationship, now you may start to see some off-market deals versus just the stuff on Crexie.com. That's the key. And actually submit an offer, which is not going to be anywhere in line with where the property or where the seller wants, but it's not the point. You're making the connections. You're going through the process and you're simulating that, get comfortable with it, that A to Z, and you're building relationships. Because then you go to that broker after the whole kind of song and doodle that you're going to do. And you say, listen, obviously this isn't going to work. Seller wants here. This is where we're at. It's too big of a gap. But if you have other similar deals that may be coming up in the marketplace, please send them to me. Here's my email. Here's our contact. Can I reach out to you? Like this is, we're looking. We're here. We're live. We're ready to go. That's when you're going to start to see the other 60%, right? Because we talked about, you know, in the finding deals part, I mean, really, you have the on market and then the off market. 60% of all the deals in the market are off market. This is why people get frustrated saying, I can't find deals. Well, no joke, because only 40% you're seeing on LoopNet or Crexie.com or any of these websites. And on that, 95% of them are overpriced, right? They're not good deals. So you have to typically negotiate down to find a good deal. That's fine. but really what you're doing is you're leveraging this process to get to this process, which you'll never get here unless you start here. You have to use that in the connections with the brokers to get them to like you and trust you to start showing you this. This is where all the deals are really at at the end of the day. You can find decent deals here, but the best deals are going to be found here. Does that make sense? Awesome. Cool. So. Now that you kind of revamped on this, send us some questions, put it in the chat while you're here and shoot us some emails and text messages offline. If you have questions about these stages and where you're at, maybe you're stumped in a couple areas. Maybe you're still having a hard time finding deals and analyzing them. Well, let us know. But you have to start going through that exercise of underwriting some stuff. So if you're stuck here in kind of one and two, great. Reach out to us so we can help guide you through that process. So very, very important. So let me go ahead and throw up. This is the Menlo Townhomes. Awesome. and they took the template and made it their own with their own logo and stuff for their investment group, but the template is very much the same. So this is a pitch deck, so keep in mind, they found the deal, they analyzed it, they went back and forth, they negotiated it with the broker and the seller and everybody, they went into escrow, so now they're literally in escrow. So they're getting they're in this line of stage three and four. Which is they're in the process of raising capital and obviously the loan, but they're doing seller financing and then closing on it, which is going to be coming up. So they're sitting in the stage three to four. That's where they're at in this process. They have the five pillars. But the pitch deck is designed. So we have a deal. Now we need to go raise some money from investors, from people. People we know, people we don't know, all of that. So this is that pitch deck, which is all templated in your back-end portal. You have it. Copy, paste, repeat. Go through the process of looking at it, getting comfortable with it. We have videos on it, all of that. It's all in your back-end portal. But it goes through the opportunity, the location. It's giving you the minimum investment. So if I wanted to invest in this deal, this is my minimum investment, $25,000. Very, very good. Typical, right? It's showing you preferred return. The preferred return, all that means is that the investor is going to get a return, an interest rate on their money first before any profit splits. So if you had $100 coming out of the deal, right, and that investor had invested, let's call it $10,000, okay, they're going to get $600 on that before that money gets split. Okay. So if there's only if there's a thousand dollars coming out, they're getting 600 first. So now there's 400 left. And of the 400 left, now it gets split based upon their splits. Here are 75 percent, 25 percent, 75 percent, 25 percent. So that's the split post the preferred return. And then they're projecting an internal rate or an annual rate of return on an investor's money at about 17 plus percent a year. Very good. Equity multiple if you don recall what those are all that means is if I give you you projecting that I going to get back out through the life of the project through the whole life of the project So in total if I give you 100 I getting 258 out Okay. That's what that equity multiple means. And based on this, I'm going to get about 17% a year on my money. Okay. Because that's pretty much what this number is going to equate to, if I'm going from 100 to 258 and I annualize that, it's going to look somewhere around that. Because if I were to take that, add 17% to it, add 17% to it, 17% to it, 17% to it, pretty sure I'd end up very close to that by the end of the deal. Does that make sense? But that's what they're showcasing here for investors. That way, I mean, listen, if you came to me and said, hey, it's 25 grand, you can get 17%, blah, blah, blah. And it's kind of in our wheelhouse of where and what I want to invest in. this is a pretty good deal. I mean, where else are you going to get 70% on your money attached to a real estate asset that's collateralized, free cash flowing in a pretty good market? So, use me on that. Awesome. And then going into the project overview, once again, a little bit of the location. So, they're in the Menlo Park. So, that is just west of the main freeway there, which is the 10 freeway in Tucson. You have the university system. So you have U of A, University of Arizona, just to the right over there on the right-hand side of the freeway there. And then this goes into some of the highlights for the investment. So they're saying, okay, 17 plus percent on the IRR, right? The annual rate of return, cash on cash, projections are on 9.74. The investor gets 75% of the deal. They have a 36-month seller-financed loan. So the seller is giving them seller financing, which is great. Pretty cool at a great interest rate. They're purchasing it out of three cap. It's obviously under market rents. They're going to be doing renovations and improvements to the property. They're refinancing later in a six cap and sell it a six cap. Debt coverage ratio, that's obviously for the loan factor. They're raising about 600 grand. So they're looking for a few hundred thousand dollars left to close out the deal and close it. So if you know of anybody, they're buying it for a million 340. They got a down payment here and then some closing costs. It's broken down in here for sources and uses of the money. This just kind of goes into the unit mix, interior shots, photos. Right. Pretty decent little floor plans. They're already upgraded in certain ways. Little townhome setups. Going through the team. That's obviously a timeline closing in April. And then you get into the market, right? Just market stats and dynamics. They have a pro forma you know broken out year by year over the course of the deal sources and funds so this is kind of showing you source of the money equity 600 grand telefinancing of the loan that's 800 grand total of a million 407 use of the funds obviously have a sales price closing costs that gets you to the million 407 and then some other kind of metrics and stats just kind of breaking it down for anybody And then how to invest. This breaks down the general partner and limited partner. So on these deals, when they get structured, as we've talked about, you have the property. Let me stop showing here real quick so I can show you this. Perfect. Okay. Awesome. So you have your property and then they're breaking it out like this. So this is Menlo Park. And I'll say LLC. That's the property that's going to be under an LLC. You have general partner, which is them. You have limited partners, which are your investors. Based on this deal, the investors are going to get 75% of the deal. and a 6% preferred return. Okay. And that equates to, when you kind of put all that together, about a 17% IRR and about a 9% cash on cash. Sorry, my writing's bad. Just going sideways. But that's kind of the return metrics for the deal. Okay. So when you get 75% of the deal and a 6% fref and you annualize that over the five-year hold of the deal, I'm getting about 17% on my money per year, 9% on my money, like the fiscal cash out, right? Because this number here includes the cash plus appreciation in the property. So when you say 17%, What that means is you take all the free cash flow, you add in the appreciation projections of the property over the years that you're going to own it, and that profit, right? So you take the profit with the cash, you combine it together, that's where you're getting the 17% plus IRR. Does that make sense? Awesome. because that's the important factors for people to understand when you're looking at these metrics. Cash on cash is physical, like literal cash. I give you $100, right? I'm getting $9 a year out. For every $100, I'm getting $9 out, okay? And, yeah, that's correct. And then 17% is, yeah, I'm getting the $9 plus profits from the sale. and appreciation and all that that happens. So that's where you annualize your money. And then the GP over here, they're going to get 25%. Okay. But here's the good news. So let's say they came in here and put in 50K. Actually, in their case, if they're raising 600 grand, maybe their numbers. Do you guys break out? how much you're putting in the deal. But either way, let's say if it's 600 grand total, maybe they're putting in 60K. Yeah, that makes sense. So 540 is coming from over here. They already gave us that number. Excuse me. So 540 from limited partner, 60K here. Now, remember, what we've talked about, the benefit of being a general partner is a fewfold. This 60,000 gets the 25% plus it gets structured. So let's say you had one, two, three, four, five investors, right? Investor one is 25K. Then you have 50K. Then you have 150K. Whatever, right? I'm just putting in some numbers here. They're going to be right here at 60K. So they are a limited partner and a general partner. They get to double dip. So their money is getting a 6% prep and the 75% plus. Once they give the returns here and they meet those returns there to the investors, they also get what they call the promote. That's called a promote. 25% bump. It's like a bonus. You do awesome at your job, you get a 25% bonus. Because you kicked ass, you took names. You gave all the investors their returns. Because keep in mind, this doesn't happen unless you give investors this. Because they come first before you get your promote. But if you produce this for your investors, you get a 25% bump. But you also get to play ball as one of your investors. You're getting that, so you're not working for free. You're getting the same thing, plus you get your bonus. You're incentivized to kick ass because you get a 25% bonus, but then you're also, your money's making money over here. Does that make sense? And I'm not sure how they structured if they did a, did you guys do it? I think you guys did acquisition fees and stuff, but I'm not 100% sure. Asset management fee of two, 25%. Did you guys sponsor receives a 2% acquisition fee? Gotcha. Okay, so you guys did do that. Great. Because over here, too, they're also going to get a 2% acquisition fee and a 1% dispo fee, they call it, disposition. So when they buy the deal for $1,304,000, they're going to get about $30,000 on an acquisition fee. Is that about right, Hayden, if you're still in here? Okay. Yeah. So I want you to pay attention to this because this is really important. They're coming out of pocket with $60,000. The day they close escrow, they get a check for $30,000. so they really only have $30,000 in the deal. Does that make sense? Meanwhile, their 60K, because it's invested, is getting 17%, they're getting 17% projections on their 60K, but they really only have 30,000 in because the minute they closed escrow, they got 30,000 back for putting the deal together. And then on top of that, when they go to sell it, because they're going to sell for over $2 million, they're going to get another $20,000 on top of that, give or take. So in plus they going to get management fees plus they get all this plus they get this That why you the general partner That why you doing all of this hard work to do You not working for free You get paid handsomely if you produce. If you produce. When you produce, you get paid handsomely. That's why you do this. That's why you do it. Because this is basically like a commission for putting the deal together because you work. It takes a lot, right? And that's why you do it. And then you're going to get this for selling the property for max dollars because you don't get this unless you kick ass and take names on the exit and you get all your investors this. That's why you're doing it. Really important to understand that because people, they don't grasp the value in the general partnership sometimes because they're not really understanding how you get to double dip and then you get the acquisition fees, you get a disposition fee, asset management fees, all these other fees for putting and running the deals. plus your money's invested right alongside your investors, pair or pursue, you get that benefit plus your own benefit. You get both sides of the deal, and that's why you do it. Any specific questions regarding this? I know it's a lot of scribbling on the screen, but that's basically what's going down with Menlo Park. and Hayden if you don't mind if I can bring you on because the real big question that I think would be helpful is how'd you find it in walking through that how did you find it are you available to come on because this is where i think a lot of people get caught right now is in this kind of steps one and two right finding and analyzing finding and analyzing finding and analyzing right and actually getting a deal to make some sense and then pulling the trigger on it, right? It's very, very important. So, awesome. Let me go ahead and bring you on here real quick. You, for whatever reason, it is not showing you in the participants, but you're in the chat. I don't know. Odd. Huh, weird. Maybe type in the chat real quick how you found it, and then I'll bring it up. If it was through broker or other. I think it was through the broker by making some inroads on some other stuff that then led you to that stuff and stuff like that. So I'm not mistaken. Yeah. Yeah. So found it through the broker. Were you initially searching online and then that led you to the relationship with the broker? And was this on or off market when you found it? Gotcha. Yeah, so you can see in the chat. So they started on Crexie, LoopNet, either one, led them to some opportunities. They found the broker. Was this one on market when you actually went after it, or was it shared with you pre-market once you met the broker from Crexie? Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. Which makes sense. Same thing we did. So went on Crexie LoopNet, looked at a bunch of deals, started pinging a bunch of the brokers because you can see them, right? If you go right on Crexie.com. log it in real quick one second I'm pulling up Tucson Arizona and I'll share this with you real quick. Right. So Tucson, Arizona, and you can click on them, right? Even these seven units right here for 700 grand. Once again, you start to see the broker's information right here, right? If you start to see consistency, hey, this broker does a decent amount of deals, you got to start pinging them. Even if this deal is not going to work, you ping him and you start building relationships. Hey, John. Hey, Joe. Hey, Joanne. Whatever it is. You know, ping, ping, ping, ping, ping, ping, ping, ping. Start getting the filters back, build the relationships. Hey, I saw your deal online at such and such address. That one doesn't look like it's going to work for us. But do you have other ones that are off market currently that we may be able to consider we're looking for? Right. And then that's where you say, hey, we're looking for deals anywhere, you know, eight units to 20 units. in this marketplace, you know, kind of in these areas, you know, how can we get access to those? And that's how you go from the on to the off, the on to the off. And we're here to guide you through the entire process. So beautiful. Um, Yeah, that makes sense. That's good. That's good advice. And what Hayden was saying in the chat, if you can look into the chat right now is, yeah, once they had gone through a few of the brokers not doing anything, it's no different than any market. You have a few that are doing the majority of the business, but the ones that are, you keep pinging them and pinging them, right, every week for a little bit of time until you build the relationship. And then they see, oh, gosh, okay, these people are real. And what I used to do, which I had mentioned to you, is once I had selected a market I wanted to invest in, Kansas City was one of them. Texas, another one. Arizona, Las Vegas, markets that we knew, okay, we want to look in these markets. I scheduled a plane plane for a three-day visit, two-day, or two-to-three-day visit. and I went ahead and I had two or three properties that I wanted to tour lined up. So that way I could go out there, I could tour the markets, get comfortable with it, spend a couple of days and then have a couple of meetings set up with some brokers to tour a couple of properties. Even though I know full well, those properties probably wouldn't work out. It wasn't the point. I knew that if those properties didn't work, other ones would. And then that way I can have the broker's connections eyeball to eyeball because now they know you're a real human being and you're trying to do some things. So that's how that relationship and access starts. And that's how you go from the on to the off, the on to the off. But you've got to start with the on. You have to start with the on because that's the only way you're going to find the brokers. That's the only way you're going to then be able to set up some appointments. And then you just got to take that leap and go out there and get outside of your comfort zone and make it happen, right? It's not going to happen by accident. You're not automatically one day going to just light bulbs in the sky are going to come around. So you got to get out there and kind of force the uncomfortable. Right. They say that everything you want in life is just outside of your comfort zone. It's just outside of there. Right. When you get to the edge of anything you want to do and you start pulling yourself back, that's when you go. Like that's when you go, because that's when you know, oh, shit, like I'm right there. I'm uncomfortable now. That lets you know something that's telling you, OK, like this is where we just got to go. I got to just burst through. I got to make it happen. Get out there. And then once you do that, then you're like, oh, like, OK, that wasn't so bad. Like, I feel really good about it. And now I got to tour the market. I got to see some things. I got to meet a couple of people. So that starts to build some confidence, trust in yourself. So that way, all this starts to make sense and apply. Right. Because you can do all the book training you want and you can watch all the courses and videos and everything you want. But we have to take it from that world into the application world. The only way that's going to happen is you've got to look for the deals. You've got to then take it from the on to the off market by reaching out. No different than many of the students who have executed. Because your story is very, very similar to several of the others, Hayden and Matt, where they literally, that's what they did. and they made that leap because they started contacting the brokers and using these on markets to get to the off, onto the off, onto the off. And they kept ping, ping, ping, ping, ping, ping, ping. And then eventually the broker said, okay, yeah, we're looking, here's a deal that's coming on. Here's a deal that's coming on before they actually came on the market. And then you fly out or you drive out or maybe it's in your backyard. So that way it's very close and you can tour a few deals, take some hands, right? Eyeball, eyeball, pass a little business card around and that whole prospect happens. It's really, really, really important because that is how you go from the virtual course world of portals and learning to like, oh, this stuff's real. And that's how it happens. That's how it happens. You got to use the virtual world to get to the office. No different than if you were going to buy your own primary residence. You're going to look on all the portals, realtor.com, Zillow, Redfin, all those sites. And then you're going to you know, reach out, schedule some property tours, meet some brokers and people and find neighborhoods and things that you like. Same thing. But now you're doing it for the commercial side because you want to buy some apartments. Same thing. It's just, you know, you're stepping into a new game and it's a little uncomfortable because you haven't done it before. So that would be the advice to any of you that are kind of stuck in these little pockets here. You got to go make that happen for yourself. Nobody can do that for you. We can help you literally guide you and hold your hand through the entire process, but I can't force you to make the calls. I can't force you to go travel to the areas and tour the neighborhoods. I can't force you to do that. I can just help you along the way. And our team can do the same. It's really, really important. Any other questions on this specifically? I wanted to show you because this is like a live, real deal that's in the works. And I'll show you some more next week with some of the other students in there and I bring them up But I think that be really helpful You kind of see how this transition happens for different levels And I think if I'm not mistaken, hey, this is going to be your first, you know, 10 plus unit deal, right? Yeah, that's awesome. It's awesome. One other question. And are you guys going to manage it yourselves or are you looking at third party? Okay, gotcha. Gotcha. Do you have a property management software? You do not. Okay. So I want you to go look at a cheap one, but it's a good one. It's called RentTech. RentTech. R-E-N-T-E-C. RentTech. Okay. I think we actually may even have it in, we may have it in the portal. I'm not 100% sure. Okay. Yeah. Rent Tech Direct. Rent Tech Direct. I think it's like $52 a month. It's a pretty efficient software for where you're at in your growth. And you can manage, you know, hundreds of units in deals with that. It's sufficient enough and it's relatively inexpensive. So that would be my recommendation if you're going to manage from afar for now. and then you can plug in your day-to-day manager in there. So that way they can work within the system with you and everything can go in there. Everything, right? From financials to marketing to everything goes in there. No different than any of those major softwares out there. And it's relatively inexpensive because you're too small to go get like some major, you know, property management software. It just doesn't make sense. It would cost you hundreds, if not thousands of dollars a month. it doesn't financially pencil. So this one will for 50, 60 bucks a month all day long. All day long. Awesome. So that would be that recommendation there called RentTech. And if you're going to be managing, if any of you are watching this too and you want one, yeah, it's called RentTech. tech. So pretty good little software for what it is. It could always be better, but for 50, 60 bucks a month, and it does a lot for that 50, 60 bucks. That's why I say great value, stay low in budget, but execute well. So awesome. Yeah. So you don't have to just in terms of the management side, we haven't talked to too much. I mean, we have all the core stuff on it and the management. But in terms of managing properties well. Listen, it'd be no different if you're managing. I mean, it's small enough deals. If you're managing your own properties, you need to find out. You can have your own lease agreements and addendums and all that stuff, but it would be worthwhile finding out from the broker there on the deal in Arizona if there is a standard state rental agreement contract. No different than, for example, in some of our bigger deals around the country, depending on where it's at, let's say Texas, they have what's called a TAA. Texas Apartment Association contract. And all the property management companies, even the big ones, small ones, doesn't matter. They all use the same contract and then they apply their own addendums to it. OK, so that's the only piece of the puzzle because the marketing and everything else and the day to day and all that is the same. But see if there's a specific contract for the state of Arizona that you would use and the broker would know that. So ask the broker. because you would apply that here in the management site. But other than that, no. I mean, every tenant, they're going to get access to the online portal system, so they can log in to their resident portal. They can pay their rent through it. They can submit a work order, like if there's a repair. They can submit that through tenant portal. And any of that day-to-day operations, they can have a phone number for it, et cetera, et cetera. So all of that, the software will help manage that for you. But you definitely want the right contract. So that way, you know, you get a tenant wanting to move in or if you're renewing leases and stuff, you have the right contracts in place for that. So that way you're legally protected and you have all that in line. That would be the only main piece of that puzzle. So. Does that help answer that question? Awesome. And then we can get into another comment. I'll touch on it real quick. If you want to manage properties well, there are four things that have to happen. If you manage these four reports, these are typically reports, your property financials will do well. If you do not manage these four reports well, your property's financials will not do well. It is literally that simple, but it's also that complicated. because people don't understand how all of these interact and why it's so critically important. The unit availability report shows you every unit that's available for rent, every unit that is coming up for rent where a tenant has given notice that they're moving out in 60, 90 days. It shows you all the units that are available for rent that aren't ready to rent yet because they're being turned over or renovated or anything like that. So it shows you everything that's ready, ready, ready to move in. Everything that's, you know, you could pre-lease, but it's not move in ready yet. Everything that is coming available, all the units that are in eviction, if you have evictions going on, it's going to show you the unit availability, like all the different classifications of your property and where they're at in those stages. So that way, you know what's going on with your freaking complex. That report, you manage that report well and you know where everything's at, your property will kick ass. Delinquency. So that kind of speaks for itself. If people don't pay rent and you're not getting good collections, you're in deep crap. So you need to keep the delinquency down, keep collections up. You want this unit availability close to zero as you can. Obviously, you're going to, I mean, you want everything fully occupied, fully rented. You don't, I mean, if you could have nothing on that list, it'd be amazing. But that's not reality. So delinquency, same thing. You'd love to have zero delinquency, but you want to get as close to these numbers as you possibly can. And then work orders. You'd love to have zero work orders, zero repairs. Everything's taken care of. Your tenants are happy. Customer service. Happy tenants do what? they renew their leases. Pissed off tenants don't renew, they move out. So you would love to have 100% renewal rate, zero work orders, zero delinquencies, zero units available for rent. Everything's occupied. Everybody's paying their rent. Nobody has any outstanding repairs to do. And everybody that comes up for a renewal, you renew and you increase the rent. That is the best case scenario for a complex. But if you don't manage these four reports well, you can wonder why properties suffer. And they all lead to one to the other because you got to be looking. You always have to be looking 90 days out into the future. Right. What units are coming up for lease renewals? Right. How's our delinquency look? I mean, you're always looking 90 days out. into the future on that complex. Because if I see these reports, based on these reports, I can tell you how well your complex is going to do today and how well it's going to do 90 days from now, simply by looking at these four reports. So that is the creme de la creme. And we have videos and stuff in the modules for you that walk through this process for managing your deals or being an asset manager who's looking at these reports for your property management company, that you've hired, either or, either or. Awesome. I think this helps answer a lot of these things. Any other questions, let us know. But I want to make sure we went through this specific case study. I think this really helps. And then once again, if you're on here and you are stuck and you're feeling stuck in this section, I hope some of the information today kind of gets you motivated to kind of get out of that comfort zone and start executing on this stuff because this is where it lies. And if you need the help, you know, you got to reach out to us and say, hey, listen, I'm stuck here. How do I get over this hump? And we'll help guide you through it. Okay. Hope guide you through it. Awesome. Well, thanks everybody. Unless everybody has any other chats and questions, we'll go ahead and finish up today for you. Anything else? awesome cool i hope this was helpful and we will touch base here soon please reach out to us use us that's what we're here for okay take care