All right, here we go in the next module. The set of lessons in this one is dealing with financials. The financial side of it, which is most important in some ways to understand how to look at a deal quickly, understand whether or not it makes sense financially, and then if not, how to really decipher how everything kind of works together and how the numbers and the different terms and the different things of a financial analysis all interact and work and change and interact with one another on the financial statements for a multifamily or rental income property, commercial real estate type asset. Okay. So in this first lesson, we're going to get into some important terms, the most commonly used ones that you're going to see. There's also an attached file in here you can download that has all the glossary of terms with details and analysis kind of giving you kind of the backstory of every single one and what it really stands for. And you can download that as a freebie as part of this course. So the thing to kind of go into on these ones is some of your major terms you're going to hear and deal with is NOI, which is net operating income, net operating income. And what that shows, and we're going to get into this in the next lesson, is really if you take out all of your income less your expenses, that's giving you your net operating income, kind of like a gross income in a way, before you get to kind of debt service, right, or mortgages and other things on the property. So net operating income, you're going to see that very commonly used. People are always asking about it. It's always about maximizing NOI, and we'll show why this is so important. The next one is capitalization rate. Cap rate, capitalization rate. What this shows you is what is the rate of return annually on this asset if I had no debt on it? It's really the ratio of, say, your net operating income to the purchase price of the property. And we'll show how this works. But cap rate, you'll hear it. What's the cap rate? What's the cap rate for the market? How is this area? What are cap rates for this type of property in the area? You'll kind of hear that all the time. What's the cap rate? And all that means is if you had no debt on the property What is the annualized return that I going to get as an investor unlevered no leverage That what the cap rate is IRR internal rate of return. What IRR does is it takes basically all your cash on cash return in addition to any appreciation that's happening on the property over a term, over a time period. It's basically the time value of money. If I put in say 100 grand today, And then I'm getting X amount per year on a cash on cash basis, actual cash out. Plus then I go sell the property and I get a big lump sum. Then if I take all of that cash together over that time period of X amount of years, what is that on an annual basis? Internal rate of return. So the speed and the velocity of the money, right? And the time value of it is the internal rate of return, IRR. You'll hear that a lot, okay? These are very important terms and there's a lot more. That's why the glossary, if you download it, it's going to go through all of these and more. But these are the main ones. COC, cash on cash return, cash on cash return. Meaning every month, every quarter, every year, what's the actual physical cash that I'm getting out of the property? Versus IRR showing you, yeah, what's the cash on cash plus if I actually add in appreciation and profit that I'm going to get from a sale or a refinance. and I take all of that money together on top of the cash on cash return, what does that look like? You're annualizing that, right? So that's where the IRR comes in, cash on cash is, hey, if I'm getting 6% cash on cash, 8% cash on cash, 10% cash on cash, that's physical cash return on that asset every single year. What is that physical cash I'm getting returned on in addition to what you're gonna get from a profit or a sale or refinance, okay? So these are the main terms you kinda need to focus on. We're gonna get into them a little bit further. And then when we jump into how you analyze the performing, you're gonna start to see how these things work together. So let's go on to the next lesson.