All right, hey, in this little video, I'm gonna show you the pitch deck and how you would use it, how you would put it together. There are people on Fiverr.com, Fiverr.com, they'll actually do this for you, but I would recommend the first one you do to put together yourself. That's how I started, right? Because then that way you understand all the little different pieces of it. The point of the pitch deck is basically to have a package document, 20 to 30 pages, that's going to, you can send out to anybody that may have interest, or a friend that can set it to a friend, whoever it is that may have interest in your deal. Okay? And it's going to walk them through the property, what the property is, what's the investment, how much money you're raising, how much money their minimum investment is into the deal. It's going to give an information about you and maybe your team. It's going to give information about the market. So I'm going to go through the different sections of the pitch deck quickly, and then just know that a lot of the the data the information the market information all of that you can get from one of two places either the offering memorandum right the the marketing piece of the broker puts together you can actually pull and screenshots and things away from that document and put it into yours and or you can go on websites and pull the data and put it into so I'm going to show you that right now. So here we go. Downsized myself here. So cover page, little table of contents. This is the template you get. Then it's going into the property, the executive summaries, kind of going through, hey, this is who we are. This is the building we're buying. Here's what we're buying it for, how much we're raising in equity. And then just a little bit of information about what we're doing. Little property info in that. Okay. That's all it is. some more information about what we're trying to accomplish. You can get into economics, what we're doing for management, ways that we're going to be improving the property and making it better. Because you either going to improve the property through physical renovations or through operations meaning increase income decrease expenses That through management and stuff And then you going to get into kind of a capitalization summary chart This just goes into what's called sources and uses, meaning here's all the sources of the money that's coming in, both from the bank loan and then equity, your down payment cash from you and people, as well as the type of financing we're getting, how we're going to do our renovations. That's CapEx. And then some assumptions we're using and then information about the offering, meaning, hey, we're going to give you a preferred return. Here's our splits. Here's our waterfall, what they call how you're paying people out, paying people out of the deal, investors and yourself and so forth. So acquisition fees, asset management fees, construction fees, overall, just stuff involved. OK, and then you come to the next step, just some property metrics. This is all plug and play. Right. So when you're in there, you can do this. We have this exact same PowerPoint uploaded into our Canva. So if you have a Canva account, Canva, C-A-N-V-A, Canva account, you can upload it into that and you can manipulate it in there. That's how we do it. Or you can have this PowerPoint, whichever is easiest for you. And then offering summary. So now it's going into, hey, here we're purchasing it for this. We're raising this much money. We're going to be doing this much in renovations. Here's your projected returns annually on your money. That's what that is. KRR. Here's what your equity multiple is. And here is your cash on cash projected returns. And here's your preferred return. That's it. And then some of the benefits. This is all pretty standard. You just want to edit stuff down here. And then this is what's called your cap stack, capitalization stack, showing the stack of the money, right? So on this here to the right, you see, okay, you're going to get your loan. That's your debt, 75%. Then you're bringing in your partners. Your limited partners are friends, family, OPM. That's OPM is right there. And then you're the general partner. So these should stay similar, 70-30 or 80-20, depending on what you agree to on your split And then showing you how much of the equity you guys are bringing in versus your partners and the totals And then what the minimum investment So if somebody wants to get involved in this case it 50K And then it walking them through what their projected returns are going to be. Very simple, very summarized. And then here, giving you a basic timeline, you just want to edit these things here. And now this one in particular, you'll want to, when you're doing your financial analysis, this is kind of nice for a snapshot for somebody to say, hey, if I give you 100 grand, what does it look like for me? And this breaks it out. Projected returns, preferred return. This is all you got to manually enter this. Okay. There's no way around it. If you want it to look good and not just be snapshots from an Excel spreadsheet, you need to take the Excel and manually enter it in here. That's the only way to do it. Okay. So you take their projected cash flows on your Excel and you would manually enter them here. And yes, it is tedious. I get it. Do the first one yourself so you understand it. Then if you want to hire people like we do now to do this, you'll pay them a few hundred bucks on Fiverr and they'll put it together if you give them the data. Now you're getting into some photos of the property. Here's some interior, current interior, and then our renovation plan, what we're planning to do to the property. So it kind of goes through that. And you can, once again, you can snapshot things, get some photos, get some ideas. You can plug and play them and you drop it in here as you wish. but this is a template for you. Now this is unit mix. This is showing you all the different unit types on the property, current rents and then projected rents and stuff and what we're planning to do. Giving you some property location, the floor plans. You can snapshot these straight out of the OM that the broker gives you. You can do it right there. And now you're getting into the market. So where do you get the market data? From the OM, meaning the offering memorandum, the marketing piece that the broker puts out there. You can grab this data. They're probably gonna have it in there. If they don't, there's plenty of websites You can go to specific and pull this type of stuff up for the location and the area you're in. You can go to Google, all the data websites. If you go into the vendors and systems list and our data and websites PDF in the back end of your portal it going to have the websites You can actually pull up this data But there a lot of infographics and things you can grab online about your city and your town and your area that you in Okay That all you doing So this is like in terms of jobs how jobs are broken up for the area. This is showing unemployment rates and rent growth and all that population, all that. This is literally an image snapshot that's taken from the internet and I put it here for San Antonio. that's it okay that's all you're doing major employers you're grabbing this stuff right grab it online and then you get into your your unit comps so if you have a one-bedroom two-bedroom three-bedroom that type of thing that's what's going on here so these are all the one-bedroom comps these are all our two-bedroom comps these are all three-bedroom comps right you can pull up that data either the brokers gonna give it to you and you can utilize that or you you verify it through things like rent-o-meter you can go on Zillow see what things are kind of renting for versus where you're at, where you think you can go, but that's market intelligence that you need to learn about your market, okay? I'm going to keep breathing through that. The heftiest part is right here. So this is your profit and loss statement over a five-year window. So you're going to take this from your Excel, right? And you're going to plug it in here individually to make it look nice, right? There's, once again, you can screenshot and just drop in an image, sure. But if you want it to look nice, you got to come in here and do the nasty. Okay. And if you do, like I said, do the first one yourself, then hire out. Okay. So that way you understand the same thing here. And then how to invest. This is how you invest. Okay. And then it gets into your team. And then some projects maybe you've done. If you don't have any, don't put it and stuff like that. And that's it. And disclosures at the end. So these disclosures are fine. You'll want to change some of the data in here. This is a template. Change the names here. But overall, it's pretty similar. You just want to change out the name of the companies and stuff that are involved here. And that is your pitch deck. That's how you're going to do it. I hope this makes sense. Any questions, let us know. But that is how you edit and go through it in the different stages and sections of it. Take care.