Hey, how are you? Justin here. So I want to show you how to submit a deal that you have for lenders review in the back end of the system. So that way the lenders that are part of our partnership can take a look at your deal. So you're going to go ahead and log into your portal here on the back end. Yours will look a little bit different, but similar concept. And you're going to see the list of the three lenders who are our current partners in the back end. They're also going to have links similar to say Groves Capital down here for the application form where you'd actually click on that, open it up, and you'd actually submit your deal through their online application form. But their contact information is there as well to email them direct. But we'll have the links in there ideally here pretty soon. Also, you'll have other videos and stuff in here. But it should be a pretty streamlined process. So for like Walker Dunlap, for example, they focus really in their direct conduit to Freddie and Fannie Mae. and Freddie and Fannie Mae lending, typically $1 million loan amounts or more, fixed rate financing are typically the best terms in the industry in terms of rates and all that other stuff for Freddie or Fannie Mae, non-recourse debt and loans. And so they're a direct conduit. They're probably the best to deal with for Freddie or Fannie Mae. They can also broker out other CMBS loans, which is commercial mortgage-backed security loans with local commercial banks that may or may not be fixed rate loans They could also have renovation components to where they give you renovation dollars in addition to an acquisition loan Right So you have kind of two sides to it They help you with the value add type loans and financing all of that They can be very creative. So they can do that as well. MVP Capital really specializes in that CMBS target for local commercial banks that can provide renovation type loans and or debt funds and other things, provide renovation value add type loans when you're acquiring a property and have a heavy or medium construction component to it. So you kind of got two sides to that, right? Two sides to that. They can give you financing to help both of those. Same thing with Groves Capital with Chris Groves, amazing lender anywhere in the country. All these guys are nationwide and Groves is very, very, very creative and has lots of resources at their hands for a ton of different lenders nationwide for all different types of capital, fix and flips, you're doing apartment deals, any types of commercial real estate, any types of loans, any types of lenders, very creative. So a host of opportunities in there. All these lenders, I mean, this is going to handle 99.999% of any and all types of loans you will ever get in commercial real estate for the rest of your human life. So they can handle them. There's not loans they can't do that I'm aware of. So utilize them. They're here for you to help alleviate a lot of the bottlenecking that people have with finding lenders. They can do this nationwide, anywhere in the country for your deals. So let's go.