Okay, now on to the next lesson, which is the pro forma. So when you're looking at underwriting a deal, whether it's a two to four unit property, single family home rental, multifamily, five, 10 units, 50 units, 100 units, 200 units, 500 units, whatever it is, you're going to have a pro forma. Other people interchange the word model, but all these terms, you know, pro forma, model, all that's in place. So what I want to do, you know, you can get into the financials course, like I said, and it's a deep dive into this. But for the sake of simplicity, right? So you understand just the basics of a pro forma for a rental income property, and this is universal across the board. I'm going to go through some basic kind of sections of the pro forma, right? And then we can detail them out. But at least this way you'll understand the grand total look and kind of what it's really all doing, okay? So let's jump into it right now. So with the pro forma, you're dealing with income less expenses equals net income. Simple math. Income less expenses equals net income. Net income before mortgage, capital improvement, stuff like that. So net operating income, but we're going to get into that. So typical pro forma, you're going to start with gross potential income, meaning if the property were operating absolutely 100% perfectly, getting the highest rents possible and the highest everything possible. What is the potential of that property today, right now? Gross potential income. Now, you're going to take out a few things to get to what they consider, I guess, would be a gross income. Now, loss to lease. What is that? That means, hey, here's the perfect scenario, but we're not at a perfect scenario. So we're operating maybe at 97% of perfect scenario. So you'd be taking out maybe 3% lost to lease. Next, you're going to take out some bad debt. Maybe there's some tenants not paying rent that you've kicked out and you've kind of written off that bad debt. That's a percentage. Concessions. Maybe you're having to give people a free month's rent or a little bit of here and there. Concessions to get them into the property. So that's going to be there. And then you're going to take out physical vacancy, meaning how many units aren't rented. So on average typically what you would see here and let take a not say a West Coast market or a New York market or something like that Let take a Midwest market in the United States typically you may see about you know one to two percent here bad debt and concessions maybe point five percent up to let say I don know you could do two percent for simple math physical vacancy this is going to range from about three to about seven percent on average okay so at the end of the day your total off this number the gross potential income is going to range somewhere from 8 to about 10% off of the peak. Off of the peak and that incorporates all three of these things you're going to take off. 8 to 10% off of that is where you're going to be going to be operating as a gross income level. Then you're going to add in rubs which is reimbursables. Typically in most of these properties the tenants are paying for their portion of utilities. They got their electric bill and stuff like that but their portion of water, sewer, gas, some of the trash, pest, right? Some of that stuff they're paying to kind of help reimburse the property because they're using it. It's not really fair for you as the landlord to take all that on. That typically doesn't happen in your smaller properties, but it's definitely happening in your 50 plus unit properties. So reimbursable. So you add that income back in. You're going to have other income, other income, and we can break this down. Other income is going pet income, pet rent, administerial fees, late fees, parking fees, you know, you could do tech package fees, valet trash fees. I mean, all kinds of these other income potentials. There's a litany list of tons of them that kind of be broken down into the other income. So you're going to add both of those in and that's going to get you to this effective gross income, also known as EGI, effective gross income. From that point, so now you got your effective gross income. Now we need to take out expenses. Remember how I said income less expenses equals cash, right? Net operating income. So now we did the income side. Now we have EGI, that's the effective gross income. So now we're dealing with that. Now we're going to remove our expenses from it. And there's a litany list and I'll go through the next slide of the type of expenses that you're you're gonna be dealing with and should be considering when you're getting in your pro forma, okay? So you're gonna take out your expenses and then you're gonna get to this number called a net operating income, which is essentially your cash on cash return if you had no debt on the property, okay? But since we gonna presume you have some leverage right From a loan now from the NOI going to take out a mortgage Maybe you doing some capital improvements You putting a new roof on You changing out some HVAC Improvements, you're capitalizing those. It's not a recurring expense. But you're going to maybe take out some of that to get your net income number, cash. And that's basically your pro forma in simple terms. right if you kind of get to it's basically like I said it's revenue less some vacancies or whatever that is right right and then you're gonna get to the sub number you're gonna add in some other income so now you got to this gross number less expenses right gets you to your NOI and then you have to take out a mortgage and you have to take out any capital improvements to get to your net right that's the pro forma this is universal cross the board doesn't matter what kind of rental property you're looking at in any way shake you know up down left right the simplicity of it's here now it gets complicated when you start diving into the details right but let's take a basic pro forma on a 200 unit property and kind of show you how it breaks down you're gonna notice similarities here so we have gross potential income they're giving the term base right but gross potential income of here now they're adding in your rubs for reimbursables you got your trash reimbursables other income right all this other stuff right and then they're taking out your vacancy which is basically your economic losses right so the term economic loss is vacancy bad debt you're talking about your loss to lease all those combined is your economic loss right so they're taking that out here and they're just doing it in different order but same concept you have your gross potential income right You're taking out your vacancy, you're adding in all your other incomes and rubs and reimbursables and everything in there to get to this gross scheduled income number. EGI, gross scheduled income, adjusted gross income. People use different terminology for it, but it's the same concept. And that this number here Now what we doing is we taking out your and they all listed here so you going to have an admin expense maybe some advertising some insurance contract services a pool guy landscaper those types of things okay repairs and maintenance you're going to have on the property turnover make ready when your unit comes vacant from a tenant being in it you have to turn over and make that unit ready some paint carpet fix it up get it ready to go so you're going to have that expense you're going to have payroll especially on a big deal like this you're gonna have on-site staff maintenance everything on site you're gonna have a payroll specific to the property then you have your utilities you have your property taxes property management fees insurance all that's there and then you get to this number which is your total operating expenses okay this number minus that number right gets you to this beautiful number called net operating income and oh I okay now from this number we can take out what a mortgage and capital improvements, CapEx, mortgage and CapEx to get to your net income cash number. But that's the pro forma. And then all this is doing, so this is one year. All this is doing when you start going through the year over year, this would be year two. Then you go to year three, right? Year four, right? And so forth. And that's all it's doing, taking static one year and then progressing it out. And then you take all those numbers combined and we'll get into it, but that's where you're getting your internal rate of return that we talked about, IRR, cash on cash returns, year over year over year, and you're kind of looking at this thing from a year by year basis, but then as a whole, and that's what the pro forma or the model does. So I hope this makes sense, we'll jump into some other lessons, get into some more details of it, but I want you to understand from a grand scheme how it's all breaking down, but even in its most complex method, okay, you have this, right, but in its simplest form, it's this. Revenue, less your vacancy, economic loss, right? It's another term called economic loss, right? Gives you a sub number, add in your other incomes, your rubs, your reimbursables, all that stuff, other income in there. Gets you this gross EGI, effective gross income, adjusted gross income, other terms used, but EGI. Less your expenses, which we broke down, gets you this beautiful number called an NOI, net operating income. And then from there you'll take out a mortgage and any CapEx to get to a net cash number, net income number. So I hope this makes sense. We're gonna go on to the next lesson. Take care.