Okay, next lesson, a REIT, Real Estate Investment Trust. So this is another way where you can get into real estate investing with little money, right? And you almost trade it like a stock because most of them are publicly traded, obviously, SEC regulated through the stock exchange in public. Some are private REITs as well, but a lot of them are public. So benefits and drawbacks to a REIT, the benefit is obviously you can get in, the liquidity is good, okay? Yields and returns and dividends are there. 90% of all the profits from a REIT have to be paid out to the investor, so that's good. So there are some benefits there. If you want to get into something in and out pretty short term and trade it like a stock, a REIT may be the way to go. Drawbacks are, of course, there is some risk involved, high risk. There is obviously the ability to not have full control over the investment. You want to definitely make sure what kind of asset classes you're investing in. Obviously, it fluctuates a lot of times with stock markets and stuff in general. So you have that. It's not treated exactly like a real estate investment that can kind of offset some of the stock market ups and downs and waivers in there. So there's benefits and drawbacks, whether it's a private or a public REIT. Look into it, but that's a great way, and we do some of it, through getting into companies, right? For example, we take this for example. Let's take CrowdStreet, okay? Pull this up Good company Fundrise is another one where you can get maybe You can go in there and invest on certain deals and kind of democratizes the process okay where you can kind of get in the private REIT or even fund like Crowdstreet and you can get into these institutional quality assets where they're highly vetted. Good company. We actually invest alongside them along with some others, okay, but this is a great way to do it to kind of scale your money, right, as well as doing it yourself, as well as kind of doing some partnerships and syndications, which is the next one we're going to talk about. But Crowdstreet's a good one, right? So kind of going into the re-investing and how this actually works, right? So the benefits, obviously you're looking at, oops, pull that up real quick. Offering steady and current income. Money goes in that obviously they're collecting the rents, money pulls out profits and they come back to the investors, right? So when you're looking at that, let me pull this up and kind of show you. You look at this, right? You as investors, right? You're investing into shares, goes into the real estate investment trust. They acquire properties and assets, the rental income and interest payments come back, distributions go right back out to the investors. So that's how the real estate investment trust works. It's just a question whether it's private or public, how much control, how liquid it is, what is the current history and the past history of the REIT. So you really wanna look into that because there's benefits and drawbacks. We do both. And I highly recommend that you get into all the different segments, right? Whether it's doing it yourself, REITs, or of course, the biggest and best in our opinion is the partnerships, syndications, and all that stuff, which is the next one we're gonna talk about. So let's go.