All right, so now into the market due diligence. A lot of the stuff you'll probably have already done before you've even looked at deals within a market. Like us, we go into a market six to nine months in advance of us ever even starting to strike on deals, and we're doing a lot of this market due diligence so we understand everything up front before we're even looking at deals. But let's presume that you've done that a little bit, but now you're gonna dive into it deeper because you're putting a pitch deck together to investors, you're explaining it to bankers and lenders and all the people, hey, this is the market, here's the details, here's what I know about it, here's what you need to know. Number one, you need to take all your comps, and you need to know those in detail, and you need to drive them. You can look at them from afar on a screen, or maps, or apartments.com, or any of that stuff, that's awesome, boots on the ground, you have to go secretly shop them, you need to walk them, you need to understand them, and how they're gonna compete with you, you need to know that stuff. So it's very, very, very important, you need to know your market, you need to know your comps, and how you're gonna compete with these folks, so you can get the rents that you're projecting. Okay, because what you'll find out too is what market studies are showing or what certain things are showing or maybe the broker operating memorandum is wrong and outdated In your comps like we had a deal where the broker OM their operating memorandum was really outdated and was showing comps much lower And then our market studies and my boots on the ground driving comps and getting into those complexes. I'm like, oh my God, like the rents are like $150 higher than what this broker's OM is showing. The market's trending much faster. This thing's way outdated even by three months. And it's huge help. So you have to know that because that's insider info that your investors and your bankers and lenders and everybody are going to love. They're going to say, this guy knows, this person knows what they're doing. And they've really gotten on the ground and understand this from a detailed perspective. And that way you can counter anybody too that wants to say, oh, like, oh, rents aren't here. You can't get that. Really? Let me show you why. Right? Counter it. But with data and facts and information and nothing else other than that. Right? The numbers speak. Math speaks. who are the main employers right who's employing a lot of the tenant base within that area generally speaking who are the major employers for say the city what does it go to regional and so forth right you need to know these employers and players and who's kind of where people living where people working where they driving to all of that very important okay population what the population growth for the general region then getting kind of down into the neighborhoods and stuff like that where the population growth What going on Hopefully it's increasing, not decreasing. And typically you want to see about 1% a year or more. Development. You want to go and take a look at the city's development website for the region, for the area, and the local community. Is there future development for apartments, for industrial, for other retail and commercial? What's the development? Is there a light rail system? Is there a new development going up? Is there another airport going in? Is there expansion going on? Is there money coming in? Is there a park going in? All this stuff is going to be on the development website for approved things or things in approval. And you can look at that and understand what's going on in the area. Development is very, very important. I mean, to give you an example, we looked in Kansas City, Missouri initially. And a lot of growth was going on. But we wanted to know further what was gonna happen because we were gonna buy a couple properties just off of the main street. And we wanted to see if the light rail system that was about two miles south of us was gonna be passing us and our property Because if it did home run home run And we went in and we found out oh yeah the city already funded it There X amount of millions of dollars funded to pass this light rail system right by our property and the other one headed down towards the plaza. And it's gonna take two or three years, but when that happens, and it's happening literally, it happened, it came right by us, everything alongside it you can see just da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da and the growth. High rises, buildings, jobs, employment, things going on, nightlife, fun, excitement, I mean, you name it, right? So what does that do? People, people, people, jobs, jobs, jobs, rent, rent, rent, everything's great. And lo and behold, here it comes, here it happens. And our properties have done phenomenal because of it. So we knew that light rail system was coming, development, path of progress, home run. That's the type of stuff you need to do in advance. You need to know all these things, comps, employers, population and development. That's understanding your market from a kind of a macro level and then diving in a little bit further kind of on a small kind of regional local level. Very important. So get this download, click it right here, and you'll have it. Due diligence checklist and all that stuff for you when you're looking to do deals and you're in escrow or prior to. So let's jump into the next module. Take care.