you all right hope everybody's doing well we'll let everybody come in here you Hold on one second. We'll let everybody jump on in. Hope everybody's doing well this Thursday. And if you're not able to obviously make it into this class, we're going to underwrite a deal today. I'm going to actually take one in San Antonio, Texas, and we're going to put it together here on the board and show you. So that way you'll understand the process if you're coming into this brand new on how to find some deals, use the on to get to the off, as we talk about a lot, on-market properties to get to the off-market, and setting up kind of the access into some of these deals. Because the main part of all this is you got to start by finding them, right? And we talked about the on-market to get to the off. part of this on-market process is using online portals, the main one being Crexie. Okay. And what's cool is we're going to have potentially one of their sales directors coming in and talking more about Crexie and how you can use a lot of the back-end data for market research for areas, places to invest, all of that. So maybe in here next week, just FYI, So stay tuned for that. But using this whole on-market scenario with Crexie, LoopNet, et cetera, but Crexie we always recommend to find out who the brokers are. Right? And who the brokers are in these markets. Okay? So no different than if I were coming in here. And I'm going to share my screen real quick. Okay? So this is Crexie.com, and I can come right in here, click on a potential deal. Let's say this one, for example. It's going to pop up, and you get the information about the broker. Okay? So now as you're kind of looking at on-market properties using these websites, you're going to start to notice who the brokers are who are posting a lot of the on-market. listings. Now, most of these on-market listings are overpriced. That's true. However, you leverage those to get to the off because what you're going to do if you're looking into the market, let's say, hypothetically, you live in Texas and you want to do Dallas or Fort Worth, for example, and you're like, okay, well, I need to start finding some deals and then meeting some of the brokers to where I can get access to the best deals in the market. Well, if you're a newbie, you're not getting access to any of those. It isn't going to happen unless you build some relationships. So as we teach in this mentorship and part of the process, and we hold your hand, is using these deals on market like this to find out who the brokers are who are doing the deals. And then by way of reaching out to them and saying, hey, I'm looking at your deal, starting with a little bit of the smaller ones, because you're dealing with a little bit more mom and pop, anything 8, 10, 15, 20, anything under 30 units. You're going to deal with a little more of the mom and pops. And with that, hey, brokers, took a look at this deal. I'd like to schedule a tour and take a look at it. Because by doing that, you're going to meet, greet, shake hands, eyeball to eyeball, belly to belly with the market makers, the brokers. And then obviously this deal may or may not work out. But by doing that, now you're making a connection. Broker, hey, Priscilla or Patricia, thanks so much for showing me this deal. It It looks like we're too far apart between what the seller wants and what the property is probably really worth and what we can buy it for. Totally understand. However, if you have other deals that are coming to market before they hit the market, this is what we're looking to buy. So something like this, do you have anything else? Do you know anybody else? What can you do? How can you help? Blah, blah, blah. They're going to make that happen. And that is how you start to get access to the off market opportunities. You leverage the on to get to the off. You leverage the on to get to the off. And this is how you do it. Okay. So we're going to walk through this particular deal. This is an eight-unit deal asking $118,000 a door, and we're going to walk through the financials, and I'm going to show you what it's worth. Not what they're asking, what it's worth based on today's environment of interest rates, renovation costs, financials. It's all about the numbers. It is not an emotional play. Does the numbers make sense, or do they not? And then you just work your way back. You begin with the end, and you work your way back. So let me jump off screen. I'm going to go ahead and bring up the pro forma. And then we're going to go ahead and I'm going to plug and play this. I mean, as though you were doing it, you're going to do it exactly like this. You find the property. We're going to drop all the numbers into the analyzer. You're going to download this. So if you see it here, see where it says view O M. Right. View O M right here. That's the operating memorandum. I'm sorry. Offering memorandum by the brokers like their flyer. You're going to download that because that's going to have a lot of the information. I'm going to show you what it has and then how you're going to take that and you're going to plug it into the analyzer to then be able to punch out some numbers to be able to say, hey, does it make sense? Does it not? And then how do we adjust those numbers to have it make sense? How far off are we from what they're asking versus what we can pay? And back into those numbers. Okay? So let me jump off screen real quick and we will go ahead and start that process. Hope you guys can see this okay. Awesome. I'm going to stop sharing that and I'm going to pull up the actual OM on the property, just pretty much the marketing flyer by the broker on the deal. You're going to download this directly from that website to get the information. So here we go. All right. So this is a PDF document that was downloaded from Crexie.com on the specific property. And we're going to go through it just so you understand what it is. This is your first time seeing these things, just to kind of briefly summarize it again. Just gives information about the property, no different than a listing flyer on any house. So they're asking $995,000, eight units. They're showing you lot size. They're showing you building size, demographics and households, et cetera. Some basic information, property descriptions, et cetera, et cetera. What county it's in, parking, utilities. So it has separate electric water and yard are included in the rent for the utilities. And then it's going to break down some more information in terms of the building name, address, all this stuff. location, a little bit of information about the zoning, lot size, the APN number for the property, lot, parking spaces, utilities. So it's kind of showing you utility information, types of finishes for flooring, foundations, walls, stuff like that, just building information. Current occupancy, look at this. See, this is obviously bad. Okay. So the current financials are going to stink. I can tell you right now, it ain't going to work. But we're going to show what it could look like. Okay. And then what it takes to get there. Because, yeah, for you to be at occupancy of 62%, you got to be not doing well. And the location's not very good either, FYI. But they've come in and renovated a little bit. They put in laminate flooring. They painted. You can see some upgraded fixtures and stuff. Some of the photos and everything that are in here. So showing you. But a good chance to come in here with black appliances, reface the cabinets. They got some popcorn ceiling in here so you could take out the popcorn, upgrade, you know, some of the kitchens and stuff. But they've done laminate flooring and stuff like that. But there's a lot of room for upgrades. They got the water heaters that are tucked in the units, which is nice. They have washer dryer hookups, it looks like. I don't know if that's every unit, but we'll take a look. Standard for your bathrooms, you know, older. This has got to be a 1980s product, I'm guessing. It's got to be based on the cabinets. I've seen enough of these babies. 1986, there you go. So good age in terms of construction. Just so you know, from a construction standpoint, 1980 and newer is much better to buy than 1979 and older. The quality of construction changed drastically. The plumbing and electrical and all that stuff changed drastically. All of the construction materials started to change drastically. Just FYI. So location, not really a great location. I can show you in general where that's at. Let me see if I can pull up. Yeah, see where it's at. That's southeast San Antonio. So I going to share this real quick so you can see the location just briefly So based on this it is down here Okay, see where it pops up 950 right there? So it's southeast. Not a good location. That's a tougher part of San Antonio based on my knowledge of the market. But once again, as you're choosing a market to go into to begin to invest in, these are the things that you need to know, which is why you go into that market and you spend a couple days driving it, meeting a couple brokers, meeting a couple property management crews, meeting a couple construction crews. So now you're setting up your little mini infrastructure within that city, the market. Make sense? That's why you do it. Because you need to know the good areas, the bad areas. Where is development happening? Where's growth happening? What's going on? I need to know the lay of the land, who the players are. And the brokers and the property managers are going to help you do that. That's what they're there to do. They know that market better than you. And if you're newer to it, that's why you do it. Anyhow, down here's the location. But we're going to go underwrite this thing as it is and see where we go. All right. So this is our little pro forma analyzer, the Excel analyzer. And we are going to go ahead and we pop some info in here real quick. So give me just a couple of minutes. Bear with me as I change this stuff out. Let's pop it in a couple photos. You don't necessarily need to do that. They're at $995, so I'm going to change the pricing here. I'm going to presume 35% down. We're an eight-unit property. Repair budget. We're going to go at 100 grand. Okay. The exterior looks okay. This is mostly an interior play, but we'll play around with this. Lot size is 0.36 times 43560. So one acre is 43,560 square feet. So that's the actual lot size. because they said it was 0.36 acres, right? 0.36 acres times 43,560. And then closing costs, that's fine. We'll probably put in here 4%, add in an acquisition fee, make it five just for simple math. Interest rates are going to be around seven. And then we're going to come in here down here, and this is where we're going to put in the unit mix and then the rents, both current and future, current and future. And then we're going to plug in the expenses on the property over here. Okay. So let me get into our data and then we'll pull it up. Okay. So we have all two bedroom, one baths, 940 square feet. They got one. These are all two bed, one bath. Copy that. Bring it all the way down. Same across the board. Square footage is 940 square feet. It's a good size. I'm going to find out if they all have washer dryer hookups in them. Let me go ahead and squeeze this down. And what I'm doing, just so you know, is I'm pulling the data from the OM. So I'm going to show you what I'm looking at real quick, just so you understand. So in that OM that I brought up earlier, you have a rent roll in there. The rent roll is going to show you all the units or a summary of them, right? Unit count, bedrooms, baths, size, rent, current rents, right? And stuff like that. And then it has more data and stuff too. But that is the rent roll. I would have thought they would have had expenses and stuff in here, but they may not. We'll put in our own expenses, I guess. See where it goes. But you can see they got a lot of vacancies at the moment. But they may be leasing up. Maybe they just finished up a reno or something's going on. We'll get some more data. But that's where I'm pulling that information, just FYI. Okay. And for a two-bedroom, one-bath, 940 square feet, and that location is probably not too far off for that area. But 940, we're going to come in here. We're going to make this $1,000. $1,000 and then they got $9.95, $8.50, these are all current, $8.50, $8.95, $8.50, $9.95, $9.95. So you can see it's probably consistent running there. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Am I missing something? There we go. All right. So we're going to go and put all these at a thousand bucks for future rents. Okay. Future rents. So this is current. This is what we're going to future project, right? Perform us, right? Current, future. Now we're going to come on over here into the tax area. And I know how these work. And taxes are different in every municipality. So this is why you do need, between taxes and insurance, it's going to be unique to the area. So you do need to Google and look up how they calculate property taxes. For San Antonio, I know typically they're going to run right around, they're going to take, normally it would be whatever the value is. So if it was $9.95, then you take .9295 of that. and then you're going to take that and it's a whole little formula thing. I think it's divided by 100, and then that gets multiplied by 2.21 or something like that. We'll see how this works. If this were, that's about right. Okay. I remembered it. Okay. You're going to have, so if I do that equals that divided by that, 0.2%. All right. so 20,000 put it in there do point zero two I'm gonna go ahead and adjust this point zero two one that way this will adjust automatically when we start to adjust this purchase price okay equals that times that there we go all I'm taking is the percentage in the formula taking the percentage see what highlights at 2% based on our little formula but every area is gonna be different you just want to find out what it is you know you can google it on their county tax assessor websites for your market you know how to calculate property taxes in so-and-so how to calculate property taxes in so-and-so and they'll give you the websites on how it gets calculated okay insurance it's about right pray let's do like 7500 probably about a thousand dollars closer to that we'll run it at eight grand for insurance maintenance and repair per year $1,200 a unit and turnover it's probably not that it's probably closer to like 8,500, 7,500. I'm trying to get it to around 750 a unit. That's about what we're running in that market right now. Once again, these are like the little nuances that every market's a little bit unique, but 750 a unit per year for repairs. Okay. And then you're going to have some turnover. You got to turn the units over. So maybe another $100 for that. Multiply that by my unit count for some turnover costs. Well, it's probably going to be more than that actually equals that because you're probably going to have I don know maybe two or three move outs two or three move outs And that move out is going to probably cost you you know this is probably 300 actually You somewhere in there Yeah, it's probably not too far off. Utilities. you're probably with water and sewer, you know, 80 bucks a month per unit equals 80 times 8 times 12. Yeah, it's not too far off. So I'm just putting in a number in there. $80 a month per unit times 12 months for each year. That's not too far off. Contractor services, this is going to be for landscape. Pest services, anything that has a contract on it where you need to do monthly maintenance. So you figure if you were, you know, $100, $150 for your landscaping, pest control, all that stuff, That's probably not too far off. Management fee, you're probably at 8% on a small complex like this. And then reserves are put in place for CapEx, things you're not even knowing you're going to have happen. So $2,000 on that building that you're not expecting to have happen during the year. So you can see my expense ratio down here. What that means is the percentage of my expenses to my income. expenses to income that's super high which is not unusual for texas right now because of taxes and insurance but we're going to need to bring this down closer to 50 so for the insurance we could probably get this down so i'm going to start tweaking some numbers a little bit um But yeah, the tax thing is probably your issue and then your insurance. We'll bring this down to 2400. There's a good chance you may want to self-manage a building this small. Very, very, very possible to save. But that way you're right around here for the small of a building. It's going to be a little bit higher. But this is what we help you out with. So when you're in the back end analyzing these things and doing these things, this is the type of stuff that you'll send over to us so we can help you. Let me go ahead and plug and play here. Keep going. Now our expenses are in management. We're going to adjust that. We'll see. You may want to self-manage this type of a property possibly. But I can already tell you this one's tough at that price. So we're going to be adjusting a lot of things here. Interest rates, right? Interest rates are high, blah, blah, blah. I mean, this thing is tough. You can already see it doesn't work, right? Which is why it's been sitting like that. So now we're down here. You're going to compare the current. So you're bringing in $90,000 a year. 96 once you're fully proform it up. Okay. You got to take out some vacancy and credit loss. This is probably closer to 10%, just FYI. So we're going to adjust that. You may get some other income in here for utilities. You could probably get $5,000 a year for other income to reimburse for utility expenses and other things. late fees, admin, all kinds of other income. We won't get into detail here, but that'll pump that number up. And so debt coverage ratio, as we've gone over with before, this is the DSCR loans, right? DSCR, debt coverage ratio. These things need to be usually typically 1.2 or greater. This number needs to be 1.2 or greater in order for the bank to want to give you a loan. You can see these things are well under one. It's not even close. Okay. So it makes this deal real tough because of the price. But let's drop this baby down to 700 grand. You see it starts to move. See how that makes sense now? It's starting to make some sense. And see how these are starting to come in line now, your expense ratios? You see what happens with the price of the property. So you can already find out, hey, look, you guys are smoking crack. There's no way that thing's selling for that because it just doesn't produce enough income. The problem is if they want to sell it for $9.95, you have two ways to do it, Mr. Seller. You either get your rents up or you drop your expenses, but you can only drop your expenses so much. I mean, expenses are kind of what they are sometimes. The other option is boosting rents. These numbers need to go way up. Well, if you can't do that and your interest rates are what they are, you can't change that. Well, the only other option is to change one of the variables, and that is the price of the property. right? By changing the price of the property, it changes your down payment. By changing your down payment, it changes your debt service. By changing all of that, it changes your overall basis. It starts changing everything. And you can see how these numbers pump through. Because if this number was up to $995, like they wanted, okay, see, watch what happens. When that goes to $995, now my debt service payment goes way, way up because now my loan is bigger, right? That goes down to $700. Watch what happens to my loan right here. It goes down to $455,000. My all-in equity changes too. All that stuff, closing costs. Now look at my debt service payment for my loan. Everything changes. Everything. Property taxes, look at that, drop, drop, everything drops. So that's why it's very, very, very important. And that gets things in line here. If you're at $700,000, which they're not going to accept, But this is how you would use this property as an option to get into that broker, Priscilla, and say, because the property's not selling, okay? You're kind of her option. You call her up and say, hey, Ms. Priscilla, how are you doing? Looking at this property. Tell them a little bit about it. Act all excited. And you're going to say, hey, I'd like to come down and take a tour. Great. I'll meet you there. Awesome. Now that we're there, let's tour the property real quick, take a peek at a couple units. I'm going to go ahead and do some underwriting, and I'll give you a call and let you know. Great. You've already done your underwriting. You know it's full of crap. And now you're going to call her up and you're going to say, great, Priscilla, thank you so much for your time and touring the property and stuff. Look, I like the deal. It's just based on my financials, we can only pay $700 for it. They're going to freak out. They're going to say, no way. And you're going to say, I totally understand. But look, we're looking for other deals in the marketplace that will maybe pencil a little bit better, maybe a little bit better location, but similar. Or 8, 10, 15, 20-unit deal in San Antonio in a decent little neighborhood and location. But we need things to pencil out because I'll even send you over my financials, Priscilla, and you can take a peek at them. But I know my numbers are pretty good. I know my numbers are pretty good. And unless you can prove to me that these are wrong, then we'll have a little chit-chat. But other than that, right now it's $700,000. Will they sell, accept it? No, they won't. Great. So if you have any other properties that are similar to this, maybe off market before they come to market, we're buyers. We're ready to go. And that's how you start to build the on to the off. So I hope that makes sense. Really, really, really important to understand that concept because you've got to get out there and meet and greet. But these numbers start to pencil a bit. Your debt coverage ratio starts to come in line. Things are starting to make sense over here. Because you're taking a property now that you're going to buy at 700 with all these other things in alignment. And now these metrics are starting to make a little bit more sense. So that is how you'd analyze a deal like this. Okay. That's how you'll analyze a deal like this. I'm going to stop sharing. I can figure that out. There we go. Awesome. So hope that helped a bit. because that's how you're going to take this stuff and go on to the off, right? So I just showed you literally, go on Crexie. In the market, you've already decided you're going into. You're going to find some on-market deals. Likely not going to make sense. It's irrelevant. You guys are starting the process to do this to this, this to this, that to that, right? Call Ms. Priscilla. After you've done your analysis, I'm going to take a tour. I'm going to tour three to four deals with three to four different brokers. nice to meet you here's my little business card for my little capital company that we help you create we're ready to buy we're buyers in the market this one obviously isn't going to work but that's okay look what else do you have that may be kind of market you've done nothing we're ready to go here's my info get me in your system i want to get on your list for any off-market deals that are coming before the market great that's how you start to build it that's how you start to get access. Got to go down belly to belly. And don't worry about the questions they ask you. Oh, have you done other deals? Yeah, I'm partnered up. Use us. Leverage us. Yeah, I'm partnered up with a group that's done 500 plus units, $130 million in stuff. They own a few here locally, blah, blah, blah, stuff like that. You can leverage us. That's okay. We're partnered. That's all you have to say. They don't know one left to the right. Keep it simple. and then shake hands and walk away So that way you kind of start to build some rapport build some rapport And that way you start to get access to this stuff But you found deals You analyzed them You're trying to get things to make sense. So that way you can start raising capital, closing, and managing. But you've got to get here. And then you've got to get here. And that's what we're here to do. So I hope this makes sense. Any questions, let me know. Put your stuff in the comments. And reach out to us direct in your account manager. if you're underwriting these deals and looking at picking at your market. And if you're having questions about what markets, reach out to us. We'll help you. But if you go into the back end of your portal and you go into market research and data, we can help you out with that. In addition, Crexie right here is a gentleman that's maybe going to be joining the mentorship program who works for Crexie. And he may be able to provide some discounts for all of the mentees and all of you guys in the program for using their website. Not only for searching for properties, which we just did on the marketplace, right, to look for properties online, but also to do data and research and market statistics on areas to invest in. Okay. So that's coming up. But this is how you do it. Any questions before we finish up today? Everybody was pretty quiet today. Okay. Yes. So the question was on the property taxes for underwriting. Yes. Whatever city you're in, whatever county, you're going to go on Google, how do you calculate property taxes in San Antonio, Texas? How do you calculate property taxes in Phoenix, Arizona? How do you calculate property taxes in Las Vegas, Nevada? How do you calculate property taxes in so-and-such and such Illinois? the way. You see where I'm going with it? It's going to tell you. It's going to take you right to the assessor's website. You're going to read about it. But keep in mind, this is part of your market research for the market that you were going to go into and spend some time in. Because rather than trying to be the jack of all and the jack of none and look at 50 different markets, you don't need to do that. You're going to do some market research. You're going to find a market and say, okay, we're going to focus on this market to start, to get our first deal. And then once we've accomplished that, then we can start looking elsewhere. But let's narrow in and focus in our attention to get that first deal in that market. So you're going to know this market really well. How do you calculate property taxes? What are typical vacancy rates in the area? What are general rents for a one, two, and three bedroom? You're going to get a feel. Where's the good areas and the bad areas? Where's the new development happening in that city, in that region? You're going to learn all this stuff within a short window. It doesn't take a lot of time, but you're going to obviously identify the market. You're going to travel out there. If it's local, great. If it's got to travel, fine. You're going to do that and spend a few days meeting the brokers, meeting all the people. But that's how you start, guys. You can go online and do all the online research you want. You say, okay, I like St. Louis, Missouri. Awesome. Great. So now I know I've identified this is the market I want to go into. Awesome. So now you're going to do some research online. You're going to find some properties. You're going to find some brokers. You're going to go ahead and schedule up your trip. If you're not in St. Louis and you're, you know, other part of the country, great. I'm going to travel out there. I'm going to spend two to three days. It's going to be our little event that we're going to go out there and we're going to meet all these brokers. I'm going to meet a couple of property management crews. I'm going to set all this up in advance. So that way I have a couple of property manager companies, a couple of brokers, a couple of construction crews for that market, for that area. And you get access to the construction crews by way of the property managers. You get access to the property managers by way of the brokers. See how this all filters down? Brokers. On market to get to the off. That's the whole play. But you've got to get belly to belly. And you do that by leveraging this to get access. Shake hands. Hey, broker, look, I like this market. I'm interested in seeing it. Do you have any property managers that you would recommend for the area? Great. You can do that. Obviously, you can look online as well. But leverage that marketplace. And another way to do it, too, is to go on the Facebook, search for St. Louis real estate groups. Honestly, I'm not kidding. And in there, type in on those groups, hey, anybody can recommend a property management company for a 20-unit apartment complex in St. Louis or something like that? You type in a mid-range apartment complex. You're going to get a list of names. You've got to set up a little bit of this infrastructure in the market you're choosing. But that's okay. You know, one time, it's done. One time and you're done. But you get PMs, construction crews, brokers. That's mainly your main team for that market. And I keep kind of beating a dead horse, but I'm trying to show you how you go from doing where you're at. Right now, you're on the computer looking at things, and you're trying to say, okay, where do I go? Well, let's talk about some markets you like. Okay, talk about some markets you like. But you go into, I'd focus in your growth markets, main growth markets. And we put a list of the markets on your portal. I'll double check to see, it needs to probably be updated. But that would be my recommendation is to look in the top 75. Because we have a how do you do market research and all that stuff in there. How do you select emerging markets? Like all that stuff's in your portal. download those and take those PDFs and look through them but you want to do the 75 MSA okay metropolitan statistical areas metropolitan statistical areas metropolitan statistical areas why is that important you've heard the saying don't create the wheel you don't need to redo it people have already been there, done that, right? Most of the major lenders in the United States put all of their money into these top 75 MSAs. They like to lend money to those areas. Why? Now, population and jobs. Population and jobs. Population and jobs. Population and jobs. If the population is growing at 1% or more, and the jobs are growing at 2% or more annually. Lenders love it. They give money. So they have already done your research for you. So when you come in here and you research in Google top 75 MSAs for apartment investing in the United States, literally, I'm not kidding, go to Google and type in this. Top 75 MSAs for apartment investing in, it does change, but for the most part, that's why I can give you a static list, but it's going to change. So I might as well get you to do this. And what's going to happen is you're probably going to get some of the big brokerage websites as well that produce reports that you can download for free regarding this. So it's in there. You can also go to. I'm writing a lot on the board. We have our website. For data. multifamilyeye.com. And that's going to give you some reports in there. You can go in there for free and download a bunch of reports. We probably need to update it for 2023 because they don't have the 2024 reports yet. But 2023, they would update the national reports from a lot of the major brokerages. And that should give you some data on these 75 MSAs. But you can Google it too. It's there and go through that section and just start to choose. And maybe you already have a market picked out that you like. But if you want to find out top 75 MSAs, you can Google that and spend a little bit of time identifying the market you like. Once you've identified the market you like, then you're going to start researching properties and researching property management companies and researching the brokers, renovation crews. So that way you're going, okay, we're going into Phoenix, Arizona. Awesome. Start looking for properties, use the brokers to get to the PM companies to get to construction crews, tour a few properties, take some hands, eyeball to eyeball. Those ones don't work. Now you start to get access to the off-market opportunities. But that's the process to do this. Okay. Awesome. Okay. Any other questions before we finish up for the day? Hope this was really helpful in kind of segmenting and showing you how you'd analyze the deal real quick, literally pulling it right off, correct to the website. Now you got a point you're like, I need to do some market research. How do you do that? How do you identify the areas? How do you go in? How do you then start to identify the brokers, the property management, the construction crews to start this process of looking for deals? This is how we help you do this, but you need to do the work. We can literally tell you, you can reach out to us, you can text us, you can email us. We're here in real time for you, but we can't do the work for you. We can teach you how to fish, but we're not giving you fish. But once we help you get through this process, but you gotta be willing to leap, spend some time to do this, but we're your partner, we're in your back pocket. This is what we're here to do, but I need you to at least execute on some of this stuff. And then if you have questions or if you get stuck, if you get bottlenecked, say, hey, team, Justin, guys, I'm dealing with this problem. Can you help me out? Well, we're gonna respond. That's what we're here to do. That's why we're here in the mentorship. So hope this makes sense. Any questions, reach out to us and we'll go ahead and put this recording up into the portal. you can re-watch this over and over and over again. And please feel free to connect with us throughout the entire week between these calls. What we're here to do to help you get from zero to hero. Great. Take care. And we'll chat with you next week or sooner when you reach out to us in the portal behind. Thanks.