Okay, so we're actually on-site at a 78-unit property here in San Diego that we bought and we're renovating. We're new in the renovations. We've only done about 20 of the 78. So I'm actually standing in our supply room, one of our supply rooms where all the paint, all these kits. And I'll kind of show you guys how this works when you're renovating a property and going through it. But you have these kits that'll get delivered to each unit along with appliances and everything else. So that's how the units get done and renovated. But I'll walk you through some of the units, the ones that are under renovation, as well as the ones that are done and kind of give you a brief overview of the property and how you would do this for yourself, whether this is a 78 unit deal or you're doing something that's 10, 15, 20 units. But I wanted to show you kind of the property walk, things you would look for, things you'd want to pay attention to when you're doing this stuff. So let's go. Okay. So I'm going to take you into one of these units, unit 10. This is one of our one bedrooms here that we're in the middle of renovating. and I'm going to take you to unit 36, which is just now getting gutted to kind of show you to the before and afters. And I don't think we have any vacant units now that have been renovated fully, but I'll try and pop up some photos so you can kind of see that, but let's go. Okay, so this is unit 10. So usually on these units, we're doing full reno, so we're coming in with new doors. Obviously, we'll do all new hardware and everything. New flooring throughout. This is just getting the primer paint set up. All new cabinetry comes into the kitchens. So we throw up some other videos and stuff that I have showing the cabinets and the finished look and all of that You know raised panel door systems this all gets refinished You have new cabinets new toilets new fixtures lights Everything is all brand new, so we bring it all in. Got the LEDs and everything. New windows, as we did all the new windows on the buildings. You'll get that with blinds, all that. All new plugs, we change all these out. This is a 1970 property, so we do the full reno. We set it upright, so we do all new switches on the plugs. Um, this unit, these units are running around, granted we're California. So you're going to be, I think we're at about 18 grand for a unit like this in California to do a full blown reno, like everything. Okay. So that's quartz countertops, sinks, everything, right? Cabinets, flooring, paint, ceilings, ceilings get scraped, all the popcorns out, everything. Okay. So the whole nine yards, reframing closet doors. I mean, so it's, when I say everything, I mean everything. So you can get by with doing less, sure. But if you're doing full-blown rentals and we're trying to hit the rents we're hitting, we're getting the rents, it's because we're doing the full-blown rentals. So I'll take you outside. I'm going to show you. We're actually doing the landscaping right now on this property. We came and repainted this. This was all like an ugly orange and stuff. I'll try and throw up some before photos. but now we're coming in finally with the landscaping, putting in the irrigation. So that's getting ready and going in. And these are all occupied mind you So we only do four at a time So when we going through here four to five units at a time this one just now getting gutted out So this is the original So we'll do the demo pull all this out. This is our two bedroom unit. so this will all get pulled out and redone but they got everything demoed all the popcorn ceilings will come out like it's done by a specialized company um but yeah we keep the complex occupied um and we'll do four to five at a time so it becomes an assembly line and this is why managing that assembly line when you're doing value add renovations is so critical so you can avoid what's called a stacking effect or picture it. We have four units vacate. If we don't rent all those things in 30 days, we have four more coming behind it. So now all of a sudden you have eight. Oh my gosh. Then you have what? 12. And then now you have a massive vacancy problem on the property. You see where we're going with it? But yeah, great units, cool reno. These are turning out great. This property we bought at a great basis on a price per unit. And the renovations are turning out tremendous. We changed all the windows repainting it rebranding it So I show you some of that as we walk around the rest of the property Now we up here in front and um i could show some before and afters up here too but we going to be doing some wood elements and stuff up here now that we re out it repainted it changed all the windows the addressing's changed even in this entry point here because we're going to gate it uh there'll be some wood elements going in here that'll be really cool with new lighting all the new landscaping is is getting put in. About the new branding and the flags and all that are up. I'll kind of walk you over to this section. So change it to NC18 which is for National City Apartments NC18. New branding and signage and everything. We have our leasing office right here. Most of this exterior renovation is done over here and landscaping as well. We went with a drought tolerant, very simple type landscaping. You'll see, you know, desert with gravel. Keep things nice and simple and clean. But you're just cleaning everything up. And I'll show you some of the befores so you can kind of compare and contrast. Then and then now. And then more coming.