All right, here we go. So understanding how to calculate net operating income, right? And so there's different ways, not different ways to do it, but there's a simple way to do it. And you can use a couple formulas, but in simplicity, right? Net operating income equals your gross income plus other income. If you remember how we went through the basic pro forma minus your operating expenses, right? I mean, that's the formula for calculating the NOI. However, there's a couple other ways to do it. If you didn't have a lot of that detail, right? If you didn't have the full gross income or the other income or the operating expenses, you can actually get to an NOI number that you need, I should say, based on cap rates for the market as well as price points. So let's say, for example, that the seller says, I want to sell this for $30 million. And you're like, okay, great. So $30 million. And what are the going cap rates kind of for the market? You talk to the brokers and the people and they say, well, for this type of asset, we're seeing things sell around a four cap, right? So yeah, I would expect to see somewhere around like the $1.2 million net operating income to be able to suffice, right, a $30 million purchase price. So if the cap rates in the market are say 4% and the asking price is 30 million bucks, well then I would expect to see a net operating income around a million too. And that's just based on this formula here, right? NOI, right, if I know what the price is, it's kind of like if you know two of the three pieces the puzzle that's how you're gonna figure this out and I'll get into this but if you know the price that the seller is asking you know the cap rates for the market give or take right or say four percent and this is 30 million right that times that is going to give you what NOI should be right and then what you do is then when you go in to analyze the deal you say okay if I take that plus that minus that then I should be seeing 1 million give or take to substantiate this purchase price Otherwise if you don then they asking too much You see how that works But the cap rate, if you want to establish, okay, what is the cap rate? It's net operating income divided by the price of the property. So if you know they're selling it for $30 million, and you know based on the financials they're sending you, it's, let's call it, I don't know, 1.3 million, right? right so I could take one three divided by 30 million and I'm looking at a four point three percent cap rate right it's based on that formula price for example price you're gonna take the NOI right and you're gonna divide it by the cap rate so let's say the NOI was 1.3 million divided by a you know point zero 0.04% cap rate, give or take. So I could take a million three, divided by .04, gives me 32,500,000. So awesome, if the NOI is this and the cap rates for the market are this, then I can pay up to 32,500,000 dollars. So if I'm getting it for 30 million, that number seems good, right? So you can see how you can analyze that pretty quickly if you have two of the three pieces of the puzzle. But in terms of NOI, gross income plus other less expenses is going to get you this net operating income. The pro formas and the Excel sheets and all that stuff help you figure that out. But from a simple mathematical, that's how that works, right? NOI equals G gross income plus other minus expenses is how you get there. Then you have the cap rate formula, which is the three pieces of the puzzle. Cap rate equals NOI over price. If you know two of these three, you can figure out the third. And that's pretty much how that works. So you're gonna take a quiz right after this lesson. Let's see how well you picked up on the financial side of all this stuff, and we're gonna go on to the next module. So take care, talk to you soon.