Where is the best place to put your money? A money market fund or a high yield savings account? If you're ever on Finance Tik Tok, all you probably hear are people saying, "Open up a high yield savings. Open up a high yield savings." But nobody ever talks about money market funds. So, we're going to we're going to change that right now. High yield savings account is what it is. It's a bank account where you can earn a higher interest than say a checking account. It's FDIC insured up to $250,000. You put money in, you take money out. It's easy. It's there. On the other hand, we have a money market fund. It is a fund because it is not an account. It's like an investment like your S&amp;P 500 or dividend ETF or a technology fund. And it invests in super short-term uh debts like treasury bills or loans from corporations. You would invest in your high yield savings account through your brokerage. Like for me, I use Charles Schwab. So, you would go on Charles Schwab and you would invest some money. Instead of depositing money into a high yield savings account, you would buy shares in a money market fund. Now, typically these funds will pay a little bit more than a high yield savings account, but they are not FDIC insured. On the other hand, they're backed by the US government, so people view them as about the safest investment that you can get. However, all the way back in 2008 during the housing crisis, Lehman Brothers went bust and the value of the money market fund dropped by like 1.2% or something like that, but it came back and they put in safeguards now to make sure that kind of thing doesn't happen again. Now, if you like me have a high yield savings account, you probably get emails from your bank periodically saying, "We're lowering the rate on your high yield savings account." The same thing can happen with a money market fund. However, with a money market fund, it can happen a lot quicker. And this is because the money market funds are hot are short-term loans that mature a lot faster or get paid back and then they have to reissue new loans. So the rates can constantly be changing. Question you have to ask yourself when it comes to what's right for you is would you rather have bank safe or brokerage safe? Remember that unlike ETFs where you can have a Schwab account but get a Vanguard ETF with these money market funds, you can't invest in the Vanguard one if you have a Schwab account or Fidelity account. But don't worry because each major brokerage has their own version of these money market funds. If you can't find it, you just go on their little search tab and type in money market fund and it'll show you. Except on Robin Hood, they don't have them. Okay, I'm going to show you a few right now. They are tied basically essentially to the US dollar. So they're not going to fluctuate in price unless there's a major issue, which is extremely rare. So I'm on the Vanguard site right now. You can see that these are government loans and that's the yield right there. Keep in mind that these money market funds do have fees. They are extremely low. Remember, anything under 1% is considered low. This is Fidelity's money market fund. You can see that their fees are a little bit higher. And finally, we are on Charles Schwab's website. You can see that they have a well actually they have a whole bunch of money market funds but the one that you're going to be looking at is probably this one because it has no minimum investment whereas the one right below it is a million dollars but SWVXX has an expense ratio of 0.34% and as you saw it pays 4.01%. Okay. But what about a high yield savings account? Well just to compare take a look at Marcus by Goldman Sachs. Marcus is paying 3.65% 65% currently. And of course, there are no expense ratios or fees with a high yield savings account, but you're getting a lot less. So, if this video was helpful to you, hit the like, hit the save, leave a comment. If it wasn't helpful and you already knew this, let me know. Thanks for watching. See you later. Oh, I have one new policy. And the policy is if you're not following me and you leave a comment below asking any question about investing, I'm not going to respond. It's just one way that I prevent people from taking advantage and to set some boundaries.