What if I told you you could make 111% per year in dividends? You'd say, "That's crazy." You'd also say, "Wow, that seems like a lot more than something like Johnson and Johnson." Johnson and Johnson pays 3.35%. Huh. Here we have the Micro Strategy Yield Max Covered Call ETF. And you can see that their dividend is currently set at around 139%. Which sounds too good to be true because it is. Now, there's a lot of misinformation about these funds. Some people say they're Ponzi schemes and they're scams. Not quite. Ponzi schemes and schemes in general uh are are reliant on tricking people. These are not tricking anyone. Uh, one of the things about them that make people think that they're frauds or scams or Ponzi schemes is something called a return of capital, which means sometimes the dividend uh, if they can't meet the higher premium that they expect, they will just return some of your money to you, which makes people go, "Oh, it's a Ponzi scheme." Well, not really. Because in a Ponzi scheme, you don't know that you're being tricked or conned. With these kinds of funds, it's fully transparent. It might not be sustainable, but it doesn't make it a scheme. But let's get to the meat of the issue here because a lot of people say, "Well, these funds are just fantastic." Uh, most people in the comments on my videos have said, "I just take the dividend. I don't reinvest it." Which I think is probably a smart strategy, but other people say, "Well, you should reinvest the dividends." My feeling is, why invest in something that is going to long-term be a depreciating asset? it's going to lose value. You're just taking a good dividend payment, putting it into an asset that is losing value over time. Not a big fan of that. People also need to consider the fact that some of these stocks are extremely volatile right now. But that volatility is going to end because it always ends at a certain point with growth stocks. They can't go up forever. And what happens when these funds no longer are volatile? It means that the options premiums go down. When the options premiums go down, people sell the funds and the funds lose value as well. The Coinbase covered call fund is down 65% in the last 12 months. The Micro Strategy one is down 35% in the last 12 months. We're going to talk about this one in depth. The Nvidia one is down 40 almost 44% in the last month 12 months. And the Tesla one is down 45%. But look at Tesla's stock in the last year up 65%. And look at Micro Strategies. This is important. Pay attention to this one. Up 126%. So, here's what we have. The whiteboard is back. Let's say you are between buying 100 shares of Micro Strategy, which one year ago was $165 a share, and it would have cost you $16,500. Or you're thinking, hm, what if I take that same 16,500 and I put it into MSTY, the covered call ETF, which will get me 521 shares, and it'll cost me the same 16,500 bucks. One year later, Micro Strategy is currently $374 per share, which gives you a profit of $20,947 or 126% in all. But YieldMax's Micro Strategy Covered Call ETF pays 139%. So, wouldn't this be the better deal? Not quite. See, now first we have this. Today, June 2025, MSTY is $2059. It was 31.69. That is a drop in 35% or drop of 35%. Which means you have a loss of $5,779 on your initial investment. It's now worth 10,721. Mistake a lot of people make is they say, "Well, the dividend makes up for it because the dividend is 139%." Right now, these are the last 12 dividend payments going back to, I think, July of 2024. And you can see here that they fluctuate quite a bit, but the average is 111%. Which gives us an average dividend of $28.64 for the full 12 months. And remember, you have 521 shares, which means you make $14,921 in dividends, but you lost $5,779 from the fund losing value. This means, whoops, that your total profit is actually $9,142 or a percentage gain of around 55%. Whereas if you had just purchased 100 shares of Micro Strategy a year ago, you would have a profit full profit gain of 126%. The mistake a lot of people make is they say, "Yeah, I have a loss now, but long-term this fund could go up." Not likely. Now, remember what I said earlier. Over time, these super volatile stocks will decrease in value as the stock isn't as volatile. So the options premiums aren't as high and people sell off the funds. These funds will lose value over time. The dividends will decrease over time which means that your initial investment will get obliterated. Your dividend income will get obliterated and it might have just been better for you to get the underlying stock. And again I don't think these funds are terrible and I don't think that it's the kind of thing where no one should invest in them. Obviously, you are in charge of your own financial decisions. Just because I personally don't invest in these and don't like them doesn't mean it's wrong for you. Another example of where these funds could work is say you don't have $16,500. See, if you have $16,500 a year ago, you buy 100 shares, you can then sell covered calls on your own. But you need to be able to afford 100 shares because one contract equals 100 shares. So if you don't have $16,500, you can't sell covered call. So you buy 10 shares of Micro Strategy, you can't sell covered calls. You can't generate premium or income, which means that then this might be a good idea for you to put in your portfolio, maybe. I can't decide for you. They look good on the surface, but dive a little deeper and you realize, huh, plus they could have higher taxes and they have high fees. Make sure you smash that follow if you want to learn how to invest and avoid yield traps.