I'm making a little bit more than $1,000 a week right now and it's because of Tik Tok. Um, but not in the way you may think. Uh, no brand deals. I'm not selling a course. I'm not selling guides. I'm not selling templates. I'm going to tell you exactly how I'm doing this. Um, and first take a look at this. This is Robin. She is snuggled. Hi, buddy. I'm talking about you. I'm talking about you. Oh, you're so pretty. Hi, bud. I've had a long day. She was sitting on the other side of my bed a few minutes ago and I said, "Robin, I've had a long day. I could use a hug." And she got up and walked right over and now she's sitting right next to me. That's pretty crazy. Anyway, so uh I've been making videos on Tik Tok for the last 6 years about day trading, swing trading, and investing. And um it it occurred to me that I'm doing what I'm doing right now really in part because of Tik Tok. And I'm I'm learning and we're all doing this together. And it's something that's really cool for someone who's been investing for over 20 years and uh trading stocks for more than 15. I never really dabbled in options. Um however, uh and this is something that my mom and I were talking about earlier today, too. Uh and if you're wondering why I've had a long day, it's because my 1985 Ford Bronco broke down. There it is. I don't know what's wrong. Anyway, this video is going to be a little bit all over the map, in case you haven't guessed. I was talking to my mom and I was telling her, "Oh, you're not going to believe this. The Bronco's back in the shop again." and she said, "Hey, I've been watching your videos on Covered Calls. Why did you start doing this?" And I said, "Well, the reason that I started is actually because of Tik Tok. Uh, I've seen some videos from other content creators saying, "Oh, you can make $1,000 a month a week selling covered calls and anyone can do it." And when you dig a little deeper, it's because that these people are buying um stock in Tesla. They're buying 100 shares and they're selling covered calls. And right now with Tesla being as volatile as it is, you can sometimes make 900 bucks a week. That is not something that is attainable for the average person. So it is a halftruth or a half lie. Uh yes, that guy is making $1,000 a week. Yes, you can do it. But can the average American can the average retail investor? No, I don't think they can. So I said, you know, these videos are kind of a little bit misleading. let me show you what is more attainable. And I I made a video and I said like look at a stock like Rivian which is similar to Tesla electric vehicles. I know that they're a little bit different but you get the idea. Don't don't lose your temper. Um and I said look Rivian it's you know $1,400 a share and the premiums are about $17 a week. So I said you know if you're watching one of two videos which video are you going to watch? Are you gonna watch the video where some guy says you can make $1,000 a week or are you gonna watch the video where the guy says you can make $17 a week? Of course, you're going to watch the one on $1,000 a week, but it doesn't really help you. So, I said, "This is just, you know, what it looks like." So, someone left a comment or someone asked something and they said, "Well, you know what? If you got a little bit more money uh than, you know, than than 1400, but you don't have 30,000 for Tesla." So, I was like, "Oh, that's a good question." And so I started looking at some of the premiums and I realized that HIMS um which obviously I don't use cuz I've lost my hair. Um HIMS has a pretty high premium. So I decided to started God I am tired. I decided that I'm going to start a series where I'm going to try to make $180 a week on one on selling one covered call on him stock. Now him stock is around $50 a share right now. So it does cost a little bit of money. Yes, the strategy takes money to make money. if you have 5,000 bucks, you can make on average, you know, $80 to $100, you know, a week, 180 on these covered calls. Um, and I said, well, I'm going to document this series now. And as the series grows, as I buy other stocks, I will document that as well. So, this is my latest uh example. You can see that I've got HIMS. This is the 100 shares where I'm trying to do 180 a week. And oh, this week I failed. I only made 80, but I bought another 200 shares where I made 322. I bought Aqua or I made 240. I bought Joby where I made146. I bought Nphase where I made 245. Cost me $27,000, $455 bucks. I made $1,33 plus 177 from the profit of all of these positions because they were assigned. This one expires next week, so it might be assigned. Um, but so, you know, $1,33 plus another $177 in a week. Not bad. Now, you might say, "Well, I don't have 27,000." Okay. But the whole point of this is to say, look, on 5,000 bucks, I made $80. On 9,9500, I made $322. On uh 5600, I made 240. On $3,200, I made 146. On $3,900, I made $245. So, you don't have to do all of it. You don't have to I'm not saying, you know, everyone needs to put in 27,000, but, you know, look at all these different ones. you know, if you can afford one or two or three or something like that, you could make money. I'm not saying this is financial advice and all these positions are going to change weekly with this series. Um, but the whole point is this is all really because of Tesla of of of Tik Tok and these Tesla videos that these other content creators would make. I really wouldn't have been uh doing this. You know, my girlfriend said, "Why, you know, why haven't you always done this?" And I said, "You know, I I was a day trader and a swing trader. I got used to trading a certain way and it worked for me and I never really looked to try anything different because yeah, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. And what I was doing was working and I literally only started this because I saw some other guys making some kind of misleading videos. So, hey, thanks Tik Tok. I'm going to bed.