Oh, you want to make money selling covered calls. I'm not talking about couple hundred bucks. No, I'm talking about big money. I'm going to show you how to do it. And it's probably going to piss you off. You're probably going to see this and be like, "I hate rich people even more because this is one of those infinite money glitches where the rich just get richer." And you might say, "Hey, I'm not even going to watch this cuz it won't even ever apply to me." No, you're wrong. It will apply to you. You are going to get that money. I don't know how. I don't know when, but it's going to happen. Stock Sienna believes in you. And when that day comes and you want to take your money and turn it into more money and generational wealth, you're going to be so glad you saved this video because you're going to be like, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute. There's a guy in a Santa Claus hat. He talked about it on TikTok. I'm going to go find that video. This is that video." And most of these covered calls are weekly expirations, all but the last one. Which means you could make this money every single week. And I know what you're thinking. Hey, shut up and tell me how to actually sell covered calls. I've never even heard of this. Stock Santa's got a gift. You're going to go right here to my homepage on TikTok. This is the video that I'm filming right now. That's crazy. This playlist, covered calls, $180 a week, covered calls explained. You're also going to go right there, and you're going to click on the menu, which is going to open up this. Everything here is free, by the way, but you're looking for this covered calls explained guide. All right, enough talking. Let's go make some money. I can't see. These are not prescription. All right, let's start small. To buy a 100 shares of Nvidia, that's what you need to sell covered calls. You need 100 shares. It would cost you $18,500. And if you sold a covered call with a $187.50 strike price, you would make $256. What about Microsoft? 100 shares would cost you $49,12. And if you sold a strike price of say $4.92.50, you'd make $430. All right, enough of the small potatoes. I know what you really want. 100 shares of Tesla is going to cost you almost $44,000 and you would make $875. 100 shares of Broadcom would cost you $40,110 and you would make $1,400 per contract. What about booking holdings? 100 shares. Are you ready for this? Will cost you more than half a million, but you could make $4,900 per week. And if you're looking for something a little bit less expensive than half a million, well, 100 shares of AutoZone will cost you $376,000, but you could make $9500. However, their contracts are monthly only. So, this is just once per month, but it's almost $10,000. Smash that follow.