One of the ways that I make money is through selling covered calls. If you don't know what that is, I have resources everywhere, including two playlists right here on this homepage. All free. And I make about I don't know anywhere from 600 to 1,400 pretty consistently every single week. I start the trades Monday morning, but I start the research on Sunday night and just to get like ballpark, you know, because the prices aren't accurate and the premiums that I get paid aren't accurate, but I kind of get like a gauge, you know, oh, this one's paying this, how much percentage that is is that, and oh, that one's paying this, and how much is it going to cost me? And all that research to compile the list and to go through everything probably takes me like 20 30 minutes. Monday morning when the stock market opens at 9:30, I start looking again at all the updated numbers as the options contracts, you know, start pricing and get a better gauge of, you know, what's going on in the markets that week. Maybe some news, maybe some earnings are coming out for specific companies that maybe I don't want to touch. I re-evaluate. I make some new decisions. I go from there. And all of that work, including buying all of the shares and then immediately selling covered call, you know, contracts against those shares. All that work takes me again about 30 minutes and it pulls me in a pretty consistent, you know, $1,000 on average per week. All of that under an hour, Sunday night, Monday morning, and then I'm basically good for the rest of the week. I make money doing other things uh to give me more income, but we're talking about anywhere between 50 to maybe upwards of $70,000 in income per year. on under an hour of work per week. So the comment is, is it not a lot of work? Yeah, it's not a lot of work. Is there risk? Yeah, there's risk associated with covered calls for sure. But the comment then says, for just a couple thousands per year, I don't think 50 to 70 grand is just a couple thousand given that it only takes me about, you know, an hour per week. By the way, I have a new policy here to set some boundaries. If you are not following me, I am not going to respond to your comment, your question, or your DM. So, make sure you're following because otherwise I'm not I'm not going to see