Are cash secured puts and covered calls gambling? Short answer, no. Longer answer, it could be. Let's talk about it. But first, if you have a question and you ask it below, make sure you're following me. I only answer questions of people who follow me. Boundaries. So, selling covered calls generates income on shares I already own. I purchase these shares. It is an income strategy. I'm not gambling or rolling the dice. I'm simply making an arrangement with someone on the other side to say, for example, I purchased these shares at 50 and you can buy my shares for whatever strike price I choose. Maybe I say at $52, that person pays me a premium, I get to keep that money no matter what. And if the stock that I own at 50 is over 52 on the day of expiration, which let's just say you do weekly. So that following Friday, that same Friday, my shares are gone. I make the profit between this. So, I bought it at 50, I'm selling it at 52, and I get to keep the premium. So, the verdict is not gambling. What about cash secured puts? Is that gambling? A cash secured put, on the other hand, is an agreement that I will buy the stock at a lower price. Someone's paying me a premium, which I get to keep, and I'm saying, "Hey, this stock is $50 right now. I don't want to buy it at 50." I'd be willing though to buy it at $47 on whatever time frame I choose, which now if it hits $42 at the day of expiration, I'm still required to buy it at 47, but I also keep the premium. I can also buy back the options contract if this happens, and I might pay a little bit of extra money for it, but I'm essentially saying, I'm out. I don't want to buy these shares anymore. I was willing to buy it at 47. I don't want to be stuck buying it at 47 when it's already 42, stepping into a really big loss. So, no thank you. I will buy it back and forget about this trade. The thing about cash secured puts is you must have that cash on hand. You have to have that money in your account to do it. So, if I'm saying I'll buy 100 shares of 4,700, I need $4,700 in my account on the day of expiration. Essentially, I'm saying I'd like to buy the stock just at a lower price. So, again, verdict, not gambling. Now, if you don't understand the risks, yes, you can make the case that it is gambling. If you don't know what you're getting into here, well, I didn't know I was required to buy it at 47 even though it's 42. I thought I'd be able to buy it at 42. Then that is a humongous risk. I don't know if it's gambling necessarily or just being uninformed or not educated on the risks and what's actually happening here. But if you're ignoring the downside risk and going, "Well, I don't think it'll happen to me." Well, then that's risky. Maybe you could make the case that that's gambling. Or maybe you're chasing quick profits or you don't realize downside risk or that the upside could be capped. And I could also see making the case that this is some sort of gamble involved, right? You are betting that the stock is going to be at this price or at that price in a set period of time. But if you know what you're doing, this really can just be a strategy to make money on shares you already own or are willing to