I'm making a lot of money every single week selling covered calls. It ranges. It ranges. Some weeks I make 400, some weeks I make 200. Other weeks I make 600. Right now it's a pretty consistent $600 a week with anywhere from $15 to $20,000 uh invested in the strategy. It's not really an investment, but I'm putting the money into it to make around $600 per week. But making these higher premiums is taking on more risk because these stocks are inherently risky. That's why the premiums are so high on a shorter weekly basis. I'm comfortable with that risk. I've been investing for 20 years day and swing trading for 20 years for 15 years. So I'm used to volatility. I have plans. I have exit strategies. I know all about risk management. So, for me, I'm okay to take some of these risks even though they're a little bit more uh elevated. You might not be. So, what are some stocks that are a little bit more stable that still have decent premiums? Well, the thing is, if they're more stable, they don't have decent premiums because it's these aren't volatile stocks. If I want to buy Coca-Cola stock, uh, you know, this week, it's probably going to be the same price next week and the week after and maybe even the month after. Now, maybe a year down the road. If you're thinking, "Oh, Coca-Cola could go up a little bit." Maybe then the premiums might be a little bit higher. Um, but it's it's slow and consistent. Let's take a look. So, if we look at Coca-Cola on a 180day chart, you can see that it's just kind of moving sideways. Yeah, it goes up a little, it goes down a little, but it's mostly flat. So, if we click on the weekly premiums, keep in mind that it is Thursday at 8:46 in the morning, so markets aren't even open, and we're towards the end of the week. So, the current premiums that we're looking at are already towards like, you know, they've almost expired. So, I'm going to go one week down to the 25th. And you can see that the premiums, you know, they're they're they're okay. It's uh let's see here. If you pick $1 out of the out of the money, so it's currently $69 pre-market. So, if we went to the $70 strike price, well, you'd make around $86, but it would cost you $7,000 to make, which is still not bad. But if the premium is uh86, so if you're making $86 on, let's say, a $6,900 investment, you're making 1.24%. That's great. Uh, but you know, it's not it's not out of control. Now, just to compare, let's take a look at HIMS. Uh, if if it's um if it's $51, so we're going to do the $52 strike price. 52, we're making $230. So, $230 divided by let's say 51.85. Uh, it's 4.4% of your you're making 4.4%. But this is a little bit more risky because HIMS is a stock that can drop pretty pretty hard. Now Johnson and Johnson is another pretty stable company. They pay a premium of $139 which is not even 1% on your money cuz it's a $16,000 investment. Waste Management is another company that comes to mind when I think of stable companies. And look, they don't even offer weekly. They only offer monthly options. uh which pays pretty well, $420, but it's going to cost you $22,586 to buy 100 shares to make 420. So 1.86%. And that's on a month, not weekly basis. You get the idea. Usually these stable companies are highpaying dividend companies like McDonald's. relatively stable, pays $277 for one contract, but it's going to cost you almost $30,000. Again, about 1% or slightly less. And look, making 1% on your money, especially for stable, high-paying dividend companies, is great. It's a little bit extra money. Uh, but if you're really trying to make a lot of money doing this and maybe take on some risk, you can you can see the difference. I'm not saying that this is bad and my way is better. It's just every investor has different risks, goals, and desires from this strategy. So, if you are looking to just make, hey, let me make a little bit extra. I got a couple hundred shares of McDonald's. I don't mind losing 100 shares. I'll sell one contract. I'll make, you know, I'll make like 1% of my money every week. That's great. One quick note, when it comes to stable companies, most of them pay dividends. Something you need to be aware of when it comes to covered calls and dividends is that your shares, you need to pay attention to the X dividend date. The date that you need to you own the stock prior to X dividend, you get the dividend. If you buy it on X dividend date or the day after, you don't get that dividend. So, if you see Whoa, did you see that? A bug just flew by. If you have um if you have a dividend coming up and you sell a covered call, your shares can be assigned early. someone can say, "You know what? I want the dividend this week, and I'm gonna take your shares so I can qualify for that dividend." Which means you you you lose your shares. You don't get that dividend. You might regret that. So just something to be aware