I'm going to show you a covered call strategy where you can make $1,800. Today is Monday. By Friday. Of course, there's a lot of risks involved with this, especially because this company's earnings are coming out later in the week. Let me show you what I'm talking about. Everyone always asks what this is called. This is called Thinkorswim. It is an app provided by Schwab. That is my brokerage. And you can see here that we're looking at Meta stock. This is Facebook. And over the last couple of weeks, the stock is down a lot. Now, I just posted a video last week on covered calls, going over a strategy like this, saying when a stock is down dramatically, it's not the best time to sell covered calls because the stock could surge. Add in the fact that their earnings are coming out. And if Meta or Facebook has really good earnings, the stock could pop. And if you sell covered calls, you run the risk of having your shares called away. Now, you still would get to keep that $1,800 premium. But is it always worth it when the stock is down so much that you might lose your shares? Well, that's a personal preference. For me, the answer is no. Now, all you do if you want to sell covered calls is you click right here where it says trade. And you can see that I already have Meta in here. And we're looking at the options that expire on Friday. That is the 2nd. And we can see that Meta's earnings come out on Wednesday. Now, these options would expire on Friday. Now, remember Now, remember, Facebook is $466 a share right now. The further out your strike price, the less likely it is that it's going to hit that price target. And it also means that the smaller your premium is going to be. This is the money you would collect. So, it's $466. Is it possible that Meta could be $475 in just a few days? Typically, I'd say, "Well, probably not." However, like I said, their earnings are coming out, which means, "Well, anything is possible." And that fact that we just don't know makes it too risky for me. So, I would personally sit this out. And all you would do if you did want to run this trade is you would go right here to the bid column where it says 1780. That's your premium. This is what you would make. And you just give a little click. Now then, you'll go all the way down here to the bottom. Each number of these is contracts. So if you have 100 shares, you could sell one contract. So we're going to go all the way down to one. And then we just come all the way over here and click confirm and send. And this would be the premium that you collect. Now people love making these kinds of videos because they go, "Oh, it's an easy $1,800 a week." But in order to sell one contract, first you need 100 shares. And at $466 per share, it would cost you $46,000 to just sell that one contract to make the $1,800. So as the old saying goes, takes money to make money, right? But you can still do this strategy with more affordable shares. I just want to show you why content creators always use Tesla, Meta, and more expensive stocks. Because when you're looking at something like I'm going to use Palantir as an example for the next one. Well, even if you sell one contract, you're not going to come anywhere close to 1,800 bucks. If you have 100 shares of Palantir and we're doing the same one week out and I don't know what is it, 27? So we'll do the $28.50 ones. Well, you'd make around 13 cents per contract, which represents 100 shares. So you'd make around $13. And there it would be $13. So you know, if I made a video going, "I'm going to show you how you can make $13 a week." You tell me to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off. That's why people in finance, especially in TikTok, will go with stuff like Meta or Tesla because wow, $1,800 in a week. But they don't tell you is that it's going to cost you, you know, $46,000. But the reason I'm using Meta in this example is to illustrate that when you have a stock that's down dramatically on top of the fact that their earnings are coming out, too risky for me.