What if I told you that you could make 149% per year in dividends? That makes McDonald's 2.29% annual dividend look like a joke. Are they too good to be true? They're on a lot of people's minds. Just take a look at this. Obviously, YieldMax is on a lot of people's minds and they want to know if it's good or not. So, let's talk about it. YieldMax offers dozens, this is just one screenshot on their website, of covered call ETFs that generate very high dividends, but there's a little bit more to the story than the Micro Strategy 149% annual dividend. First of all, see how it says dividend yield TTM? This stands for trailing 12 months. This is based on the past dividends, not going forward. So, this number is not accurate. They're saying, "Hey, if everything goes the way it's gone in the past," which the markets don't do. It'll be around this, which it won't. Take a look. This is the yield max dividend history. And you can see that it changes quite a bit. It's $185, then it's $419, then it's $442, then it's $38. And look at this one in in 2025, $137, $1.33, 237, $147. It changes all the time. Now, you might be saying, "Hey, who cares? Whether I'm making $2.27 or $147, I'm still making money, baby." But there's something else going on behind the scenes here. And it's something called NAV or net asset value. And this is basically the total value of the fund. And it's constantly dropping. Take a look. I'm on Market Watch, which kind of got cut off, but you can still see it. And you see right here, it says NAV, $20.26. 26 cents. Now, I haven't been able to find maybe you know of one. Let me know in the comments below. I haven't been fi able to find a way to track the monthly NAV other than just going on and looking every month. But generally, this number is going to go down. And I know it's going to go down because this is the Micro Strategy Yield Max ETF. And look at this. It's down 42% in the last year. It's just constantly losing value. And just this year alone, MSTY is down almost 23%. So you're losing money and you're getting back a little bit through the dividend. These funds use covered calls to generate income. But there's two problems with this. One, it doesn't protect you against losses. And two, you're capped on how much you can make because if the stock goes up, the shares get called away. Remember this, for the last year, it's down 41%. And year to date, it's down 23%. If you had just purchased Micro Strategy stock, you'd be up 121%. And you'd be up 30% year to date. On the one hand, you're getting some dividend income, and that's pretty cool, but on the other hand, your initial investment just consistently loses value over time. Not only that, but the fees are really, really high, almost 1%. So, does this mean that these funds are just flatout bad for all investors? Not necessarily. Every investor is different and you might say, "Who cares about my initial investment? I don't care if it goes to zero as long as I make money every single month." On the other hand, it might have just been better for you to buy the underlying stock. Let's say you were a Micro Strategy shareholder and you would love to generate some passive income by selling covered calls on your position. There's only one problem. 100 shares, which is what you need to sell covered calls, right? because one contract equals 100 shares would cost you $37,510. Most people can't afford this. So, if you had two or three shares of Micro Strategy, you're screwed. You can't sell covered calls. In that case, maybe you could consider buying the Micro Strategy covered call ETF to All in all, I'm not really a fan of these. But if you like them, then do whatever works best for you. Make sure you follow along so you can avoid flashy yield traps and understand your investments a little bit