made $25 this week selling a covered call on him stock. Now, this is video 3.5 of the series because I'm still going to be talking about that same position. Video number four will be next week. Uh so, let's just say this is three and a half. It is noon on Friday, December December December. It's June 20th. I don't know where December came from. Doesn't matter. It's June 20th. this latest covered call expires today. So, I wanted to talk about a couple of things. Um, one is rolling the contract to next week and why you would or wouldn't do that. And the follow-up will be selling a cash secured put. I'm going to cover both of those in this video, so it might be a little bit longer, but bear with me. I took this screenshot earlier today. Now, you see here that I have 300 shares of HIMS, and this is my my profit. Um, but I'm selling one covered call. So that's 100 of these 300 shares uh that um I purchased at around $56. And I said if it's above 58 by Friday, those shares are gone. So I'm going to make $2, right? Cuz I'm in at 56. It's going to sell at 58. Now I'm currently looking at the stock. It's currently $62.76, which means, and this is part of the deal with these covered calls, that I'm going to miss out on the profit from 58 to 6277, but I get to keep the $25. Option one is to roll the options contract. This means that I'm going to take a loss on the contract. I'm essentially buying I'm I'm uh buying back the contract, so I'm closing it, and then I'm buying automatically another one for next week. I'm rolling the contract over. This is a great option when you really don't want to lose those shares. So, say I purchased a 100 shares of HIMS at $21 and I sold a covered call and it's now going to hit that strike price and I'm going to lose my shares and I'm going to number one lose my lowcost basis of whatever I said $21 and number two I'm going to owe taxes a big tax bill from $21 to to 58. I don't want to do that. I don't want to lose those shares. Then I would roll the contract or I would just close it and I would I would lose some money on the contract, but I'd get to keep my shares. But since I don't really care about losing these shares, I'm I don't want to lose money. That's going to eat into the $25 premium I got, and it's going to eat into my $200 profit that I got uh from buying the shares at 56 and then losing them at 58. The other option is to sell a cashsecured put. It's cash secured because it means that I have the money to buy back the 100 shares if it drops to the price that I want. Uh I'm not going to do this either and I'm going to explain why. But let me just show you the options contract. Okay, so this is HIMS. This is the option chain right here. You can see that it's uh you know almost $63. Um and I'm going to be showing you next week's because uh this week is almost over. Um, but I would essentially be on Monday, uh, after I lose these shares today, which it's very likely I'm going to do unless this thing drops, you know, four and a half dollars under 58 bucks, I'm going to lose these shares. So on Monday, I would go here. Now, this is the call side. You can see it right here where it says call. This is the put side. And you can see that like let's just round up and say that it's 63. Actually, it's about to be $63. Anyway, now the way this works is you're basically betting on the stock going down. And the further down you go, well, the less likely it is. It's not really likely that the stock is going to go from $63 to say 57. That's why the premium is so low. I would make $78. And the cash secured thing means I would need to have $5,700 because if the stock managed to get to 57, I would have to buy 100 shares at 57. But since it's very unlikely, the premium that you get is very small. So for me, I would say, well, let's say $61. Do I think it could go down to $61 next week? That's possible. So I might sell one cash secured put and I'd make around $188. Now, if it is not $61 by next week at the end of the expiration, I keep the $180 whatever dollars and I don't have to buy a 100 shares. But if it drops below 61, I got to buy those shares. Now, here's the downside. Here's the real risk with doing this. The person on the other side of this trade or the institution or whatever on the other side of this. If HIMS drops, if there's catastrophic bad news over the weekend or there's a scandal with the company or something really bad happens in the in the world and the markets plummet. Let's say by some terrible twist of fate on Monday, HIMS opens at $51. I have to buy it at 61, which means I'm walking into a loss. By the way, if I did sell a cash secured put uh and the stock ended up dropping considerably, I'm not forced to follow through. I could close out the options contract uh and buy it back, but I could end up taking a pretty big loss doing that. So, for me, it wouldn't be worth it taking that kind of risk. I would rather miss out on the hundred bucks. Also, you might notice something. the premium on the put side is a little bit smaller than the premium on the call side. So for me, I would rather say I'm not going to take the risk of something bad happening over the weekend or I'm going to have to buy it at a higher price even though it's lower. I'll just wait until Monday and probably buy the shares back at whatever it's doing on Monday and then go a dollar or two out and sell another covered call and make, you know, 200 bucks or 250 bucks, something like that. To sell a cash secured put, all you do is hit on the price that you want under the bid column. You literally just click and it's going to be red down here because you are selling a cash secured put. And you would drop this number all the way down to why isn't it happening? There it goes. All the way down to one. But that's kind of why I'm not going to roll it cuz I don't care about losing the shares. And I'm probably not going to sell the cash secured put. I'll just wait until Monday, buy the stock at whatever it's doing, and then go a dollar or two out. And I'm gonna post this video um tonight or tomorrow after the markets closed so we can get a full read on on what happened. Okay, so the markets are closed now. You can see that it closed well above $58. So these shares, these 100 shares are gone. Bye-bye. I just want to walk you through the week to show you how volatile this was. Remember, it had to close over $58. So on Monday when I sold the covered call, I sold it at almost um at I think 57 something which is around here. You can see it shoots right up to $61. So it's already looking like maybe I could lose my shares on Friday. But then on Tuesday it drops to $5630 something right here. So oh maybe it'll go down over the course of the week and I won't lose the shares. But then it went up and then up again. And bye-bye my shares. Now, make sure that you smash that follow and follow this playlist down below because on Monday, I'll update with whatever I uh I plan on doing