Welcome back to my weekly series where I try to make $180 per week selling covered calls on HIM stock. Now, this series has since expanded. I'm now making around $1,100 to $1,400 per week. But this week didn't really work out in my favor. Let's take a look. By the way, people often misrepresent covered calls as this sort of like extremely low risk or no risk strategy where only the upside is capped, which we'll talk about in a second, but there's some real downside risk as well. So, we start off with 500 shares of QuantumCape. This was the riskiest one in my opinion at the beginning of the week. I think I even mentioned it at the beginning of the video saying that I'm going relatively small on this one. Even though the premium was around 8%. I was only putting in what I was comfortable risking, which was $5,700. I kept 466 bucks. That's mine to keep. Downside is that the stock today closed at $826. So, I'm sitting on a pretty big loss. Now, earlier on in the week, as the stock was dropping, I had options, right? I could have bought back the option at a loss, sold the stock at a loss, and moved on. Uh, but, you know, for me, I said, "Well, I'm just going to ride this out, see what happens." Now, what am I going to do next week? It's Friday, August 1st. It is 6:41 at the time of me filming this. So, the premiums that we're looking at for next week are not going to be accurate. By Monday morning, a whole lot of things could change, but it still just gives us a loose idea. So, this is QuantumCape. It was on the decline. This is when I bought it, kind of hoping uh that it would rebound. Of course, I was wrong. Now, remember, I'm in the stock at $1147 with a strike price of $11.50. And it is $8.26, which means $11.50 is way out of the money. Look at these premiums. Nothing. they don't even exist. We'll wait and see what happens. Maybe on Tuesday or Wednesday as the stock hopefully starts to climb back up, the premiums will be a little bit higher and I can take advantage of that or worst case scenario, I cut it, take a pretty big loss. Nphase was another loser. So, um, I'm stuck with QuantumCape. I still have this position in my portfolio and NPhase as well because I picked a strike price of 3550 and it closed at 3143. So, I get to keep the $295 premium, but I uh I'm sitting on a loss on this one as well. Now, I'm less worried about Nphase than QuantumCape. Um, but just take a look at the options contracts for next week. This is Nphase. Remember, I'm in at 35.49. So, my strike price has to be 3550, which is paying a premium of around $11 per contract. I have 300 shares, so not very much money on this one either. um loosely speaking because it'll it'll change by Monday I would imagine. So again much like QuantumCape with Nphase I will sit on the sidelines this is about $15,000 now that is out of commission for me while I either decide to cut losses or wait for these stocks to come back up. But I'll again, just like QuantumCape, I'll wait until maybe maybe it rebounds on Monday morning or Tuesday or Wednesday, at which point I would either sell a covered call with an expiration of August 8th or I would go further out to the 15th. Um, the only reason I don't want to do that is I don't want to tie up my money in these contracts with a twoeek long expiration. But that might be an option. or the or it comes back up, in which case I would try to get out and I would pick the August 8th expiration uh for for that one as well. Finally, we've got HIMS. Now, this is where this whole series began. Can I make $180 a week? And you can see that I did with this one. However, with HIMS, it closed at 6255. Now, I had this position of 200, but I also had this position uh in HIMS that I had purchased the previous week. Um, so I'm going to be getting back $11,500 and $5,400 almost $5,500 from the two positions on HIMS. When we talk about the risks of the strategy, people often always say, well, the the biggest risk is that the upside is capped. I disagree. Obviously, with QuantumCape and NPhase, you're seeing that you can get into something, make some money on a premium, but then get wiped out if the stock drops. But let's really quickly talk about upside being capped. The way this works is I buy HIMS at 5755. I sell a contract, a covered call contract with a strike of 58. This means no matter what the stock is over 58, I'm obligated to sell at 58. Sometimes the risk is that the stock runs. Hims earlier on in the week hits $70. Now, it closed at 62, but it hit $70. This might have just been a better trade for me this week, but I always say we're not here to make all of the money, just some of it. I also had Oscar Health, which I don't think it closed at 1358. So, I'm I continue to hold these shares. I was in at 1383 with a strike price of 14. So, on Monday, I will most likely pick a $14 strike price on Oscar Health. That will pay around $60 per contract. I have 300 shares. I'll make around $180 roughly on Oscar Health, which is down from the 322 that I made last week. I got dozens of emails over the course of the week. What are you doing with QuantumCape? What are you doing with Nphase? What are you doing with Oscar Health? And it makes me feel that some of the people who are watching these videos are just blindly copying me and going like, well, he knows what he's doing, so I'm just going to copy him. Even though I post these videos, the Monday video usually gets posted late afternoon or evening, Monday evening. So, people are rushing out and buying on Tuesday. Maybe they don't know what they're doing. Maybe they're blindly copying. Maybe they're going, "Oh, this guy, he's going to get us make us rich." Please don't do that. Covered calls can be very, very risky. I'm comfortable tying up $15,000 in two positions, QuantumCape, NPhase, where it's a little bit risky. I can afford to do it. I've got the risk tolerance. I've got the experience of 15 years day trading and swing trading to know what I'm comfortable messing around with. If you are not comfortable with this amount of money or any amount of money and you're new and you're inexperienced when it comes to options trading, please do not copy people. The messages that I was getting make me feel that a lot of people were just tossing money in blindly without knowing what they were doing, thinking, "Hey, we're all going to get rich together." It doesn't always work that