The last job I had was in 2011. And since then, I have become a fairly successful stock trader. In the last six months, I've started trading options. I know this video might be a little bit long, so if you're short on time, make sure you save this video so you can come back and watch it when you have a little bit more time. A question I get asked a lot is what happens to a stock if you buy it at $55. You're selling covered calls with a $56 strike price, and then the stock tanks. You can't really sell covered calls anymore with a $56 strike if the stock is $40 a share. So, what can you do? I'm going to tell you. You have options here. You could sell the stock at a loss. But what do you do if you have the stock in your portfolio and now it's down? I'm going to show you something called the covered call repair strategy. All right. So, this is essentially how this strategy works. You have your 100 shares at 55. For whatever reason, it's now $40 a share. Maybe bad earnings. You can no longer sell covered calls with a strike price of $56. But you can sell covered calls at a strike price of say $45. Now you might say, "Well, couldn't I just sell it at 41 for the higher premium?" Yes, you could. A lower strike price puts you at risk of an early assignment. Early meaning before the options expire. So if you sell the covered call to expire on Friday and the stock skyrockets to $49 on Tuesday or Wednesday, it can be assigned early. That's not the goal because then you'd be in real trouble because you bought it at 55, you were selling it at a loss. Selling it with a say $45 strike price gives you a smaller probability of the shares skyrocketing. Gives you more time to react in the moment if you have to. So, as an example, you would sell one covered call with a $45 strike price. Even though the stock is now $40 per share, it would expire on that same Friday and you would earn, let's say, $120 as an example. Now, on Friday, if XYZ closes below $45, you keep your shares and you keep the premium. No problem. That's good. But let's say the markets, you know, the markets close at 4:00. So, let's say you're looking at the stock and it's like $46.50 or $47 and you're you're thinking, uhoh, it's going to close above my strike price. My shares are going to get assigned and I'm going to be forced to realize a loss on my shares because again, you bought it at 55 and now it's over your strike price of 45. It's 4647, you're going to be realizing a loss. You might not want to do that. So, what do you do? Friday afternoon, if it's looking pretty likely that it's going to close over that strike price, you just roll the contract to the next Friday. So, if the stock was 47 per share before the markets closed on Friday, you would just roll it to a strike price of say 51 or whatever you wanted, that would expire on the following Friday. Now, by rolling the contracts, you are going to be taking a loss. You're going to have to buy back the options contract. That's the loss. But you're going to be selling another covered call, earning another premium for the following Friday, which could offset the loss or erase the loss completely, of course, depending on the premiums. This strategy allows you to make some money while you're waiting for the recovery, and it essentially kind of lowers your cost basis overall. No surprise here. I'm currently doing this with my HIMS stock. So, when you're on your brokerage app, you click on the covered call position that you have. It'll take you to a page that kind of looks like this. And right down there, you'll see create rolling order. Now, this is the part that you have to pay attention to. Look here. You see how it says -4? That's because I've sold four contracts. But when I hit roll, it automatically sets to sell the four contracts and then buy four calls. We're not buying calls. We're selling covered calls. So, that's very important. You have to notice this. So, all you would do is click right there. So, when you click on it, you should see this. It says buy. If you literally just tap the buy, it will switch to sell, which is what you want. And then here, strike price. You click on that down arrow, and you will be able to scroll through and pick the strike price you want to assign for the following week. All right, that's how you do it. I'm going to be up here now so you can take a screenshot.