This is video part six and a half of my weekly series. This is the Friday video where I recap how much I made on my covered call strategy. I have 100 shares of him stock and if they get assigned I just repurchase them on Monday or I'll sell a cash secured put and do that instead. But you can see here that on June 30th I bought 100 shares of HIMS at $50. And on July 7th, I sold one covered call to expire on July 11th, which is today, with a $50 strike price. But here's the mistake that I made. I sold this covered call first thing Monday morning when HIM's stock was down. So this is Monday. You can see it right here, 77. You can see that HIMS dropped pretty hard at the open on Monday, which meant that I was really out of the money on my $50 call. It's Robin. Oh, hello Robin. My bed's a mess. It's okay. Now, the problem was that because I'm selling this call with a $50 strike price when it was in the, you know, I don't know, in the mid-40s somewhere here, the premium wasn't very much. It was only $50 because I sold it when the stock was in the, you know, $46 47 range, which meant that it was a lot less likely that it would hit this price. So, the premium was a little bit smaller. Now, the mistake that I made is you can see just a day or two later, it's Wednesday at this point, and him is now 50 bucks. Look at the premium for $51 call. It's 130. I think it says $130. So, if I had just waited a few more days, I could have made $130 on the premium instead of 54. Now, in life, people are always saying, don't look backwards. What happened happened. Don't do the hindsight thing. But in trading, especially with covered calls or day trading or swing trading, looking back and seeing what was the mistake I made and what could I have done differently, this could have been. Now you now hims might have stayed in the 4546 $47 range all week and I would have missed out on that $54 but personally I would have rather taken the chance giving it a day or two to see if the premiums come up a little bit more and risk not making $54 for the possibility of making say 130. I would have taken that choice in in hindsight. And you look here at the chart for him and what do you notice right down here? this blue, it is oversold on the relative strength index. And of course, the relative strength index is not a guarantee. It is just an indicator. But you can see that as it starts to move up, it starts crossing all of these moving averages on the way up. And there's an increase in volume. So, I could have taken the chance. I probably should have, but I didn't. Oh well. But that's not all because I had another 200 shares that I purchased uh on July 7th at $45.87 87 and I sold two covered calls also expiring on the same day. And look at the premium that I made on this one. $366 for the two contracts. You know, cuz I'm looking at it. Hims closed at $47.89, which means that I lost my $200 shares. I keep this $366 and I even made another $26 on the difference of the price that I purchased it and where it was called away at 46. So I'm in at 45.87, out at 46. I made $26 more, which means I made $392 this week on that position and 54 on the last one. Now, if you watch the last video in this playlist, which is not part of the series, so this is video 6.5. There's a video part six, but the one in between that in this playlist is going over some other options that I'm looking at for next week, and we'll decide what I end up doing. But the reason I'm glad these shares got called away is cuz it frees up about $9,000 in capital which I can now use to make a new investment. So I'll still have the 100 shares of HIMS that I'm working on, the ones that I purchased at $501. They're still in my portfolio. And I'll do the same thing. I'll wait and see what happens later on in the week if I can get a higher premium.