Job security is a myth. People always tell you, "Go to school, get a good degree, get a good job, keep that job 30 years, one day you'll be able to retire. Isn't that fantastic?" That is a myth. What they should be telling you and should be teaching you, which is what I teach you, is how to use your money to make more money. Now, this is going to be a little bit of a longer video, so if you don't have the time to watch it right now, make sure you save it so you can come back later. We're going to be talking about something called selling covered calls. Now, I know it sounds scary. It looks complicated, but once you figure it out, and I'm going to put this video in a playlist that can show you some examples and walkthroughs of how I do this. This is my full-time job. I work about an hour per week selling these covered calls, doing the research to do it, and that's it. So, if you are the type of person who has a good highpaying job that you're worried about, maybe AI comes in and replaces you and you're gone, live below your means. take all the extra money you can and invest it because one day you're going to be potentially sitting on hundreds and hundreds of shares in these companies and if you get laid off, you can use those investments to make income. Here's how it works. Now, the brokerage that I use is Charles Schwab and I use their stock trading software called Think or Swim. Let's take a look at it. This is Think or Swim and these are the options chains. I know it looks crazy. It looks confusing. All we're going to be focusing on is the call side today. All this other confusing stuff, including these puts, we can talk about at a later date or you can check the playlist. And by the way, I'm filming this on a Saturday at 3:00 in the afternoon. So, the markets are closed. So, some of the prices you see here might not be totally accurate, but it's just to give you an idea. Now, one of the things we're going to be talking about in this video is how you might have amassed hundreds, if not maybe even thousands of shares in some of these companies over the course of 10, 15, or 20 years. And you might not want to sell covered calls because if you get assigned, which we'll again talk about in a moment, you lose those shares. They're gone. Now, let's say you purchased some shares 20 years ago at 50 bucks. Now, it's $300 per share. If those shares get assigned, you could have a larger tax bill. Maybe you don't want to part with those shares that you bought so long ago. So, what you would have to do is either buy more shares at the current price or go in and change your tax lot ID. I know it sounds comp complicated, but here's how you do it. All you would do on your brokerage is click on your profile or somewhere in your settings and find something that looks like cost basis method. It might say tax lot ID on your brokerage and it'll show you all of the default methods. Now, you can see I've already changed mine to last in first out, but those are some of the other options. You just scroll down and hit save. When you sell these covered calls, you get that money instantly into your account. No matter what, you keep that money that's yours to keep. So, say I purchase 100 shares of HIMS stock at $45 and I uh pick the weekly options contract. You can pick any one that you want, but because I'm selling these for weekly income, I go one week out. And you have, again, you have a lot of options. If you really don't want to lose your shares, you pick a strike price that is a little bit further away from the current price. Now, since I'm doing this for income, I want the highest premium possible. So, I might buy at $4546 and then sell a strike price at 46. This makes me $300. By the way, when your shares are assigned, you just get your money deposited back into your account. It sells the shares. The downside is if HIMS goes to say 50 bucks, I'm obligated to sell it at 46. The other downside is, of course, it could go lower and then you're stuck with the shares. So, this should really only be done with companies that you don't mind holding if it works against you. Now, the way you sell the call is you pick your strike price that you want. I want $46. Now, keep in mind again, it's Saturday, so none of this is going to be open right now. And you go to this column right here where it says bid and you click on it. This thing will open up down here. Obviously, you are not selling 10 contracts. You are only selling say one because in this hypothetical, you have one position or 100 shares. You go over here and you hit confirm and send. Now, look, the strategy is expensive and of course there are risks involved. I'm not saying that it's affordable and everyone can do it. But if you are a high income earner who lives below your means, you might be in a position where you have a 100red or 200 or 300 shares of this company and 300 shares of that company and you can pick and choose and sell a couple of covered calls per week if you get laid off to supplement your income. Because a lot of people go, "Oh no, I've been fired. I have to sell my stocks." You might be able to use your investments to make money to supplement your income.