Using technical analysis and good old-fashioned experience, I'm going to show you how I made over $450 trading covered calls on Hims stock this week. Long-term with Hims, I'm pretty bullish on the stock. In other words, I think over time it's going to go up. But, short-term there's a lot of volatility, there's a lot of big swings, and I want to generate some income from that. So, what's my plan? My plan is to have two blocks of shares that you can see there at the top. This is the position that I'm planning on holding. It's several hundred shares, around 600 shares. And this is my position, around 300 shares, that I'm a little bit more flexible on. If I can make a little bit of money off of those 300 shares, I'm going to try to do it. And with those 300 shares, I purchased them all kind of recently at 16, 18, and $31 per share. On Monday, Hims was trading at around $31 per share. But over the last few weeks, the stock has had an absolutely massive run-up. Just a few weeks ago, Hims was around $18 per share. And on Monday, it was 31. That is a gain of over 67% in a very short period of time. Instinct alone tells you, okay, you look at this chart, it it's bound to pull back. Now, no guarantees here. I'm going to use technical analysis, I'm going to look at the relative strength index, which is this guy down here, volume, I'm going to look at the chart, and just like I said, experience. You can see that when it's going like this, profit-taking is pretty likely, not guaranteed. That's why technical analysis isn't called technical guarantees, they're called indicators. When I look at a chart like this, and I say, yeah, this is a good week to sell some covered calls. So, I look at the chart, and I say, okay, it's more than likely going to pull back a little bit. I'm going to sell some covered calls with a Friday expiration, that is April 24th, with a strike price of 32. So, it's 31, so that's right out of the money. It's 31, I'm I'm right to 32. This generates me the highest premium possible. I make $450, but it also increases the likelihood that these three shares 300 shares get assigned. If it closes over 32, bye-bye shares, but hello profit cuz I bought it at 16, 18, and 31. So, I make the profit on the shares. I get my money back and I keep the 450. If I really didn't want to lose these shares, I have two options. Option one is I look at the strike price. If it's 31 on Monday and I really don't want to lose my shares, but I'm willing to take a chance, maybe I pick a strike price a little further out of the money. So, if it's 31, maybe I go to 34. You can see that I make a little bit less money, but it decreases the likelihood. It doesn't eliminate it. It just decreases the likelihood. And if I really absolutely 100% didn't want to lose those shares, I wouldn't be selling covered calls on them. This morning, Hims is dropping a little bit. I expect the long term for the stock to go up, but like I said at the beginning, I also expect a short-term volatility. But what if it goes up on Friday? What if Donald Trump on Thursday afternoon says the war in Iran is over, we're pulling out all the troops, it's done. Markets are going to rip. Hims could be $37, and I'm obligated to sell it at 32. Yeah, that's one of the other risks. If you are not cool with your upside being capped or losing your shares, don't trade covered calls.