I'm going to show you how to trade covered calls using Skittles as an example. And then I'm going to eat the Skittles. I just dumped all the Skittles out on my table and I swear this is the shape it made. Now, this is your stock portfolio and let's just say each color here represents a different stock. So, let's say everything that's yellow is Nvidia and everything that's red is maybe Apple. This one right here can be Broadcom. Now, a lot of these shares I want to hold forever. I don't want to sell these shares. I don't want to risk losing these shares. The way covered calls work is let's just say I'm going to take 300 shares of Broadcom and I'm willing to lose those shares. Here's a visual representation. So, this right here is the options chain for Broadcom and you can see that it's $313 per share. Now, I'm filming this on Monday. What's today's date? I don't know. Monday, April 6th. Now, you can see right here where it says 10, that is Friday, April 10th. That is when this chain that I'm going to sell expires. Now, remember that Broadcom is 313 per share currently. By April 10th, this Friday, I'm making a bet that it will not be above 315. Someone on the other side of this trade is betting that it will be over 315 by this Friday. They're saying to me essentially, I will give you $525 per contract, which represents 100 shares, for you to hold those shares for me. Now, on Friday, if Broadcom is 315 or over, bye-bye your shares, which means you could owe taxes and your upside is capped. For example, say Broadcom has really good news on Friday and the stock goes up to 350. You've agreed to part with your shares at 3:15. So, everything is a trade-off here. On the one hand, it might not go above 3:15, which means you keep your shares and you keep the premium. So, the way you sell it is you hit right here under the column that is stated up here under bid. Now, you can pick any strike price you want. That's the numbers in the middle. I like to go right out of the money. So, if it's 3:13, I go to the very next one. That means you can make the most amount of money, but you also run the risk of losing your shares. If you wanted to decrease the the likelihood of losing your shares, and when I say losing, you get your money. So, if you buy the shares at 3:13 and they're called away at 3:15, you get back the money you invested plus a little bit of profit because you bought it at 3:13 and you're selling it at 3:15 and the premium. Now, remember, I have lots of shares in lots of different companies. Each Skittle represents 100 shares. But, maybe I want to keep these over here for my retirement. Maybe I'm only willing to part with 300 shares of everything that I have in this one particular stock. When you go to sell an options contract, you can see that it automatically starts you at -10. Remember, negative is what you want. You are selling these. They're called selling covered calls. So, it's always going to show a negative. But, again, I'm not willing to part with all of my shares. I'm willing to only part with, let's say, 300, so I adjust it to say three. And there you can see that is the final order. It says on April 10th, this Friday, if Broadcom, which is currently 3:13, is over 3:15, my 300 shares will be assigned. However, I get to keep the premium and I get the money that I invested in the shares back. The premiums were jumping around because I'm filming this while the markets are open. But, if it was paying you 5:35 per contract and you were selling three contracts, you would make $1,600 this week. Now, if Broadcom closes below 3:15, I get to keep my 300 shares and and I can sell another contract next week. But if Broadcom skyrockets, my 300 shares, they're gone. But I still get to keep the premium. These are really good. I like Skittles.