I'm making about $1,200 a week trading options, but when it comes to trading options, you've got options. It's almost like it's in the name or something. Yeah, I know my air conditioner is really, really loud. Deal with it. Without the air conditioner, I'm just doing this like every 5 seconds. I'm swe Maybe I shouldn't show this. I stole it from my gym. Now, what I'm doing is I'm selling covered calls. If you're sitting there going, "Whoa, whoa, what is all of that?" In the playlist down below, or I'm going to show you somewhere else, you can go a little bit later on in the video. But you've got three options when it comes to your covered calls. Option one is you can let it expire. This is what I do. I'm doing this whole covered call strategy to make money to avoid having a nineto-ive job. Now, a lot of people hear me say that and they go, "Well, you should also be investing in the stock market." Yeah, I know. I'm also investing. Okay, this isn't stock market, day trading, swing trading, investing. It's not one or the other. You can do you can do both. Now, I let my options expire. This means that I am here to collect the premium. And if you don't know what any of this stuff means, and it all sounds like gibberish, really go watch the playlist and stick around because I'm going to give you a guide in a second that'll explain it all. But I'm here to collect the premium. So that means that I buy a stock at $20. As soon as I've purchased it, I sell a covered call with a strike price of 21. This will give me the largest chance of my shares being assigned, which means my shares are gone, but I get the highest premium and a little bit of profit, too. Right? I'm in at 20, I'm out at 21. There's some downsides with this as well, but we that's for a different video. Now, the thing here is they expire, you lose your shares, uh, or maybe you don't lose your shares, but you keep the premium. And the reason I like having my shares assigned is because it gives me flexibility for the following week. So my shares are gone. I get back the money that I put into the strategy, whether it's 5,000, 15,000, 10,000, and now I can the following week go, "All right, now what do I want to do this week?" But another really popular option here with options is to do something called buying back your options or rolling your options contract. Now, this typically you buy back the options contract if you really don't want to lose your shares. So, an example would be that you bought the stock at $10 a share. It's now $60 a share and you're selling options contracts. Now, you might go a little bit further out of the money here. You might say, "Well, it's 60 right now. I could sell 61 strike, but really high chance of losing my share. So, I'm going to sell 65 strike price." But what happens if something really crazy in the markets happen and that stock goes to $72 a share on Wednesday and your options expire on Friday? Maybe it pulls back in time, maybe it doesn't. You're sweating. Literally sweating. You're nervous. You're like, "Oh my god, I'm going to lose my shares. I bought them at 10. It's 72 now. I'm going to maybe owe taxes. I don't want to lose my shares." Then you can say, "Maybe I made a mistake. Maybe I got carried away with the strategy. Maybe this isn't for me. I'm going to take a loss on buying back the options, but I'm going to get to keep my shares." Now, the part two to this is rolling the option. So, part one of rolling your option is to buy it back. And the other is to sell a uh a covered call with a further down the road strike price and expiration. So, instead of this Friday, you go, "Oh, wait. I'm going to roll my option to the following Friday." Now, you might do this if you notice that the premiums a couple weeks out are really high. Maybe there's earnings or some news or a rumor or something like that. and you say, "Well, I'm gonna take a small loss now for a much larger premium down the road." And this offsets your your loss, right? So, yes, you'll take a loss buying it back, but you'll sell a covered call with a higher premium that will offset that loss. And option number three is to sell something called deep out of the money covered calls. This is if you want to make a little bit of money on the shares that you own, but you're anxious about losing them. Um, so it's similar to a scenario like this where uh-oh, you're you're going to be assigned you're going to lose your shares and you might not want to lose your shares. Then the option for you here would be a deep out of the money. So maybe you buy the stock at $20, but you are a long-term bullish investor. And ideally, you don't want to lose the shares, but you still want to make a little bit of money off of the options premium. So maybe you sell, for example, a 27. And I know this looks like 17, but I really I swear it's 27. Maybe you're in a at $20 and you sell with a strike price of 27. This means that you're much less likely to be assigned, but the premium is going to be a lot less. And by the way, I said much less. Things can happen. The food the the food the stock might skyrocket. Maybe I'm hungry. the stock might skyrocket and you might find yourself in a situation where you got to buy back or roll the options contract. Hope that helps. Oh, wait. I said I was going to show you something at the end of the video and then I forgot. If you want to learn more about options and covered calls, please just go right here. Most content creators have a website. Uh, but on their websites, usually when you go on, a little thing pops up that says, "Hey, give me your email and I'll write you updates down the road." But usually the real reason that they want your email is so they can sell you stuff. You'll notice if you go to my website, there's no email sign up. I'm not collecting your emails. There's no PayPal. There's no Venmo. There's no Patreon. Everything is free. All you have to do is go right here, click on the menu that's right here, click on this covered calls explained, and this guide has links and stuff here. But this guide is a unit. Look at how long this thing is. Look at how detailed all of this stuff is. And it's all