This is part 21 of my weekly series where I show you how much money I made selling options. Now, I know last week I said I was done making this series. I said everything I had to say, but enough of you wrote and left comments said, "Please don't end this series. I'm learning so much that I am going to listen to you and I'm going to continue making this series." And it just so happens that actually there's a lot to talk about this week. Last week was a huge week in the stock market. Lots and lots of bigname companies reported earnings along with Jerome Powell last Wednesday making the Federal Reserve announcement regarding the interest rates. So it was a really really volatile week. And this is one of those hindsight weeks where you know a lot of people go well hindsight isn't that nice. But there's actually something you can learn from hindsight which is hey maybe next time we have a humongous earnings week. Oh wait tomorrow no wait a minute Monday. Monday is going to be the big earnings week. All of these companies are reporting earnings on Monday. Hm. Maybe I want to sit out some of this volatility and not make any trades. Now, it just so happens that I'm in a lot of these trades already, so I will continue to um sell covered calls this week. And some of these companies are actually reporting earnings this week. Hims and Hers reports on Monday and DWave or QBTS reports on Thursday. And I'm in these companies. All right. So, here's the week. Obviously, this series is centered around him and hers stock. Uh, not a great week. I purchased the stock a few weeks ago now at $58. It is currently around 46 or 47. I can look, man. It closed at 4546 and I'm in at 58. Now, this is when we talk about, you know, a lot of people look at covered calls and they go, "Oh, it's risk-free as long as you don't mind holding these companies." But sometimes you end up stuck. I mean, look, I have $23,423 sitting in a position at $58 that I cannot sell covered calls on because it is so far down now that I'm just sitting and waiting for the stock to come back. Now, maybe their earnings on Monday are good. That would be great. The stock would go up. Maybe it's bad. And this stock goes to 32 bucks. Then what do I do, right? I'm in big trouble. Well, I'm not. I have a lot of money. I'll be okay. But you get the idea. So, let's go over the rest of the positions. Soundhound expires on November 11th. So, this trade is still active, giving me until next Friday. Uh, I made $586. QuantumCape had a strike price of $17. It closed at $1844. So, these shares were assigned, which is great because I get back my $5,000. My strike price on D-Wave is $40. It is currently $376, but this contract also expires on November 7th. And they have earnings on Friday on Thursday. So, it's getting very close. This stock could skyrocket on Friday, and then that would be great. I would get back my $7,800, or maybe it drops some bad earnings. Oh, by the way, I'm supposed to be telling you what I made. I made $37 on QuantumCape. I made $454 on D-Wave. [snorts] And I have Oscar Health, which closed at $18 even. My strike price was $21.50. So, I continue to hold these 300 shares. I made 400 bucks and I can sell some covered calls on Monday as well. Um, but it is $18 with a strike price of 2150 means the premium is going to be very small on Monday. I still might do it or I might wait until Tuesday or Wednesday and see if the stock recovers a little bit at which point I could sell a covered call for uh that expires on the 7th or the following week out. This is another guy that got hit really really hard. But I think they also reported earnings and I think uh yeah they reported earnings as well. The stock took a beating. I'm in at $36. It is currently $30.51. So I made 528 bucks on the covered call, but I'm sitting on a big loss here as well. Midweek I bought SoFi with a Friday expiration. I made um $370. These shares were also assigned. So, so far only these two positions, QuantumCape and SoFi, they got assigned. Everything else is still, you know, I still have it in my portfolio. Uh, SoFi closed at $2968. Finally, I sold my 2015 Dodge Challenger to Carvana. They paid me around $12,000 even though I was trying to sell it privately for $14,000. Now, you might have said, "Hey, you should have just waited a couple more weeks. Someone would have bought it from you." But I can take my money and make more money. So, here's what I decided to do. And this also backfired. I used that basically $12,000 plus I put in another thousand of my own money to buy 100 shares of ELF. I made $252. The problem is ELF dropped really, really hard. I bought it at 131. It is 122 now. So, another position that I'm sitting on a loss is ELF. So, not a great week. A lot of stocks, HIMS, Nphase, ELF, all went down. the others, Oscar Health, D-Wave, Soundhound, they're still in my portfolio. The Soundhound one is still active. Uh, but, you know, I'm going to be able to make some new trades on Monday, but they'll be probably smaller. The only two trades I made this week were QuantumCape and ELF. Everything else was already in my portfolio, so I only spent $18,200 this week, but to be able to make these trades, I put in a total of $55,325. I made $2,127 or 3.8%.