I spent $64,881 today. What do you think I bought? Leave a guess while I keep rambling in the comments. You think I got a new car, couple new fancy watches? What else can you get for $64,000? Couple acres of land out in the country. You think I redid my kitchen or my bathroom or something like that? What do you think I spent my $64,881? I'm looking at my dry erase board. Almost 65 grand in one day. in half an hour. What did I buy? I used my almost $65,000 to make $2,600 or 4% on my money. And I'm going to show you just what I did. I sell covered calls for weekly income. And these were just some of the well actually not some of these were all of the trades I made this week. And you can see it right there. Total cost almost 65,000 bucks, but I made $2,600. I work one solid half hour every week. outside of social media and making these videos on TikTok, which of course is is really just for fun. I don't make money doing this outside of like the creator fund and the very rare brand deal. My income comes from trading. So, let me show you how to do it really, really quickly. First of all, to sell covered calls, you need a minimum of 100 shares. And that's because one contract equals 100 shares. So, people see this and they go, "Well, I don't have 23,000. I don't have 8,000. I don't have 6,500." You don't need all of that money. This is just what I do. Okay. So, I'm not going to buy anything in real time because I've already purchased everything I want for the week, but we're just going to do a walkthrough. People always ask me how I find the stocks to sell these covered calls on. And one of the easier ways is to go on a website like CNBC and just look at their most volatile stocks for the day. So, if you're on the CNBC website, you scroll down here and you'll find stuff like this. Market movers. Uh, hello. Why isn't it going? top, bottom, most active, unusual volume. So, I'm going to use Snapchat as an example instead of stuff like these because these are very expensive per share. All right, so this is my brokerage through Charles Schwab. It's called Think or Swim. This is the trading software. You would click right here on the price right there. You would hit buy and you would order 100 shares. And it would just look like this. You know, do you want to buy 100 shares? It's $8.40. You hit confirm and send. A little thing pops up here saying, "Are you sure?" You hit yes. It goes through. Now you've purchased 100 shares of Snapchat stock. Up next, you have to sell a covered call. You will go here to the trade tab right there. Now, I like to do weekly uh for weekly income. You do whatever you want. You can see there's a ton of options down here, but I like weekly. This expires on Friday. So, here it is. It's $839 per share. I will go to the one that stock market's closed. I will go to the one that's $8.50. And you can see here that I'm going to get $19 for every 100 shares that I have. Now, all you do, you see this tab up here where it says bid and ask. You are going to click under the bid column to sell one covered call. So, it opens up here and you'll go right here to this 10 and drop it all the way down to one because you are selling one covered call. One covered call equals 100 shares. You go over here to confirm and send. A little window will pop up here saying you are going to be making $19. Are you sure you want to go through with this? You hit confirm and your order goes through. I'm just going to use my eraser here to cover up all the stuff I don't want you to see, but you can see it right there. It says $19. And then at the bottom of the screen, it'll say confirm and send. So, you know that you've made $19 and you know that you spent $839. This is your percentage gain. So, you can multiply it by 100 if you want to. You don't really have to, but you have made 2.26% on your money on 100 shares. There's a lot more that goes into this obviously and Snapchat might be a terrible choice. I was just using it as an example because people always say, "Well, I can't afford these more expensive ones. Snapchat's $8.40." Still is a lot of money. It's still $840, but it's a lot cheaper than say $23,000. If you want to learn more about this, just go here. So, all you have to do is go right here, click on the menu, which is right here, and find this covered call guide. By the way, everything here is 100% free. There's no email sign up or anything. This guide has links to both of my series on covered calls, not just on Tik Tok, but on YouTube as well. It explains it. It explains how I find them. It explains everything and it's all free. Okay, sorry. It's a couple days later. I shaved. I'm wearing a different shirt. Uh, I just have a quick policy that I noticed I left out when I was editing the video, and that is if you're not following me and you leave a comment below or you DM me, I'm not going to respond. It's just a little way I set some boundaries because a lot of people like to take a lot of advantage.