How much money can you make on stocks that are under $10 when it comes to selling covered calls for income? Now, typically penny stocks, which is anything $5 and under, don't always have options chains. It's just uh there's too much risk involved or there's not enough demand for them to have options uh chains available. So, you're going to have a little bit of a harder time. Also, stocks that are around $10 or or under uh usually are higher risk investments, which means even if you are able to find some with higher premiums, you're also taking on higher risk because you might buy a 100 shares of a $10 stock, cost you $1,000, but that stock could drop 25% in a week on hype or bad earnings or or misleading news or rumors or whatever. And then you're stuck. You make a little bit on the premium, but then you're stuck sitting on a really big loss because these stocks can be more risky. But let me show you how to find some on stocks under 10 bucks. I like to use something called a stock screener. This is just the method that works best for me. There are other screeners available. I like to do it this way. If someone is reading this or watching this video going, "Oh, well, why don't you do it? Why don't you make a video and you explain how you like to do it? This is how I like to do it." So, if you go on Charles Schwab and you click research and then stocks, there will be an option on the screen for screeners. Um, this is my screener and I'll show you all of the things that I searched for. So, um, under basic, I did sector and industry and I chose just information technology cuz tech usually is a little bit more volatile. Then I hit price. You were asking for stuff under $10, so I hit 0 to $10. I also chose optionable stocks and short interest. Optionable uh because some stocks don't offer options and short interest a little bit risky because you're betting against, you know, the these are stocks that are heavily shorted, but I chose 10 to 20% and 20 to 30%. Obviously, 30% short is super risky. Wall Street, the analysts, they're betting that the stock is going to go lower. Finally, I went down to price performance and I clicked on beta or beta. Beta beta. Jeez, long day. Um, beta stocks are highly volatile. Anything more than one is more volatile than the overall markets. So, I just did one to two and you can see that it whittleles this list down from 822. The more criteria that you add, the fewer stocks you get. And now we have eight companies we can look at. And these are them. Now, usually what I do is I go through and I go, do I recognize any companies here? Because a lot of these could be like super high risk penny stocks, ultra high risk, you know. Uh look at this one for example. Um LPSN. It is 99. Uh I don't know about that one. That one seems a little bit high risk for me. Um but Xerox, that's a name I know. It's $5.7 per share. So let's just go take a look at their options contract. So this is the chart for Xerox. And you can see that it's had a pretty rough couple of days here. It's just been in a downtrend. But look at this. It breaks out to the upside. a little bit of strong volume. Maybe there's something here. So now I'm going to go to the trade tab and it's going to show us all the options. By the way, this is called Think or Swim from Charles Schwab. I like to go weekly, but sometimes high-risk stocks don't offer weekly contracts. Case in point, Xerox only has monthly contracts, but it's 524 per share. So a 100 shares is $5, $524. And if we're strictly here to make income, I would go to the nearest one from the current price. So the strike price here of $6 will make you $15 per contract. So we make 15. It costs us $524 uh time 100. You would be making 2.8% on this trade. Now, the risk here is that these are nearly penny stocks. So, if by August 15th, Xerox is $6 or above, your shares are gone. They'll be assigned. So, if if Xerox by some miracle is $11, well, you've agreed to sell your shares at six bucks. So, you're going to your upside is capped, which is what people always say is a downside with the strategy is, you know, your your upside, how much you can make is capped. You're going to make $15 per contract. you're buying it at 524, you're selling it at $6. So, you'll make a little bit of profit on that difference as well. And the other humongous risk is that Xerox actually tumbles and it goes to, you know, $2 a share. So, you you make 15 bucks on your $524 investment, but you could lose 23 $400 if the stock absolutely tumbles. And briefly, I'll just walk you through it. So, first you would go here and you would hit buy. Now, it opens up down here. It's showing you you are going to buy 100 shares. You would hit confirm and send. As soon as your order goes through, you would then go to the bid column here and you would click on it. And you can see how it's red. It's red because you're selling. Now, it's going to start you off at 10. You don't have 10. You have Whoops. You have one. You have 100 shares. So, you would then go and hit confirm and send again, thus selling one covered call. But with highly volatile, highly speculative stocks in general, this is a risky strategy.