You can make thousands of dollars per week selling covered calls for passive income like I do, but the number one question that I always get asked is, "Yeah, but how do you find these companies in the first place?" Now, honest truth, I've been investing for over 26 years. After a while, you just kind of you just kind of instinctively get it. You just know. For example, if someone said to me, "Do you think Broadcom pays a high premium?" I would say, "Yes." Do you think that Coca-Cola pays a high premium? No, because Coca-Cola is really large, it's not volatile. In other words, the more volatile and the more hype around the stock, the higher the premiums. Coca-Cola just doesn't have that. Premiums are low. Now, I'm going to show you my favorite strategy for finding these companies in the first place. The more volatile the stock, the higher the premiums could be. But, when you go to the big-name stuff like the Magnificent Seven, the Googles, the Nvidias, the Apples, the Metas, those are all fairly expensive per share. So, what I was going to do was I went on Seeking Alpha, I typed in mid-cap growth, and it gives me a list of mid-cap growth ETFs. But, I don't want ETFs. I want individual This is part of the strategy. Here we have a random mid-cap ETF. Now, right here on holdings, we are going to cherry-pick their list of top 10 holdings and research every single one of them, not in this video cuz it would be 10 hours long, until we find one that is affordable per share and has a high premium, but not too high. We can see right here at the top of the list, Casey's General Store is number one on the list. Now, I've never heard of this company. It is expensive. And remember, in order to do this covered call strategy, you need 100 shares because every contract that you sell represents 100 shares. So, if you have 10 shares, can't do it. 100 shares is going to cost you almost $74,000, but it's just for educational purposes, so let's keep rolling with this example. This is Casey's options chain. I like to go to a strike price that's right out of the money for the highest premium possible. That's 740. That is a strike price of 740. It expires on Friday, April 17th, and it pays $8.10 per contract, which represents 100 shares, so it really pays $810. Now, is that a good premium? Is it high-risk premium? Here's how you do that math. You take the premium, which is $8.10, and you divide it by the current price per share, which is 738. You get this number, 0.0109, multiply by 100, and you earn 1%. Now, I went through this ETF's top 10 holdings, and just like Casey's General Store, they're all fairly expensive per share. So, all you would have to do is go back to the list of ETFs and go through each one of these and do the same thing over and over. Yes, there's a lot of work involved here. Now, there's no such thing as a safe return, but there are safer returns and higher-risk returns. This is a little breakdown. Casey's was just slightly over 1%, which puts it in that normal range. Anything over 3% is considered high-risk, where something unusual is going on with that company. Like, for example, earnings could be coming out. A lot of people correctly point out that stocks like this are very out of range for normal retail investors or traders. Not a lot of people can afford to drop almost $74,000 to make $810 in a week. I'm going to use Rivian as an example. 100 shares cost you just a little bit more than $1,500. Still expensive, but not nearly as expensive as $74,000. Going to the strike price of 1550 earns you $43 per contract. Now, if you were to do this every single week, you would make around $172 per month in passive income on Rivian. But, look at that return. It's almost 3%. It puts you right in that range of aggressive to high-risk. Anyway, that is one strategy that you can use to cherry-pick an ETF's top 10 holdings and then do some research to find stocks to sell covered calls on. Hope that helped. See you later.