I make about $600 a week selling covered calls for income. But the number one question I always get is how do you find volatile stocks? Well, I use a couple of methods. First of all, I've just been investing for 20 years and over time you tend to know what stocks or at least what sectors are a little bit more volatile and what are not. Like for example, I know that HIMS is going to have high premiums right now because it's in the news. It's trending. There's good news. There's bad news. and those premiums are going to be higher because the volatility is higher. Whereas, I know something like Coca-Cola, for example, is kind of slow and steady. So, the premiums aren't going to be high. Coca-Cola, not a volatile stock. And poor Robin, she's so bored. She hates covered calls. But there are also screeners you can use. Now, I'm going to use Charles Schwab, and I'm going to show you how I do it. These screeners are universal. So, every major brokerage is going to have one. It might be a little bit different, but you can figure it out. And also remember that this is a very risky strategy. If you buy shares of a highly volatile company and then you sell a covered call and the stock plummets, you could have to buy back the options at a huge loss and then sell the stock at a huge loss or you're stuck holding the shares. If you don't do that, then you have to wait for the shares to come back up and the premiums are going to be a lot less from where you purchase it to where it fell to where you're now selling these calls. It's a little complicated. So there are going to be some companies that you might not want to do this strategy on. It might be too risky for you. For example, here we have Big Bear, Artificial Intelligence, Archer Aviation, and Joby. High premiums, extremely high risk. If you have a Charles Schwab account, all you got to do is hit research and go down to stocks, and it will take you here to this stock screeners page. There's other things like lists and compare, but we want the screener. and then you're going to fill in some criteria. Now, there's going to be a lot of stocks here, so we need to whittle this list down a little bit. First thing we're going to do is we're going to click on sectors and industries. Now, we're looking at this list here, and I can kind of tell you that consumer staples might be kind of slow and steady. Energy might be a little bit volatile. Healthcare might be a little bit volatile, but today we're just going to click on information technology. And then we're going to click on price right here. Let's just focus on stocks that are 20 to $40 and 40 to 60. This list started at 1,200 and we're already down to 158. Now, we're going to hit optionable, which drops that number to nothing. It's still 158. We can search by high short interest, but this is extremely risky. It would be showing you stocks that are being shorted very heavily, 20 to 30% or 30 to 40 or more than 40. Highly shorted stocks could be very volatile because if there's a short squeeze, the stocks could skyrocket and the premiums might be a little bit higher. Let's just see. So, we're at 158. Let's just hit the 10 to 20%. And it drops it to 13 companies. Also going to be looking for something called beta, which is under the price performance tab. Beta just shows the volatility of the stock compared to the overall markets. So, higher the beta, higher the volatility, maybe higher premiums. So, we're going to go do one to two and two. And look, now we have nine companies. And these are the nine companies. I already recognize Super Micro. They're going to have high ones. I've been selling covered calls on Nphase AI, of course, very trendy right now. So, ion Q, anything in that space is going to be volatile and might pay higher premiums. You can see that it's 8:19 in the morning. So, markets are not open yet. So, these numbers are not going to be totally accurate. But here we have Super Micro Computers Options Chain. I go weekly. So, today's the 14th. This is going to be Friday. It's going to expire on Friday. You need 100 shares to do this. it's going to cost you just under $5,000. And if you go a little bit out of the money, so it's $49.24. So if we go to 49.5, we could make for some reason it's not showing. But the next one down is showing $1.20. So we could make around I'm going to guess $130 to $140 if we just go a little bit out of the money. Or if we go to $50, $120 per contract. And that's just one of many ways that you can go about finding stocks that are highly volatile. Sometimes even just reading the news, looking at the headlines. If every article that you're seeing is about artificial intelligence, artificial intelligence, artificial intelligence, or cyber security, cyber security, cyber security, maybe you want to look there. Just pull up the options and look. Very easy to do.