This is part 15 of my weekly series where I show you if I can make $180 a week selling covered calls on HIMS stock. This series has dramatically expanded since then, though. Take a look. By the way, the point of this series isn't to brag. Haha, I have more money than you. It's to show you that with every price point, there is an option where you can generate passive income. This has been my most lucrative week income-wise, not percentage- wise. I've had higher percentages, but the income was the largest it's been. And a lot of these stocks in my portfolio, I've held for weeks, if not over a month, and they've been losers, and I've just been waiting on them patiently to come back so I can sell them, sell covered calls, and generate some income. So, let's take a look here. Joby, I made $163 open. I made $18. I rolled this from two weeks ago. This was a huge oops. We'll talk about it in a second. End phase. Um, I also rolled in the middle of last week. So, I'm counting the income one of two ways. Either it was last week's income or two weeks ago, or it was this past week's income. Um, QuantumCape all the way down at the bottom rocketed on Monday. It went from like $7 to $10. I pounced on that opportunity not to sell it, but to sell a covered call to bring in uh how much? $166. Um, D-Wave, I made uh $93. Not very much, but it had been down for a while. I Ren was a new position. I made $154 and hims, the big one, I made $745 on covered calls on one position and another $153 on another position in my portfolio. One question that I always get asked is, "How come you make so much? Most options traders make 1% per week, but you're doing three, sometimes 5%. How is that possible?" And the way that that is possible is that I'm an idiot. And a lot of these stocks are ultra high risk. You might have heard of some term in options called implied volatility. What is implied volatility? It's a measurement of how much the stock market thinks that stock is going to move in any set period of time. I'm trading weekly. The higher the implied volatility, it is a percentage. Let me show you. This is uh QBTS. This is D-Wave. And you go right here. You see where it says implied volatility? Look at these percentages. 88 88. These are very high percentages because Wall Street is expecting big sudden moves in these stocks and as a result the premiums are going to be a lot higher but they're also very risky. Now let's look at something like Coca-Cola. The implied volatility is 12% because Wall Street isn't really expecting dramatic moves. Think of implied volatility like a 20-year-old gets a Ferrari and a 60-year-old gets a Toyota and they both go to their insurance company and they say, "I need insurance." The insurance company is going to go, "Wow, that 20-year-old's going to be speeding all over the place. Give him a higher premium because he's too risky. It's too risky." And the old guy, well, he's safe. He's responsible. Lower premium. He's probably going to not be too reckless. Not this past week, the the 8th to the 12th, but the week prior, I rolled end phase and open to expire this Friday. So, I'm counting the income one of two ways. one without it where I made $1,400 and one counting it where I made $1,700 on Thursday morning. So, a day before expiration, my open shares got assigned early because open went from $5 to $10 and whoever bought that call wanted to probably sell those shares and take that really big profit. Now, you might say, "Aren't you mad that you didn't trade the stock that week because you only made $100. You could have made $2,500 if you had just held the stock and traded it that week." Of course, you're going to be annoyed, but remember, your goal isn't to make all the money, just some of it. You will drive yourself crazy looking back at one week and going, "Okay, well, it went from 5 to 10 this week, so next week I'm going to trade it. Next week, it might not. Next week, it might trade sideways. Next week, you might make more money from the options premium. You never know until the trade has happened. Don't drive yourself nuts." Hims is another one. It went from $40 to $55 in under a week. That is a 37% gain in a very short period of time. Do you think it's going to do that every week? If it did, and I knew it would, I would be trading the stock every week. But since I don't know that, some weeks you'll look back and go, "Oh, I would have made more trading." Some weeks you look back and you go, "Oh, I would have made more selling the calls." One quick note, if you're following and you ask a question, I will respond. And if you're not following me and you ask a question, I will not respond. This is just one way that I set up some boundaries and try to prevent some advantage taking.