15 years ago, I was working the front desk at a gym. I was making, I think, 9.25 an hour. And I had to fight for that cuz the minimum wage at the time was like 8.25. And after 5 years of working there, I went to them and I said, "Hey, come on, bump me up to 1025. Give me a little raise. I've been here. I'm loyal. I'm hardworking. I love this gym. I love the members. I do a good job. Everyone else who you're getting for 825 isn't isn't it worth an extra dollar?" And they were like, "No, but you can do membership sales. You can be a salesperson." So I looked to the sales guys. Are you happy here? Do you like your job? Is it fulfilling? No. No. No. I hate it. I'm miserable. I get yelled at. I get insulted on the daily. Why aren't you selling enough? It's not enough. It's not enough. We need more sales. More sales. And I was like, man, I don't I don't know if I want to do this, but I don't know what I want to do with my life. I wanted to be a professional wrestler. This was me when I was 18. And I was like, all right, what am I going to do? I don't know. What am I interested in? I don't know. What do I want to be when I grow up? I don't know. But there were some guys at the gym who were very interested in day trading. And I was like, "Huh, I have a lot of money because prior to working at the gym, I worked in the restaurant industry, double shifts. I had a lot of money. I was living at home. So, all that money went into savings." So, I had a lot of money saved up. And I just didn't know what to do with it. And I was like, "Wait a minute. I could trade stocks and be day trader." So, I listened to these people who were idiots and I was an idiot for listening to them. But I thought, you know, if I can figure this out, I can make money and that can be what I do. And then I can have freedom. Of course, there are trade-offs as with like anything in life. Like, you don't have stable income when you're day trading. But I figured, well, I'm a minimalist. I live below my means and I budget and I'm good with my money. So, I can have good months that carry me through the bad months. I can make this work. But there was no community. there was no social media like like this that existed back then. Um so when I figured it out and I taught myself how to do everything. Uh I thought, you know, I should give back. I should be on social media making videos because there there wasn't anyone like me when I first started and I want to be that for someone else. Um and I was also fueled by, you know, social media was very heavy on courses, on get-richqu schemes. I didn't want to be that guy always selling selling selling. So anyway, I kept trading. I was trading stocks full-time and I was making, you know, hundreds of videos uh per year to the point of like thousands of videos and I was tired. I was burnt out from doing both. And I thought, man, I want to lean more into the social media thing. I'm having fun. I never wanted to be an influencer or content creator. I never thought about, oh, how can I monetize my following? That was never my goal. But I was having fun doing it and I was helping people and I wanted to keep doing it, but I was distracted with the trading. So, I said, you know what? I'm going to I got enough money saved up that I'm going to try to give it two years to see if I can make something from a content creating uh job career without having to sell a course or guides or templates or one-on- ons which meant that the majority of my money was either going to have to come through Tik Tok and YouTube and AdSense and the creator fund or I was going to take on brand deals. But I was very strict about the brand deals that I wanted to do. I don't do a lot of brand deals. my views weren't high enough to make me money through the creator fund. Um, brand deals were very inconsistent. They would be great. They would be terrible. And I was like, "All right, I don't I don't know what to do here now. I'm going to have to go back to trading for income and I'm going to have to maybe make fewer videos here on TikTok, which was kind of a bummer to me because I like doing this." But the creators who were going viral were the ones selling these schemes, these get rich quick uh thing, you know, the Lambos, the Rolexes, their courses were $499. And that's not me. And then I remember the story that Arnold Schwarzenegger once told of how he made his money, right? So he made his money in bodybuilding and through private coaching before he got into the movie business. And what he did with the money from all of that was he bought income properties. And those income properties gave him freedom to choose the movies he wanted to do. He wasn't beholden to Hollywood or money. He could just say, "This one doesn't appeal to me. That one does." Or, "Oh, there's no movies right now. No worries. I've got my income properties. I can go to the gym. I can keep busy." And not have to do something. He could do something cuz he wanted to. Imagine if he had to take every single gig that came his way. Even if he didn't want to do it, he might have been doing something else when the offer for Terminator came along or Predator and he might have missed those roles. See, Arnold had income, therefore he had options. So, I'm thinking now over the last like couple of months, what can I do? So, I don't have to sell something. I don't have to do brand deals and I can continue being on social media. And for me, that came in the form of something that I'd never traded before, which were covered calls or or options. And I never traded options before because frankly, I got into day trading and swing trading stocks. I got comfortable with it. I'm good at it. I liked it. I didn't I just was like, well, there's no need to learn how to do something else. If people here ask me, could you teach me options? No. Go follow that guy. Go look at something else. I'm not that guy. I do what I do. I do it well. this is what I do. So, I never really took the time to learn about it until I started seeing all these videos on social media saying you can make $1,000 a week selling covered calls, which is a halftruth because yes, you can, but it requires a lot of capital. We're talking about, you know, in these examples of $900 a week, it's usually coming from Tesla covered calls. Well, a 100 shares of Tesla is around $30,000. And most retail, most average Americans don't have that. So, I said, "All right, I'm going to make some videos with some more affordable. They're still expensive, you know, $5,000, but more affordable options to show you that you can still make something. It might not be $900 a week, but maybe $100, maybe $200 a week, which can really help you build an investing portfolio or cut down on some of your expenses." And then I realized something. These covered calls are like a money hack. I was telling my girlfriend about it and she was like, "Why haven't you done this sooner? I'm making right now about $600 a week a week just sitting in my pajamas while I'm sitting in my Metallica shirt right now. And of course, yeah, there are trade-offs with covered calls and there are risks with covered calls and these are not my long-term investments. Those are separate. This is strictly for income. So if the stock skyrockets, what I always say, I'm not here to make all the money, just some of it. I don't care if it goes up a lot and oh, I missed out if I could have had another dollar in profit if I just trade. This is easy. This is easy. There's not a lot of stress. I'm not combing over technical analysis and charts and trying to find the next stock to trade. I just have a good solid portfolio of stocks that I can sell covered calls on and make pretty consistent income, which frees me up to remain on TikTok doing this without having to sell anything or take brand deals. And by the way, I'll take a brand deal if it's a company that I really want to work for. Um, but I'm very very strict about who I agree to work for. So, right now, between the creator fund, occasional brand deals, and covered calls, here's the key word here. I have enough. Enough. I don't need more, more, more. I just need enough to be comfortable. I have total freedom. I'm not beholden to anyone. This is like Arnold with his apartments and his income properties. This is my version of that. I can do what I want. I can make 20 videos one week. I can take three weeks off if I want. I'm not beholden to anyone. You can have this too.