I made $1,200 while I was on vacation in Amsterdam, and I'm going to show you how I did it trading options. This is video number 16 of my weekly series where I show you how much money I make trading covered calls. Now, the series started off with the challenge of can I make $180 a week on covered calls on HIMS stock. It's since grown, so take a look. Like I said, we were on vacation in Amsterdam. So this was an interesting week partially because I didn't want to take any higher risk trades or new higher risk trades. So these were high conviction uh investments that were already in my portfolio. The first one was HIMS. It got assigned but I made $61. It closed at $57.82 on Friday. So these shares are gone. Nphase is also gone. I think it closed at a little bit of a higher price. to close at $3842 and the strike price was uh 38 and 37.50. These are two separate positions because I bought more shares Monday morning before we left because I noticed that the premiums were very lucrative. So, I had this position already and then I bought this position and that was basically it for the trip. However, something interesting happened on Wednesday. QuantumCape finally started to move. Now, this is a position that has been a loser in my portfolio for months. You remember I bought it at $147 months ago and then it dumped. And I said, "Look, I don't really need this $5,700. So, I'm going to sit on it and and wait for the stock to come back up and one of two things will happen. Either it climbs high enough where I say I can break even, sell the stock, get my money back, or I can sell some covered calls. Wednesday afternoon, Amsterdam time, we go to the Rice Museum. We're looking at some artwork. Maybe you recognize this. If you don't, maybe you recognize the guy who painted it. Anyway, some people took a little break. Some people went to the bathroom. I sat down. I pulled out my phone and I said, "Hey, it's like 9:30, 10 in the morning, US time. Let me just check the stock market since I got a couple minutes to kill." And I noticed that QuantumCape, it was Wednesday, was climbing much higher. It was like 10:45. I bought at 11:47. So, I said, "Let me check the premiums." And while I was on vacation in the middle of a museum in Amsterdam on vacation, I was able to sell five contracts on QuantumCape to make another $166 or 2.9%. And finally, because QuantumCape closed at 134 the 1342, these shares were finally assigned. Now, I know what you're thinking. Dude, you bought it at 1147, it closed at 1342. You only made 166. You should have just held the stock. you would have made more. But remember what I always say in the series, your goal isn't to make all of the money, just some of it. I already had a lot of these positions in my portfolio. The only new position this week was this position in Nphase. So the total cost, even though I didn't spend $37,000 this week, the total cost to accumulate all these shares was $37,369, I made two uh $1,211 or 3.2%. 2%.