This is part five of my series where I'm trying to make $180 per week selling covered calls on HIM's stock. Now, if you remember from earlier on in the series, or the last video that I posted, which you can find down here, my shares got called away again, which means that this morning, which is Monday, June 30th, I had to buy them back again. Let's take a look. So, I bought 100 shares of him at 50 bucks. $50 one, but really, let's just, you know, it's $50. And as soon as I got it, I sold one covered call. You need 100 shares to sell one covered call that expires on July 3rd because Friday, July 4th is a holiday markets are closed and the strike price that I chose was $50, which means that on July 3rd, if HIMS is trading at $50 or more, my shares are gone. So, I'm basically going to basically break even on the trade itself. But the premium was very high. The next uh down, so the $51 strike price. Let me show you what a strike price is. So, okay, first of all, it is almost uh 4:00, so the markets are almost closed at this point. But let's say HIMS was just $49 even right now, and I went $1 out of the money, that would be $50. And this is how much I would make. So, for every dollar that you go further down, if it's 49 and you do 50 or a dollar out of the money, $2 out of the money, you get the idea. If on July 3rd, HIMS closes at $50 or more, my shares are gone, but I keep this $24 premium. However, if HIMS closes at $49.99, I get to keep my shares, but I also get to still keep the premium. However, there is a plot twist this week. I bought another company called NPhase, and I'm doing the same thing. When I was doing my research for this series, I noticed that Nphase was relatively affordable for 100 shares and had really high premiums. Uh so on Friday I bought 100 shares. Now since it was almost the end of the week, it didn't make sense to sell a covered call for that same day. So I went one week out, which was July 3rd, which will be Thursday. And my goal with this series isn't to make money from trading the stock itself. It is to make money from the higher premiums. So I sold a strike price at 4150, which is very close to where I purchased these shares. So, if my shares are assigned, I'm not really going to make a lot of money from the sale of the stock, but I will make $193 from the premium. Today, on June 30th, I bought another 100 shares at $38.66 cuz the stock price had dropped and immediately sold another covered call with a $39 strike price and I made another $144. So, on the premiums alone for these two covered calls, I made $337. Now, if the shares are assigned, you can see I've done the math here below. I'll make about $33 and $34 in profit. Uh, and I will still get to keep the premiums. So, I lose the shares. I make a little profit on each. I will make around $44 on the third. If both of these stocks are assigned and I lose the shares, that would mean that this position would have to close uh above 4150 and this position would have to close at above 39. Now, maybe the $39 position gets assigned, but the $41.50 position does not get assigned, in which case I would make a little bit more on this one and a little bit less on that one. Either way, I get to keep the premiums from both. So, I might end up making $371 instead of $44 if this one is assigned and this one isn't. But whether the shares get assigned or not, either way with HIMS and the two positions on NPhphase, I've already made $540 this week with this strategy. That is $540 in one week from just sitting around. That's my groceries. It's my condo fees. It's my homeowner's insurance. So, make sure you smash that follow and follow this playlist down here because every Monday and Friday I will be updating the series to let you know what happened and what I'm going to do the following