Let's talk about some of the risks when it comes to cash secured puts. Now, if you know me, you know I'm a big big believer in not trading into earnings. I traded into earnings this week, selling some cash secured puts, and it didn't go my way. Now, I'm going to talk about some of the things you can do here if you find yourself in a situation like this. Normally, I would just say sit it out. Don't mess with earnings. Too volatile, too risky. Now, if you've been following my weekly series, you know that my goal started on, "Can I make $180 a week selling covered calls on him stock?" A lot of people have been saying, "Why don't you do the wheel? Why don't you do the wheel? You should show cash secured puts." And I felt like an opportunity had presented itself for me to finally do it. That is in relation to where is it? Hims. So this week on Monday on the 4th I sold three cash secured puts. This means that I am on the line to buy this stock at whatever strike price I choose. Now at the time I did this was into earnings was around $64 a share. And I said man I'm expecting the earnings are going to be bad. I would like to buy HIMS at a discount. It's currently around 64. I'm willing to buy it at 57. So, I sold the strike price at 57 thinking, you know, if it's bad earnings, the stock could drop, you know, 10 12%. And in the meantime, I'm going to make $814 and I need to keep $17,100, this is key, $17,100 in cash in my account because on Friday, on the day of the expiration, August 8th, if HIMS is 57 or below, I'm required to buy it. Here's the catch. I'm required to buy it at 57 even if it's say 53 or 51 or 49. And that is one of the huge risks of trading into earnings. A risk that I was willing to take. Now, at the time of me filming this video, it is Wednesday, August 6th at around $225. And you can see that HIMS is currently $51 per share. Uhoh. Now, option one on what to do if this happens to you is just not be an idiot and don't trade into earnings like I did. Option two is you can buy back the options contract and then purchase the shares at $50. I'm required to buy them at 57. So, can I buy back the options contract which would take on a humongous loss and then buy the shares at the lower price? Let's do a little bit of math. Now, at the time that I did all this math earlier today, you'll see I timestamped it. Hims was $52 a share. You can see right now that it's 51. Now, at August 6, which is today, at 10:30 in the morning, HIMS was $52. To buy back the options contract would would cost me $1600. That's a pretty big loss. I would be losing $1,600 to basically get rid of this options contract. In other words, I would no longer be on the hook to buy these shares at 57 if they closed at 57 by Friday. Close. However, I made $814, remember, on the options contract, which means my net loss is $786. If I were to spend the $1,600, I would essentially be losing $786 bucks. At which point, I could then buy 300 shares of HIMS if I wanted to, at the discounted price of $52 a share, which would cost me $15,600. However, I'd be losing $1,600 on the options contract or spending $1,600, which means in in essence, I would be out $17,200. However, if it's still at 53, $54, or whatever it is on Friday at option at market close, I'm required to buy those 300 shares of 57. That means it would cost me 17,100. So, buying back the options contract and then buying back the shares would actually cost me more than just getting assigned on Friday. However, you might not want the shares anymore. You might say, "You know what? I changed my mind on him. I don't want to touch this thing. It did get a downgrade this morning with a price target of like 48 or something like that." Maybe you're spooked. Maybe you're freaked out. Maybe you don't want those shares anymore. You eat the $1,600, which is really a $786 loss. you wipe your hands of it and you move on. You don't buy the shares. You don't get assigned. You walk away. That is of course an option. However, because I am bullish long-term on the stock and I do like the company, I'm just going to wait and see how it goes. Now, look, it's Wednesday, it's 2:30 right now. By Friday, this stock could be $55, $56 again, which means I would have purchased back the option at a big loss and then bought the sh. You know what I mean? We're playing all these games of what if, what if, what if. I am personally still interested in owning him. It sucks. I probably shouldn't have done this. I probably just should have sat out this week and said, I'm not going to mess with the covered calls or the cover cash secured puts. I'm just going to see what happens. If the earnings are bad, I can just go in on my own time and buy it. I know I'm sweating. It's really, really hot in here. My air conditioner is super noisy, so excuse the excuse the sweat. I'm going to ride it out. I'm going to wait and see what happens. Maybe Hims closes that loss. Maybe it moves up to 54 by Friday. We'll wait and see. Alternatively, by Friday afternoon, this thing could be $42 and I've made a big, big mistake. Time will tell. The point of this video is to show you that even experienced traders like me make mistakes. And covered calls and cash secured puts and the wheel method does come with risks. This is not risk-free. Either way you slice it, I could be out $786 period and I don't buy the shares. Or I could be out $17,000. I'm required to buy the shares at 57. And it might be I might be stepping into a big loss. Time will tell.