This week I made $300 on my weekly series where I try to make $180 to $200 selling covered calls on HIMS. I'm going to walk you through everything because this was a pretty wild week. Last week my shares got assigned. I lost my shares which meant that on Monday I had to repurchase them. So on Monday I bought 100 shares. It cost me $475. And then I immediately sold one covered call contract that expires on Friday with a strike price of $48. So, roughly $1 out of the money. Now, the premium is $25. Um, because it's pretty likely that in a week it's going to go up $1. So, someone is willing to pay me $25 because look, the stock could be on Friday it could be $53, $54, and they could buy my shares at 48. That's the risk I'm willing to take. Now, you might say, "Why don't you just trade the stock every week?" Well, the reason you wouldn't do that is because the stock might not do anything that week, but this is pretty guaranteed based on the volatility of the stock. Now, over time, if HIMS becomes less volatile, these weekly premiums will decrease and I'll have to find another stock where I can make around $25. But for now, for the meantime, this is pretty good. And yes, you can cherrypick a week. You can say, well, this week it went from, you know, this to this crazy price and, oh, you should have traded it that week. But nobody knows one week to the next what's going to happen. Which is why I like this strategy. If HIMS closes on Friday on 627 above $48, so $48.00 or higher, my shares are gone, but I still get to keep the $25 bucks. However, if it closes at $47.99 or below, I get to keep my shares and I still get to keep the $25. Now, because I go $1 out, I'm going to still make some money on the stock price, right? Because even if the stock closes at 52, 53, 55, I'm selling at 48, which is a roughly $1 difference. So, I'm going to make 95 bucks in profit if my shares are assigned and I'm going to make the 205 bucks. This is a pretty wild week, right? It closed at 65 bucks last week, opens, and it just tanks. Now, I happened to buy it here around $475. And yes, it ends up going a lot lower, but that's actually okay for me because right after I purchased the stock, I sold the covered call um at 48, which meant that look at this in the 40s for a couple days, it meant that at least early on in the week, I was thinking, "Oh, I'm going to keep my shares. There's no way this stock is going to get back above 47 where I purchased it, or even higher at 48." But I was wrong. Take a look later on in the week. This is Thursday. So yesterday the stock was $47. Uh-oh. It's looking like I could lose my shares. Now today it ends up early on in the morning hitting around $51 before pulling back and closing at $49.41. So if I hadn't sold the covered call and I was just trading the stock in at 4705 out at $49.41, 41. That is a $2.36 gain or a $236 profit if I had purchased 100 shares. Well, with my method, not only did I make the $25 in premium, but I made the $95 because my shares were indeed assigned. I made 300 bucks. So, I actually made out a little bit better this week. Now, another topic that was discussed in a previous video, so you can click on the playlist down here and watch it, is people always say, "Well, why don't you just roll the options contract?" Which means you basically buy it back and then sell another contract for a week later. This is a great strategy to allow you to keep your shares if you're getting close to expiration and going, "Oh my god, I'm going to lose my shares. I don't want to lose my shares." But for me, I don't really care if I lose the shares, right? Cuz in at 47, out at 49. Okay, no big deal. It's not worth losing. Take a look. This was at 10:27 in the morning on Friday, and it would have cost me almost $400 to buy back my options, which means I would have lost money on this trade. Great strategy. If I had purchased a stock at $20 a year or two ago and really didn't want to owe taxes on the profit, that's a big profit, right? From 20 to to 48 bucks, that's a huge profit. I don't want to pay that. Okay, fine. I'll I'll lose $400. Also, I might not want to lose those shares that I purchased at such a low price years ago. All right, fine. I'll lose $400 and I'll buy back the contract and then I'll extend it. I'll roll it over into another contract or just buy back the contract. And maybe you go, you know what? This strategy isn't for me. I don't want to roll it into next week. I would just like to close the contract early, keep my shares, and lose a little bit of money. But again, I'm in at 47. I'm out at 48. It's, you know, it's going to open on Monday at around 49 bucks, unless something crazy again happens over the weekend and I'll just buy it back on Monday and do the same thing again. This whole strategy is for me to make money. Now, I already own several hundred shares of him that I'm not selling. Those are my long-term investments. This is my short-term strategy to just make a little bit extra money. So, make sure you smash that follow and follow along on the series because every Monday I'm going to make a video updating you. This is what I did. This is what I bought. If I had to repurchase the shares or if I get to keep my shares, this is the contract that I'm selling for this week. And then on Friday or Saturday, usually I will update with, okay, this is what ended up happening, which is what this video was. All right, thanks for watching. See you later.