I make about $1,000 a week selling covered calls. It can be a risky strategy. It is not meant to replace traditional investing and it can cost you a little bit of money. But what are covered calls? I'm going to try to explain this as briefly as possible because the first video I filmed was over eight minutes and I was like, uh, nobody's going to watch this. Well, the first part about covered calls is that you have to own the stock in the company and you have to own a minimum of 100 shares. The problem I have with social media is with companies like Tesla, if you have 100 shares, you can make about $1,200 a week. So, a lot of content creators go, I make $1,200 a week selling covered calls, and you can too, but most people can't because you would need $30,000 in a highly volatile stock like Tesla that number one, people can't afford, and number two, they might not want to risk that much money. So anyway, you have to first own 100 shares and then you sell a call against your shares for income. Think of covered calls like an arrangement or a deal between two people. So, you have a hundred shares in a company at say $30 a share and someone comes to you and says, "Hey, I'll give you $50 if you hold those shares for me and in a week or two weeks or 3 weeks or a month or whatever timeline you specify as the person selling the call. I personally do weekly. If that stock is over $31, I get to buy those shares from you at $31." Now, the stock could be $42. H, sucks for you, man. Now, you get to keep the premium, the 50 bucks. You get to keep the $100 in profit because you bought it at 30 and you're agreeing to sell it at 31, but your upside is capped because the stock could be much higher. Now, that's the deal you made. That's the arrangement. Flip side would be that you buy it at 30. You make this agreement with the other person saying, "Hey, at 31, you can have the shares." and it stays at, you know, $30.80 and it never goes above 31 and does doesn't close above 31 on expiration day. So, the process here is that you buy 100 shares and then you sell one covered call. It's covered because you own the stock and then you immediately sell a call with a strike price. And the strike price can be whatever you want it to be. Now, because I'm doing this for income, the closer to the price where I purchased it, the higher the premium. You could also say, for example, I bought it at 30. I really don't want to lose these shares. I'll sell it with a strike price of $36. But the further out you go, the smaller the premiums get, but it's less risky because it's less likely that in a week it's going to go from 30 to 36, which means you get to pocket that small premium and you most likely get to keep your shares. The downside is you could be wrong and it could skyrocket and you'd lose the shares and you'd only make a little bit on the premium, but you'd make a lot on the sale of the stock because you bought it at 30 and you sold it with a strike price of say 36. So, you're going to make $600, but if it's $40, you miss out on that extra four bucks of profit. But we're getting off track here. Remember, we bought it at 30. We sold a covered call with a strike a strike price of 31. So, if the stock is $31 or above, my shares are gone. They're assigned, but I get to keep the premium. No matter what the price per share, I'm obligated to sell them at 31. That's the deal we made. However, if the stock closes on Friday or the date of expiration that you picked and it closes under 31, so $30.99 or anywhere below, you still get to keep the premium and you get to keep your shares. Now, the risk involved here is that maybe the stock tumbles. You buy it at 30, you sell a covered call at 31 and it goes to $22 on really bad earnings, for example. Now you're in real big trouble because you got a really big loss in a company and the premiums are going to be really low because remember you bought it at 30 and let's say it's 22. Now you're selling a premium at $31 strike price. That's way far away from where it currently is at $22 a share. you're going to make no money on those options and you've got a really big loss. If covered calls make you nervous, you shouldn't do it. If you don't want to lose your shares, you probably shouldn't do it or you should buy an additional 100 shares just for the sake of generating income. That's what I do. And you are never obligated here. You can always buy back the options contract before expiration. So, if you're in on the 21st and say it's the 24th and the stock has skyrocketed and you're going, "Oh my god, no. I'm going to lose my shares and I didn't want to lose my shares." You can just buy back the options contract, but it's going to cost you. That can be a big risk as well. You can take a quick screenshot of this if you want to study it.