I'm going to teach you how to build wealth and make money through your investments so you don't have to do things you don't want to do anymore. If you want to work, you can. You ain't You ain't got it. You don't have to go to work. You can go to work. I haven't had a job since 2011. 2011. That's the last time I said yes, sir. To some stupid ass boss. And then I said, "See you later." And I've been day trading, swing trading, and investing for the last 15 years. You can too. You can You can do this. Now, if you were new here, you've never seen me before. My name is Kenneth. I never went to college. I am a high school graduate who wanted to be a professional wrestler. That was my dream when I was 18. That didn't work out. I worked minimum wage jobs in the fitness industry, in the restaurant industry, double shifts as a line cooking, as an expediter. I didn't want to do that forever. I didn't know what I wanted to do. Long story short, day trading, swing trading, investing, and now I make around, it changes every week, but you know, let's say $1,100 a week selling covered calls on my investments. And yeah, sometimes it's risky. Just take a look at this. These were some of my positions from last week. QuantumCape down big. It's like $8 now. So, this one big old loss. Yes, I made $466 on my $5,700 investment or trade, whatever. Um, but now the stock is $8 and I have to decide, do I think it'll come back in the next week or should I sell it, take a big loss? Nphase is also down. It's around $31 now. Hims, my shares got called away. Oscar Health, my shares did not get called away, but it's also not a big loss. I'm still going to make around uh let's say under $200 this week selling covered calls. And this position in HIMS also got called away. So I freed up about $15,000 in capital here. I can still make money on Oscar Health. And with these two right up here at the top, I got to make some decisions. Do I want to sell this for a loss? I don't know yet. And for this one, I don't think so. I'm going to continue to hold and just we'll see what happens this week. Maybe end phase comes back up. Now, I'm going to put this video in my $180 a week um playlist, which is right down here. But if you're new and you also want to learn how to invest, I've got so many resources here and somewhere else. Take a look. All you have to do is go right here, click on the menu, which is right here, and everything here is free. The covered call guide, my frequently asked questions, my playlist content catalog. So, you can search for all of my playlists and find the things that you're specifically interested in. My investing for beginners course free. My free resource guide free. ETF template free. Fundamental analysis template free. A little blog post about saving is not investing. Dividends explained. All of this stuff is free. You can learn how to do this. It's easy.