I'm going to use covered calls to pay for a trip that I'm going on in July and I'm going to show you how I plan to do it. I'm a pretty big fan of two things. New York City and professional wrestling. And it just so happens that WWE Saturday Night's Main Event is going to be at Madison Square Garden in July. And I would like to go. So I bought two tickets, one for me and one for my partner. She doesn't really like wrestling, but I'm going to drag her to it anyway. And after I bought the tickets, like an idiot, then I looked at the hotel prices and I was like, "Oh, no. Why are they so expensive? I mean, New York City in the summer sucks. It's hot, it stinks, stuffy under in the in the in the train underground. Ugh, it's disgusting. Why are the hotels so expensive? Couldn't figure it out. So I realized FIFA World Cup is in the city or in New Jersey or something like that. And that's why all the hotels are quadruple the price. And I said, "I'm not paying for this I'm going to make my covered calls pay for the trip for me. First things first, I have to buy 100 shares of Broadcom, which as you can see is no easy feat. 100 shares is going to cost me $40,654. So it's April. I've got a few months now until Saturday Night's Main Event to raise the capital, but once I've acquired my 100 shares, my strategy for Broadcom is a little bit different. I'm not investing in this company for the long term. I'm here to trade it and make money off of the covered call premiums. All I do is I go right here to the very next price right out of the money, which you can see it's dead center in the screen here, 407.50. That's the strike price I'm going to select. And you can see here where it says $6.20, that's what I will earn per contract. One contract equals 100 shares. You multiply this by 100, I'm going to make $620. And the cool thing about Broadcom is they have covered calls that expire every other day. So if I buy it on a Monday and sell a covered call on a Wednesday and it gets assigned, I buy it back on Thursday. I do the same thing every two days and I can make around 600 bucks every single time. Now how to sell it? You see here where it says bid, that's the column you click on. Now it always is going to start with 10 or negative 10 because you are selling these covered calls. First you have to buy the shares, then you sell the covered calls. I don't have 1,000 shares, so I edit it down to negative one. This trade costs me nothing. That's why it says 620 in parentheses. I'm not spending the $620, I'm getting the $620. But I am out 40,654 bucks cuz I got to buy the 100 shares. And if I can do this five times, I've covered my New York trip. By the way, Broadcom is coming off of an extremely rapid run-up over the last few weeks from $289 to over $400 in in just a few weeks. So I expect it to pull back a little bit. I'm looking at something called Fibonacci retracements, which are these red lines that you see. And the previous line of support is around 360. So that's ideally where I would be getting in on this stock. I do expect markets to pull back over the summer. There's not really a lot of good economic news that is driving up the prices of these stocks. We're hitting high after high after high with little good news to account for it. And in my personal experience, every time my account hits an all-time high, I have a few days of like, "Wow, I can't believe it." before the rug gets pulled out and it plummets. And my account just hit an all-time high.