Stock Santa here back again for 5 years running now and I'm going to show you a list of monthly dividend paying ETFs. The gift that keeps on giving. Everyone loves dividends. Make sure you save this video so you can come back and watch it later. Now, number three and number six on this list are a little bit more complicated or high risk. Whether it's right for you or not, I can't tell you. I'm just stock Santa man. I can just give you the list. I'm also going to give you a present at the end of the video that can help you make a decision. I'm just going to show you them. Let's take a look. Up first is DEZ. It is a Wisdom Tree small cap dividend fund. It is down almost 10% in the last 12 months. Any expense ratio under 1% is considered low and this fund pays a modest 2.45%. And this fund pays about 5 cents per month. Up next is PHD. This is another popular monthly dividend fund, but it is also down this year. The dividend is around 3.83%. With SPHD, you will earn about 19 cents per month. Next is Q6. It is a NASDAQ 100 dividend multiplier ETF and it is up 12% in the last year. The expense ratio is a little bit higher, but also look at that dividend 4.57%. Now, unlike some of the other ETFs in this list that just buy dividend paying stocks and then pass those dividends on to you, the investor, this fund also invests in futures contracts. that makes it a little bit more complicated. Up next is IDVO. This is an international dividend fund. So, if you wanted some international exposure to your portfolio, you might consider this one. And look, it's up almost 24% this year. This probably is more likely due to Trump's tariffs than anything else, but that's just a hunch. The dividend is 5.34% and it pays monthly and that equates to about 19 cents per. Up next is Div, the US super dividend fund. Now, this one should also be called super volatile because they're investing in some more high-risk stocks that do pay dividends. You can see it is down almost 8% and the dividend is 6.88%. But the dividend grade is D+. That's not so good. And you will earn about 11 cents per month. And the last one on the list is the Global Super Dividend ETF. Same as before, high-risk companies with international exposure, which normally could be more volatile. You can see it's up 12% this year. Again, most likely due to Donald Trump and his tariffs. Look at those expense ratios. But look at that dividend. Almost 10% 9.56. But SD also has a dividend grade of D+, but you will earn 19 cents per month. Ready for your present? Here it is. All you got to do is go right here, click on the menu, which is right here, and find this dividend comparison template. It's free. Don't forget to ask StockX Santa all your investing questions down below. Smash that follow. See you later. I'll be here all month.