Is it a waste to have more than one ETF in your Roth IRA? I tend to think probably yes. But there are some scenarios in which having one, two, or even three might be okay. First of all, I'm going to assume that you don't just have a Roth IRA, but you also have an individual account. With the Roth IRA, the goal is to avoid a big tax bill down the road. with an individual account with stuff like a dividend fund or an S&amp;P 500. Yeah, you'll pay some taxes on them, but in my opinion, you'll probably end up owing less in taxes on those than you will with a huge heavy hitter like a technology ETF. So, if you were to say to me, you can avoid taxes on an S&amp;P 500 or a technology fund. Which one would you rather avoid taxes on? I'm going to avoid the taxes on technology. Just as an example, take a look at this. Over the last 10 years, an S&amp;P 500 ETF has returned about 275%. That's pretty good. But a tech fund like FTECH is up 658% in the same 10-year period. So, if I could avoid taxes on only one of them, which one you going to choose? You know what I mean? Multiple ETFs in your Roth IRA isn't necessarily bad, but you are ending up with smaller slices of each one. So, if you had an S&amp;P, a dividend, and a tech fund, you'd be getting smaller positions in each one versus one allin. And one allin isn't bad if it's intentional and not your only investment. In other words, in the individual account, you have other stuff. But a mistake that a lot of new investors make isn't just that they have a couple of ETFs in their Roth IRA, they end up having a couple of very similar ETFs. I see this one all the time. People will write me and they'll say, "I have QQQ in my Roth IRA, and I also have SCG in my Roth IRA." But look at look at these breakdowns here. 43% technology and SCHG, 51% technology in QQQM. Too much overlap. You have too much of the same thing. Just pick one of them. And you can use an overlap tool like the one shown here that can kind of give you a breakdown of how much overlap is between these two funds. If you want the highest expected growth that also grows taxfree, a technologyonly approach might work for you. If you want a diversified Roth IRA with exposure to various things, then having one, two, or even three ETFs in that account might work for you. There's no one-sizefits-all approach. The main issue is that you want to avoid overlap as much as possible.