The S&amp;P 500 has an average annual rate of return of around 10%. Not 10% every year, but that is the historical average. Whenever I make a video about this or I show a calculator, which I'm going to show you in a second, some smartass inevitably says, "Oh, well, actually, you should put 7% in the calculator and not 10% because you should adjust for inflation." First of all, shut up. Second of all, here's why that's wrong. 10% is the actual annual rate of return. We are measuring the growth of the portfolio value, not the purchasing power 30 years from now. Your portfolio compounds at before inflation returns, not inflation-adjusted returns. But, talking about inflation is a separate conversation. It's separate because your account is still going to grow at 10%. If you want to talk about purchasing power, that's a different conversation. But, showing you what your account value will be is accurate. It is accurate to use that 10% cuz that is how much money you will have. If you're talking about, "Well, will that 1.1 million buy the same amount?" No, but that's a different conversation. Here, we're putting $500 per month into an S&amp;P 500 ETF that has an average annual return of 10% over a 30-year period. So, by the time you retire, you will have over a million dollars. That is how much money you will have. So, using 10% is correct. The question is, "Will it buy me the same amount?" No, of course not. What we know, due to inflation being at around 3% per year, is that prices of everything generally will double every 24 years. Those are estimates, of course. I don't need some smartass in the comments going, "Well, actually, those are just loose guidelines." So, if we know that prices are going to double, and we want to know that we'll have a million dollars of spending power 30 years from now, you need to double the amount of money you're investing, but the 10% return remains. If you need a million dollars in today's money 30 years from now, get it. We got to double the amount that's being invested. If you want a million dollars purchasing power 30 years from now, you need to double what you're investing, and then it goes to 2 million. But, the 10% is the actual return on your investments. Hit the follow. See you later.