I'm going to show you how to determine whether an ETF is good or garbage in under 30 seconds. Well, it's going to take you more than 30 seconds to fill out the template, but once you fill out the template, it's going to take you like 30 seconds. I'm going to use two pretty popular emerging market or international ETFs in this video, VXUS, and we're going to compare it to EEM, the emerging markets fund. What's going on? I know, it's too small to read. That's not the point. The point is how to analyze everything here, which we're going to go over right now. For starters, the expense ratio. On VXUS versus EEM, you can see that the expense ratio for VXUS is 0.05, and for EEM it is 0.72. What does that tell you? It's more expensive to buy EEM. What do you mean EEM is more expensive? It's actually cheaper per share. It's $56. VXUS is 75. This is more expensive. And in a way, you're right, but in another way, you're wrong. See, investors don't just look at the price per share. They also look at the fees. And in this case, long term, the fees are more expensive than they are for VXUS. Okay, this will probably make it a little bit easier to read. Look at the growth, the performance over the last 1, 5, and 10 years. EEM is a little bit choppy. It's up, it's down. What's going on here? Whereas VXUS is a little bit more consistent. All the way down here at the bottom, you can see the holdings. VXUS has around 8,700 companies. EEM has around 1,200. This means that this has broad market exposure, and this has concentrated risk. Look at the technology breakdown for these two funds. VXUS is 14% tech. EEM is 33% tech. Now, being 33% tech doesn't necessarily make it bad or wrong. Again, investing is a personal choice, but you have broad market exposure with VXUS and concentrated risk in emerging market and technology stocks, which is double volatile. And last but not least, the dividend. VXUS is 3.03, and EEM is 2.07. So, once you have my template and you've filled it out with any individual stock, I have one for fundamental analysis two for individual stocks, or one for ETFs, you're very quickly able to analyze all this data before you. You're able to determine that VXUS is a little bit more affordable when it comes to the expense ratio. It's a little bit more broad market, so it's a little bit more diversified. It's a little bit more consistent in their growth, and it has a slightly higher dividend. And this doesn't mean that EEM is bad. It just means that it's a little bit more volatile, it has higher fees, and it has a smaller dividend, but you might not care. You might say, "Hey, emerging markets and technology, that's a bet I'm willing to take."