I'm going to show you how to make three times as much money as your friend who's investing in an S&amp;P 500 index fund. Your friend invests in VOO that has an average annual return of around 10%. That's cute. You invest in UPRO, a 3x leveraged S&amp;P 500 index fund, and you make 30%. Well, if it's as good as everyone says it is, why isn't everyone doing it? Either nobody knows about it, and you just so happen to stumble on the biggest well-kept secret on Earth, or if it's too good to be true, eh? Well, there are a few problems with these triple leveraged funds. Number one, they have extremely high fees. Some of them are over 1%, whereas your typical S&amp;P 500 index fund is as close to zero as you can get. Problem number two, yes, you can triple your gains, but you can also triple your losses, which makes these funds great for trading and terrible for long-term investing. Before we get started, this is a very simplified illustration to show you how these funds can absolutely wreck you. Things like averaging in over time, reinvesting dividends can make a slight difference, but they will never get you out of the hole that you will end up in. As an example, you have a $100,000, and you dump it into a 3x leverage ETF, but right after you do that, there just so happens to be a humongous recession, and the S&amp;P 500 drops 20%. But, you are in a 3x leverage fund, which means you are down around 60%. Your friend who plunged down the same amount of money in VOO only needs around a 25% recovery to break even. But, you, because you're in a 3x leverage fund, need a 150% gain to just break even. Your $100,000 investment is now only worth $40,000. You have a $60,000 loss. And what happens next is we enter a little bit of a lost decade where the stock market really just doesn't go up very much at all. In fact, it only goes up around 30%. But hey, you're 3x leveraged, which means you're up around 60%. But your $100,000 investment is now only worth $64,000. You're still down around 36%. Now, after this 10-year lost decade, when markets suddenly start to recover a little bit, there's a black swan event, like say for example, COVID. No one saw that coming, and the markets get absolutely crushed down 30%. But you're 3x leveraged, so you're down 90%. This is on top of the loss you already had, which means your investment, your $100,000 investment, is now worth $6,400. To simply break even, you need the markets to go up 1,462%. This is because you compounded your losses. But your friend who is in VOO only needs the markets to recover 37% to break even. In other words, no matter how much dollar cost averaging you do, buying the dip, reinvesting the dividends, you will never crawl out of the hole you are in. And this is why you never hear about smart investors going like, "Yeah, I'm going to pick a leveraged fund for my long-term investment."