ETFs are not Pokémon cards, all right? You ain't got to catch them all. I just saw a video from a much larger finance content creator. I'm talking millions of followers, saying, "Here are the seven ETFs I would buy if I was starting over." And I was like, "Whoa, wait. Hold on." Seven? By the way, this is going to be a little bit of a longer video, so make sure you hit that save so you can come back and watch it later when you've got more time cuz it's super important. This is exactly the kind of content that drives me crazy on social media because a lot of inexperienced investors see a video like that, click on his page, and go, "Wow, 3 million followers. This guy must know what he's talking about. I'm just going to buy all seven of them." This guy was saying that you need to have VOO, QQQM, VUG, VGT, VTI, VT, and VXUS. My dude, what? First of all, all of these ETFs have expense ratios or fees. You aren't individually billed for them, but why own multiples of the same type of fund that all have fees when you could just focus down that list into a handful of high-quality stuff, and most importantly, eliminate the overlap. We're going to be looking at something called overlap by weight. Overlap by weight, you can see it right down here, is how much of the money in each ETF is investing in the same companies. This day and age, there's going to be a ton of overlap no matter what you do. The goal isn't zero overlap, it's just manageable overlap. So, zero to 20% is good. 20 to 40% is moderate. 40 to 60 is high, and anything 60-plus is very high. In other words, unnecessary. Just pick one. We kick things off here with broad market funds, VOO or a total market fund. And you can see, there's 88% overlap by weight. That's too much. Up next, we have the growth and technology-focused ETFs. QQQM versus VUG, 63% QQQM versus VGT, 48% and VUG versus VGT, 53% because they're all technology centric, the overlap is bad. You're basically buying the same thing twice. Well, three times. That's like getting a pepperoni pizza from Papa John's, getting in your car, going to a Domino's and getting a pepperoni pizza, getting in your car and then going to a Pizza Hut and getting a pepperoni pizza. They're all kind of different, but they're pepperoni pizzas at the end of the day. You know what I mean? Just go to one place and get three pizzas. Now we're getting into international funds. Even here, the overlap is 34%, which is moderate, but I'm personally not a big fan of international ETFs. I have another video somewhere if you want to ask me where to find it, I'll tell you. They've only done well recently because of Donald Trump and his tariffs. But my take on international funds is that by investing in VOO and QQQM, you're still getting a lot of international exposure because these companies make a lot of their money overseas. Finally, we have US versus world and you can see here with VOO versus VT, 55% overlap. A much better portfolio would be eliminating all of the redundancy of which there is a lot over there and narrowing it down to just three ETFs, VOO, FTEC and SCHD for example. Yes, a lot of people will say, well, hold on a second, VOO and FTEC, 37% overlap, that's moderate teetering on high, isn't that bad? The difference is FTEC is 100% technology centric. This just means that gains could be disproportionately higher. VOO versus SCHD, 8% overlap and FTEC versus SCHD, only 3% overlap. This is a much better mock portfolio than this Understanding not only what you own, but where your money is going is way more important than just collecting ticker symbols. So, hit that follow if you want no-nonsense financial education.