Hello. Hello everybody. Come on in. One moment. Beautiful. As everybody's coming on in. Good to see you, Tony. Hey, how you doing, Justin? Good. Oh, well, you got Striker AI in the background and everything. I think you should just keep it just like that. Oh, I've got the wrong wrong company in the background. I just That was the other I say I say keep it. It's a good one. Allan, good to see you. Hello, sir. Can you hear me? Okay, I hear you. Okay, good. Got you in here. Let everybody um come on in. Yeah, we are moving this up. I kind of some feedback from everybody was to uh if we could have it just just an hour earlier would be uh helpful depending on what coast you're on. Um so it doesn't get too too late for folks. Just ongoing or just this week? Yeah. Yeah, we'll be ongoing kind of at 400 PM for West Coast and which is 700 p.m. East Coast, but that way people can finish up by 7:30ish uh East Coast time, stuff like that. So be helpful. Um, beautiful. Wait just another minute here. So, Ryan coming in here. Yeah. So, I want to hear about kind of some wins or losses or frustrations. Let's kind of start with that just in general. Good to see Joe in here. And uh who else we got? Ernest, good to see you, my friend. Samira, good to see you. Um because yeah, I think you know sharing that stuff uh if you're hitting roadblocks, if you're hitting any kind of uh resistance in general, it's important to share that because a lot of people do go through it and it typically tends to happen right around 3 to four months if you haven't locked in a deal yet, right? um three to four months if you haven't locked in a deal yet, you can start to feel the resistance and then we just need to punch through that and kind of figure out a method and a way to to get you through that hump and what we can do to help push that along with you. Um so I did want to ask anybody here, you know, if you're feeling that general and then how we can kind of walk through that mentally mentally for you. So um I see Ernest on here. Good to see you. And then Ryan's in here too. Um but yeah, if you want So Tony, talk about um that deal right now um you're going through. Yeah. So Bruce is gonna talk about his too. Okay, cool. So So I'll take let me take a step back because speaking to what you were just speaking about. So you know, it took us a while to really get our first uh deal, right? Um, and what was interesting is that the more that we, you know, made an effort to get out there and like you said, just and especially, you know, in this environment with Zoom, you before you jump on a plane, just get establish trust and rapport with a broker. that made a big difference because now deals are coming in and you know and we still um like we'll still look at CRExy just for for that for the whole opportunity to meet a new broker and so more and more deals you know come through I mean we put them through the deal analyzers a lot of them don't really pencil um but at least it allows for a couple things it allows for an outreach back to them you can start you know really uh establishing that trust and rapport you can even have communication as to what this really pencils was at what it would need to be at. And um and that's kind of how we landed on on this deal, right? We had actually come in on a totally different property. Um by then it had just gone in uh into contract. We went ahead and submitted kind of a backup LOI. They asked us to, but we were pretty far apart and I don't I don't know what it went under contract for obviously. Um but then it was in that conversation that the broker says, "By the way, you know, this is the third um this was the second of a three uh uh property portfolio. There's one more more small property that's left. Would you be interested?" I said, "Sure." So that's how we started. And yes, it was, you know, 12 units, which probably that wasn't really what we were looking for. We were looking at something a little bit bigger. But here it was, you know, this broker saying, "Hey, take a look at this." And so, you know, it came in at 1.6. We ran the numbers, not even close. I And I And so I asked him, the whisper price was 1.45. Even at 1.45, way overpriced. And so I told him it was over. I go, "Well, what would the numbers need to be?" I said, "It need to be 1.2." And so he he said, "But I go, but we're so far apart. I don't even think it's worth, you know, sending an LOI." He says, "Send me an LOI." Well, they counted at 1.3, right? And uh and and also some other things on the closing timelines and and down payment, whatever. And I said, 1.3, it still doesn't make sense. But it started this conversation and and now I've got this great rapport with this broker and uh and bottom line, he said, "Hey, by the way, there's an expense that has gone away that we're not going to need to lease this additional parking space that we were doing because there's ample parking and street parking." And I said, "Well, if I take that expense out," I told him, "I can come up to 1.215, which I could really come up to 1.22, but I thought, give me a little bit more wiggle room." Sure. And uh anyways, guess what? He said, "The asked for you to submit a a fresh LOI. They'll review it over the weekend, and guess what? They've they accepted the offer." So, that put us now where we're looking at an irr of about one uh of about 18%. Mhm. Um I also um reached out to Core First, by the way. Thank you so much for that. She's awesome. Um Alyssa or whatever her name is. And um she's uh she told me that, "Hey," she goes, "I know that you're you're looking at this at a 65% LTV." I go, she goes, "We can go 70. We can even go 80." Um but you know, the DCR at 80 was But I could we could Yeah. Don't don't don't do 80. No, I won't do. Lenders love to lend. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Of course. No. So, but but the DCR still came in within her guideline on a 25-y year fully advertised at 70%. And so that bumped up my IRRa to I think 18%. Um my DCR is still 1.27 and I think she needed six or something where I'm That's on existing financials, correct? What's that? That's on existing existing financials. That's on existing financials. Um and uh and and and and the performance as far as the IRRa and um so yeah. So so she's reviewing everything. Um she wants to actually have lunch with us and we're we're going to be in town Monday and Tuesday. Yep. And um the broker just gave me a list of all the different you know people to contact for this this this. So tomorrow I'll get all that. Yeah. Do you remember when we had talked about the progression once you get to this point of okay the the the broker is kind of your first lure into the marketplace and then once you're there they're going to give you access to a couple PM companies who other people have used to interview y and then the PM companies will give you access to a couple construction guys the brokers will too but the PM companies will that they use so that way your little team is now formulated within that marketplace that you're investing in correct and that happens naturally but you have to ask the questions but your broker is going to be your lure into that marketplace to start and then from there it expands u it's no different than than we had started and that's the directto broker approach that you used that's method one method two is we know is the direct to owner approach right going that route to kind of reach out directly to the owners uh to find deals and that's obviously what we're doing every day and you know we uh you know, set up our software that we've been using for quite some time, but now we're starting to put it out to everybody else to be able to use when they want. But, uh, Bruce, I know that you're kind of in the in the hunt for something right now. And then I wanted to, you know, maybe ask, uh, Ernest and I guess both Ernestes that we got on here as to, uh, you know, where you guys are at and how we can help you. Were you asking me to uh to respond? Yes, I was. Okay. So, yes, I have I have been kind of half-heartedly, you know, been kind of playing along and learning as I go. Um, as I mentioned a while ago, um, I had a uh flip that went into escrow and I just got my check back last night or yeah, I got it ex uh expedited to me yesterday. So, um, I have my money back and now I'm in earnest. I had been looking at a property that 56 unit property. I looked at that inside and out in uh Birmingham, which was not my primary market. My pra primary market is is going to be Huntsville. Um, but, you know, I gave a run at that and in the end, the owner was looking to sell it outright. he didn't, you know, he decided he couldn't afford to carry anything. Um, and you know, when you look at the demographics, it just it didn't support what he wanted for it. And so I just, you know, let that go by the wayside. Uh, nothing ventured, nothing gained, you know. Yeah, you hit on a key point there is not to fall in love with the deal, right? Not to fall in love with the deal. Fall in love with what the numbers and what the deal is telling you. Uh because too often we can get very laser focused on something we really like and we will begin to fudge the numbers that are on those deal analyzers to well you know what if we actually did get the rent here. You know what if we did move that expense to here? You know what if we you know did do this and so then you start to maneuver too many variables um and then you get into a tight situation where the property is not going to perform. Um, and so, you know, holding the line is critical. Um, and like Tony and those guys are doing on that one deal. Now, you you have a bank who will actually give you your financing relatively easy because they're looking at the same data. And then your investors that you may want to bring into the deal, they're going to look at it and say, "Okay, this thing makes some sense financially. I can make a good return on my money if if I give you 25 grand or 50 grand." Um, and then we'd heard from Brian last week, you know, his average check size, even though he had a minimum investment into his new 50 plus unit deal. Uh, his average check size is 50 grand. And, you know, typically 8 to 10 investors are where, you know, is raising that money. And he raised about a half million bucks on his first deal and he's going to raise a little bit more on on his second deal, but he was able to use that method to do that. So, um, I know Samir had come in here. Uh, we sent 25 questions to the owner and he came back with the answers. My problem is that I am not sure which answer is acceptable. Oh, that's a good one. Do you want to talk about that? This is actually very very helpful. This would be a good walkthrough for people. Yes, please. Thank you. Yeah. So, this is Samir, everybody. You know, they're in the process of a of a a property too and uh they sent over those questions that we request that you do. Um, so let's chat about the responses. Yes. My problem at first I thought that um um he g he won't um answer the question but after one week he came back with all the answers but I'm not sure that which answers is acceptable and what we are looking for. Yeah. So, let's go through the some of the bigger ones, which would be any flooding, mold, any uh issues with plum, major major components, um any electrical kind of stuff like that. Sure. And give me give me their answers. Oh. Oh, okay. Um um okay. I need um little time to find his email address. Okay. His email. Okay. if you want to go. And uh Samir is bringing this up because as part of the escrow process, closing the deal now that they're entering escrow on this deal, the due diligence checklist, one of them is a list of about 22 questions that you would send over to the broker, the listing broker, who would then get them to the seller to answer prior to you going into contract. So that way you have a good feel because it in the contract specifically, it's there's a section called representations and warranties. And if you remember from last week when we were on the call, I said, "Hey, go into your portal into the back end in the download section in your mentorship and pull out the purchase contract sample that we have back in there for you and scroll down to the representations and warranty section because this is one of the most important sections of a purchase contract because this is what the seller is representing and warranting to you about the property. And so this is where these questions can play in because if they lie now you can hold them by the wavos rancheros. Yeah. So uh that's the whole point behind them is to keep you out of a money pit, right? Because that's why you're here is uh is to avoid that and not get stuck you and other people into something you're like gosh man we didn't inspect that. because I' i've made the mistakes, you know? I mean, it's on even one of our properties, we we forgot to inspect all the shut off valves for all the buildings, right? So, you have a shut off valves for the complex, but each building should have a water shut off for both hot and cold. And you would think, oh, they have them. You know, we don't need to actually make sure they work. Like, we knew they had them, but then we didn't actually test every single one. So, lo and behold, we closed escrow and find out half of them don't work. And then we find out that whenever there's a leak on the property, they have to shut down the entire complex of water. That's a big problem. You know, it's a big problem because, as you all know, if you have an older building, meaning 1950, 60, 70, 80, when you shut down the water, it puts air and sediment into the lines. So then when you go to turn back on the water, it pushes air and sediment through your water lines, which could then cause more leaks. So it's inevitable that especially in older piping, for every time you shut off that water, you're going to cause two to three more leaks and they won't be visible for about 3 months because you'll turn it back on and you think everything's hunky dory. Well, 3 months down the line, that small little pinhole has now become a big pinhole. So, you know, they were having to shut off the water. I mean, imagine shutting off a 100 plus units every single time there's a water leak on the property. I almost hyperventilated because I just I just I couldn't fathom it. And so, we had to go in there and spend about 25 grand to put and and replace all the shut off valves on the property. So, it's stuff like that that these questions help alleviate and that's why we put them in there. So, this, you know, a story of it, but it could save you a lot of money. Um, so Samir, are you ready? Yes. Yes, I'm ready. I found the um the document that they sent. Yeah. Yeah. So, go over a couple of the main ones just regarding water, electrical, stuff like that and then all then their answers. So, um um age of the roof, it said uh 20 years old. Okay. Yeah. So, if they haven't replaced it, so that's definitely going to be something you're going to want to inspect uh pretty heavily because if it's at the 20, is it a flat roof or pitched? Um I'm not sure. Meaning is it flat or does it have a pitch on it? If you look at the aerials or any of the photos. Yeah, I should check the uh Okay, I should check the um the map again. I'm not sure that because the one that Louis work any of the photos it would tell you. So pitched if it's pitched at all. The one that work on it and uh but he's in uh vacation now. So I just follow up with him. Okay. Yeah. versus a flat roof. You know, on the flat roof, that'll uh dictate, you know, kind of what you can expect. Flat roofs are more maintenance. It's okay. Many properties have them, but they're more maintenance. So, you just want to double check on that. Pitch roofs are a little bit easier. Uh he mentioned we have had a few leaks from the heavy rains last year. Uh um all have been repaired using Henry Tropical waterproof silicone roof sealant something. Okay. Yeah. So, I'm guessing it's a flat roof based on that response. Oh. Um, so yeah, that's definitely going to be an inspection to verify. Um, it's important. It's important. I'm glad that they talked about the leaks and all that other stuff. So, they're being pretty transparent on that. But, your roof inspector will look at all that. He's probably going to recommend some repairs and fixes, which you can use to then go back to the seller, potentially request either a credit and loot or the repairs to be done. One of the two. And about the number of section 8 units, none. None. Okay. None. So then what you do, just FYI, is part of your lease audit is they're going to send you a Google Drive or whatever it is or at least a viewable link where you can view, maybe not download, but view all of the leases. And then you're going to go in there and you're going to double check because if he says no section 8 and you find out there's section 8, it's going to be party on. I see. Um I think that's the trust but verify. Trust but verify. And uh it would not be the first rodeo that I hear, you know, no section 8. All of a sudden you find out that half of them are. I mean it's mindboggling. Like because it's just it's mindboggling. like they don't think you're going to check, but a lot of people may not, you know, they just take it at its word. Um, which is fine, but then your recourse is you got to sue them. You don't want to find out later. So, stuff like that's important. So, that's a great question. Uh, a couple more. Um, about the age replacement of hot water. Um, about it answer two 50 gallon gas water heaters in basement. One is uh from 2020, the other is 2022. Yep. Um all new HVAC systems installed in 2015. Are they individual for the for the I mean um remind me where the property is located again. Sorry, that's this is the one that Louis work on it. Um this is a 1772 Madison. I think it's in Texas, but uh let me double check. Um no, no, no, sorry. It's Memphis. Memphis, Tennessee. Tennessee. Yes. Yeah. So, you'll just want to um once again, inspection stuff. Uh what's the number of units on it? Um the address? No. Uh number of units. Number of units is 20 something. 21. Yeah. So, two 50-gallon water heater. Sorry, 16 units. 16 16. Yeah. So, the two 20-gallon that that should 250 gallon water heaters, that should suffice. It's enough to pump for it. Um, but yeah, you'll want to check for things like a circulation pump, which I'm sure they have. It's connected to the water heaters just to make sure that they're circulating that hot water pretty pretty good throughout the property. Um, and then yeah, having your inspectors check the age and all that stuff. Um, and then they, you know, it's just it's the litany list of the due diligence stuff. It's in that checklist for you. But yeah, all the little things from I don't know. Here's a good question for the broker and for the people because every community and every locality is different. Ask them how hard how hard the water system is there. Like is it a hard water like really hard water system or is it light, you know, water system. Um because that'll dictate how often you have to service your water heaters. These are just the little nuance things that you know you pick up on over time when you have enough water heaters blow up. You uh you learn very quickly and they cost 12,000. Too much information for me, but I'm trying my best. Yeah. Um I know these are all great questions. Um one more real quick. Um yeah, any major plumbing um repair last five years? No. is electrical to code breakers. Um, up to code, no uh violations. A service uh to the building was upgraded 10 years ago and new panels were installed in each unit. Okay. Um, is it aluminium or copper wiring? Copper. Copper. Okay. Copper. So, just so you know, when your inspector goes to inspect, have him remove a plug socket and a light fixture. Remove them and the plug comes out. He's going to check the wiring connections to make sure they are in fact copper. And he's going to check the light fixture wire to make sure it's copper because we had seller not once, not twice, not three times, three three times on those questions answer copper knowing. And he he knew he was lying because we found out later that all his staff knew too. Um you know it was it was aluminum wiring. So just have your staff double check that because we had him by the I mean because he answered he lied. So, we had them, but um you know, I talked about that it was easier for us to actually fix it than to sue them. Um but just you can do that while your due diligence is going on and while your um inspection or your contingencies are still in place so that way your money is not hard. It's a little little harder to negotiate after your money goes hard. Justin, is there a year that the like the National Electrical Code like doesn't do aluminum wiring for certain builds? Yeah, great question. I want to say it was mid70s to late 70s it changed to a requirement of copper for the building code. Okay. Yeah, it's right in that range because that which is also why we ideally now look for 1980 properties or newer. Uh that may not happen in your first couple deals. You may be 1960s to 1980s for your first few deals and that's okay. But just know that the construction quality is different. Mhm. It's just the way the design of buildings and blah blah blah. Um, so you may have a little higher maintenance on those range of buildings. Sure. Than you would for 1980 where for whatever reason like that was kind of the threshold year. The quality of construction changed. They went from cast iron piping to ABS PVC lines and everything. So it helped helped with clogs and breaking of pipes. Uh, your electrical changed and upgraded. Um you in some cases you got a little you may even move from copper um uh copper I guess pressured pipes to a PEX system which really didn't get good like so everybody knows PEX are it's like a it's a PVC based PEX pressurized uh system and that didn't really start happening well until the mid 2000s and then it started to get better u then but you know neither here nor there on that. So, okay. Okay. I got another question that's kind of like an alien wanting to bust out of me. Um, so I've been in the course for about two weeks now. Listen to a number of modules and maybe it's something I missed. It could be in a later module, but um so as far as like um like down payment, if you would, you know, I've got a friend, he's going to contribute 25K toward a down payment. Y um outside of that, you know, I'm late 50s. My parents are passed away, so I don't have too many friends and family outside of that. So, um do I need to, you know, I was looking at syndication because it doesn't take much of a an apartment building to get up to a, you know, hefty down payment, right? But if I do that, I I thought in one of the modules I'd have to work through the SEC and do some kind of a syndication thing. It's about 14,000 for the legal paperwork. Yeah. So, let's walk through that. So, yes, it depends to answer your question. Okay. If any if the people coming into your deal are pretty close to you, like you know them pretty well, then and it's only maybe going to be a handful of people, then you could probably just bring them directly into operating agreement for the deal, right? Okay. if you're going to start raising money from people you don't know that well that's why that whole SEC and the syndication game comes into effect because it's not just to protect them it's to protect you and that's why those documents are there in the SEC because you know our wonderful American greed show everybody knows on CNBC you know they wanted to make sure you're not taking grandma's last 50 grand right there's a lot of shady stuff going on and then you have people with 50 grand and you know people getting taken for it to avoid that. That's why they created this regggd filing stuff that gives you an exemption. So you don't have to go sell public shares on New York Stock Exchange. You can do it privately through a private offering and that can be done in two forms where you bring in accredited investors only or you bring in both. And so that gives you that option. But to yes to answer your question, your first set of documents are typically around that range like you mentioned. the deal can pay for those FYI and then andor some people pay for them in advance and get reimbursed but the deal should be paying for that at the end of the day. It's all built into the cost of the deal just FYI. Okay. And then that cost will go down. So your the attorneys that we have in the back end that uh in the vendors and systems PDF for you. There's three uh securities attorneys in there. Your first set of documents will be right around there. Your second set should be about half of that. And then as you get going, because they're all pretty much templated at that point, you're really just paying for the attorney to put their signature on them because that's really what matters. Yeah. Which is how you don't just want to use a whole bunk template. You can go and print one down. I mean, I get it. I've seen it. Um I've had people use those, right? And everything was fine until it wasn't fine and then the deal went south, right? The deal went south and it wasn't even their fault the deal went south. Just markets and things happened. and be this is what's going to go down. Things go south and someone's going to go lose 50 or 100 grand. The first call they're going to make is to you and then if you're not doing a good job, the next call is going to be their attorney. And then their attorney is going to call you. And then the first question their attorney is going to ask is say, "Hey, you know, Allan, who did your documents for you?" Because your response to them is that template off, you know, Google or whatever site. Yeah. I mean, you might as well just turn around, put handcuffs on you. Yeah. Put handcuffs on you and go walk yourself to the local jail. Yeah. Because it's going to be You're going to pray to the baby Lord Jesus that you did this the correct way. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I get it. Yeah. Yeah. That makes trust me. I get it. It's an upfront cost, but the deals pay for them. U they're designed to pay for them. Uh and it's worth it weight gold. Just because I've heard horror stories. I mean, literally one of the securities attorneys that's in the back end uh with PPM lawyers, the reason he's a lawyer in the securities exchange industry is because his dad got put in jail for securities fraud. No. So, he went through it. Why? And his dad didn't do anything wrong. He just didn't do the documentation. Okay. Right. Okay. So, because of that, he was doing everything he thought right being a stand-up individual. But because he didn't follow the process required. Okay. It's a glitching, you know, and it's like a good person to jail for doing Right. Yeah. Yeah. I get it. Yeah. So, based on that, then I guess would you recommend I target, you know, something maybe a 20 unit and above property to pay off that initial investment or you can. Yeah. Even the smaller ones will I I see where you're going with it just because of economies of scale, right? But just know kind of think of it like this. Your first deal is always going to take the brunt of a lot of the initial I call it sunk cost because like I said those documents are now repeatable once you get once. And so your second set will be less and less and less. So yeah, I get it. If you're going to be syndicating, sure, the bigger the deal, the better. Um it's just a matter of your ability to take it down, too. So that's why say 10 10 to 30 units is a sweet spot. Mhm. Your first deal. And sure, if you can go for 30 units and make it happen, by all means. Um, you know, let's Our first one was 27. Yeah. And I And I had to raise $898,000 for my first deal. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'm not I never money in my life. I was scared to death because we put it into escrow. I I'll never forget the day too because you know we're going after putting the LOI we're competing against two other people and I actually you get a call from the broker that hey you guys got it we're going to send you over the signed letter LOI and I remember sitting there like super excited we got it because I knew it was a good deal but also going holy like this is real now and now I got to go get the money and you get right I'd had a talks with lenders about the lending side so that I had reasonably under control, right? I' not really raised any money had started the process and so I had to learn all that on the fly for my first deal. Right. Right. Right. Yeah. I bought a lot of houses over time and I've got three houses that are rentals right now. I manage one myself and then I have Birkshshire Hathaway manage one and then a third party manage the other one. Yep. So with that said, I mean would you discourage me I mean from targeting a 30 unit? No. Not at all. Yeah, but any any larger than that probably. But once again, it comes down to price per unit. So, go get a 35 unit that was at $55 to $60,000 per unit. That capital, it it all comes down to the capital raising, right? Trying to keep your capital raised. If you do have to raise some money from OPM, other people's money to keep that somewhere between three to 600 grand for your first deal. Yeah. somewhere in that pocket because it's very very it's relatively easy to raise that if you have a good deal, right? And then you'll go through that process of doing that and then the confidence level is going to rise because now you're going to execute and you're going to say, "Okay, yeah, that was a lot to go through, but now it's done and I remember the process, so it's going to get better the second time and better the third time." Right. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I've got 100% confidence with you and my team, so we're I think we're good there. So, I love it. I know that Austin listen about tax strategy real quick. Sure. Sure. Oscar, you there? There he is. Yeah. Then we have probably time for one or two more if that's okay. But yeah, I know I think Ryan had a question too after that, but Oscar and Robbie, I don't know if you had a question before we finish up or you're good. Cool. All right, Oscar, you there? I'm going to unmute you if you're there. If not, we'll let Ryan. Can I continue the questions or you think that it's enough for now? Um, for now, yeah, just to be respectful so we can maybe get a couple others from some other folks real quick. Oh, Oscar, let me come on. Okay, you hear me? There you go. Got you now, Oscar. Yep. Yes. Hi. How are you? So, I know everybody must have done uh their taxes, so I It is tax day. Mine are automatic extensions. I don't know about anybody else's. Uh, yeah. Not mine. So my my primary income is W2 as of now. So consulting with the CPA and doing some of the research, uh, everybody says like the short-term rental loophole might be a good way to offset some of my active W2 federal tax commitments, right? Yeah, you can do cost. Yeah, you can do cost seg on short term. Plus, even if you do cost, I think there's a you're right, there is a loophole. um through the short-term rental. Correct. So, I think I'm going to pursue that. But I just wanted to make sure if I'm doing this multif family syndication deal, I won't be able to do that income against this, right? Uh well, it depends. So, most people that have a W2, as I start to put more time into this, and you only need to showcase, I think it's 700 hours a year, which ends up being uh is it 30 hours a uh as I know it's 500. Oh, it's 500. I'll double check that because it is changing, but let's say it was 500. 500 is for the short term is what? But I don't So, are you saying that even the multif family would qualify for the same? Well, yeah, because all you're trying to do is get the real estate professional designation. That's all you're trying to accomplish. So that way your tax preparer can say, "Yeah, he's doing such and such as a job, but he's also managing some real estate and putting x amount of time. Therefore, he's technically a real estate professional, too." So now when that boss comes through, right, and a negative K1 from your multifamily deal, you're going to apply that not only to capital gains, but also your W2 ordinary income and write them both off. And that's the holy grail. Okay. So, uh it's not just for Airbnb kind of strategy. I can do it for this too. Oh, 100%. Yeah. I would say even more so uh on on the multif family commercial in general, commercial real estate in general. I mean, the the cost seg bonus depreciation process is how you I mean, that's this is how the game works. I mean, this is how you're able to avoid massive taxes. Yeah. So the bonus depreci maybe I'm I'm not an expert but at least this is just my research knowledge and I'm talking to some tax strategist. One more thing why Airbnb consider is because it's for short-term rentals where the average stay they say is less than seven days. So for a regular long-term rental it doesn't qualify because it is not short-term. Well it may not Yeah. Yeah. your bonus depreciation is it has nothing to do with time at the property. It has everything to do with the the economics of doing it. So the reason that people don't even do it on single family, which you can by the way, you can do bonus depreciation on single family properties. It just doesn't make financial sense. So the only time it starts to make financial sense is when you get into a scale of properties where there's enough to go pay56 $7,000 for a cost segregation study and then use that study to depreciate and bonus depreciate the asset because that I mean that's the cost of those studies on average for yeah you're going to be somewhere between5 to $7,000 for a cost segregation study. Okay. Yeah. So cost segregation yes we can do it in either kind of assets. Second is uh the average stay that was the cost and then the the most important thing is can I pass through my rental incomes in this case to offset against my active income which is my W2. I mean that that's if you're if you're classified yeah if you're classified as a real estate professional. So, this is why we were talking about earlier. There's a certain number of hours you would need to dedicate per year to managing real estate and then your CPA can designate you as a real estate professional in addition to your current career and then you do get the holy grail right off. Okay. So, yeah. The key is the designation. So, the way some people do it, one of our other um clients is he's a surgeon, right? So hype very very high paying surgeon and but his wife is a real estate professional like she's stay at home mom but also has a real estate license doesn't sell real estate I mean I think she's one house a year maybe but because of that designation they file taxes jointly now he goes and buys real estate they do the cost seg they bring all that negative K1 right negative K1 dollars through and he writes off all his surgeon income I mean when he figured this out he thought he's like Justin, I don't even care if I don't make cash flow on any of these properties. I'm just going to not pay taxes for the rest of my life. And I said, there you go. There you go. Yeah. Unfortunately, both me and my wife, we both our W2s, so we really can't do so. Thank you. Yeah. So, one way to get around that is the the number of hours per year. And I it's either five or 700 per year that you would need to be able to showcase, but it's that's pretty easy to do if you're putting in a few hours a week managing stuff. Yeah. Yeah. 500 500 is what I was told or what I read. Yeah. Uh through some podcast and other stuff. So that way you get the designation and you can um you can ride off against your active as well as your uh capital gains. Yeah. And then so the thing I wanted to clarify with you is that that could only that strategy could be only applied for Airbnb because of that seven the average stay is seven days but in the multif family you don't qualify and I'm not a real estate professional. So that's basically the differentiation I wanted. Oh I got you well well you can still do it under multif family. You just need to make sure you can showcase the number of hours you spend. Yes. Yeah. That's all. Yeah. Yeah. I see what you're saying. You're saying you don't need to even need uh um showcase that qualification with short term. And that is true. That's true. Yeah. In the short term. Yeah. That's the reason why because I can't showcase my full time. Yeah. So the so the short term would be at least right now more beneficial until you can showcase the time. Yeah. Okay. All right. Thank you. Great. Great question. Um we got a chance for maybe one real quick. I know Ryan had one. Yeah. Yeah. Real quick. Um, as far as cost segregation or even um the lawyer fees for your closing cost, you'd be increasing that percentage on your first deal to account for all of those things. You can. Yep. And just Yeah, you can. Especially if it's a smaller deal as well. It's just knowing that there is some That's why economies of scale do make sense. So, when they say go for bigger deals, I understand why. Like, they're not wrong in that. It's just a matter of you actually being able to execute. And so that's why the 10 to 30 unit space is the sweet spot. And of course, if you can lock down a 30 unit, then yeah, you're spreading the cost over more units. It's clearly more beneficial. It's just can execute. Yeah, we only have the 12 units, you know, at a 6% closing cost. Is that going to cover all that? I don't know. Uh, it should be pretty close. It should be pretty close. It depends on how much of an acquisition fee you want to take. So, look into that. I mean, 2% ideal. Three would be even better. You may you could probably, you know, pump that up a little bit if you wanted to between the six to 7%, but that should cover that. Yeah. Okay. And then if we're going to go the LLC route for the um operating agreement for syndication, do we still need a lawyer to review or create? I mean, you can take an LLC operating agreement because that's pretty boilerplate. Um you probably want one just to review it in general, just but you don't need to do the whole enchilada, especially if it's a lot of people, you know. Do you have a template for that for? Yeah, if you go into the back end, there is the multiple there's four documents in there. One of them is the LLC operating agreement. You would just take that one out. Um, it's a PDF. I couldn't give you a word document, but as I was mentioning last week, there is a software called small PDF.com. Yes, you may want to look into it. That's all I'm saying. You may want to look into it. Cool. I mean, it could it could convert the PDF into a Word doc. Maybe, I don't know. And then you could have an attorney just breeze through it. Maybe, I don't know, stuff like that. Yeah. Got it. Thank you. You know, the attorney I have to be careful with that. As you know, it's wonderful attorneys. They they they allowed us to put the purchase agreement in there um because that was fine, but the the actual SEC docs, we could only do PDFs. So, um awesome everybody. Well, yeah. This was good. I hope everybody with the questions that came in, that was great from Samira and with Luis. Um, and then I know Tony and Ryan, you guys are working on that deal right now. Samir, you guys are in escrow, too. That's great. Um, but yeah, chime into us if there's deals you're working on or looking at, you know, and that's let's get everybody to jump off the cliff. My uh my goal in here is to have everybody that's in here all nine faces, 10 faces, um, by the end of Q2. Right. Right. So, now we got here we are April, May, June. By the end of June, all of you are going to be in escrow. It's required. Or I'm going to have you send me a $10,000 check. Just kidding. It's good. That's what my mentee, my mentor did to me. That's what he I mean, it worked. Scared the crap out of me, but it worked. So, awesome everybody. I hope everybody has a good evening. Thanks for coming on here tonight and um we will be in touch. Thanks, Justin. Thanks, Justin.