Oh, Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Come on in. Happy Tuesday, Ernest. Good to see you. Allan, Bruce, Roy or Rory, Leandra, good to see you. And I see uh Christine in here. Joshua, good to see you, Josh. And then um [Music] Louise is coming in. I want to Hey, I wanted to make sure too that um who here is using the software and have you gotten your free because you get it for uh 90 days like to use it at no charge? Who here uh has that access right now? I know that um because I saw let's see I think Ernest do you have it? I know that. What software? Yeah, this is our real estate. Our real estate radar. Uh, this one, it's our deal finding software. Okay. I thought that was free for seven days. Yeah, I thought it was seven. Uh, no. You as a men mentee, you guys get it included for three months. I sure wished I'd known. Well, you get it now. Don't worry. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're getting it now. Yeah. Don't Don't you worry. Let me get let me give you guys the link and then the coupon code to check out with. Okay. Oh, perfect. Just make sure and then um you know, Zach may reach out to you guys just to make sure that uh you don't have any issues um with it. So, one second here. Let's make sure. Cool. So, that is the link I'm putting in the chat. And then the the coupon should be 149 off. So, let me just make sure when you go on there, I'll share my screen so that way everybody has it. Um, so this kind of go this is real estate radar.ai. you can go on and kind of see everything it includes and all that stuff. We demo it right here. Um but everything that's in there, you know, take a little bit of time to get comfortable with it. There's a whole um like when you guys get into your back end on it. Um there's a whole help section in the knowledge base here, okay? Where you can ask it anything that you want it to do and it'll it'll tell you. Um, so just FYI, but I wanted to kind of go through that and then um I'll showcase a little bit of that uh app on Thursday, uh, your community app and stuff like we talked about last week. Um, to kind of maneuver around on that. I'm going to share my screen for that on Thursday. Um, so that way we can get everybody really utilizing the mobile app. Make sure it's downloaded, you're in, utilizing it for communication, uh, based on your region as well. So that way we can collaborate, network, capital, finding deals, all that stuff that's really, really important um in this process. So, but when you come in, there's a support side of it, too. I mean, you can reach out to us, but I mean, anything in here about how to do XYZ, uh, it's all built into the back end. You just come down here to the knowledge base. Click on that when you're in the back end. Once you're in, um, but this has everything in there from, I mean, you'll come into your lead section here. You'll get single family, which is property leads, commercial leads, which is all the multifamily. You can also get set up for um if you were going to wholesale, be an investor in wholesale deals. This actually helps you find LLC investors, flippers all over the country. Kind of like does anybody know what Investor Lift is? Is anybody familiar with Investor Lift at all? Anybody heard of that? But that's a software a lot of um you know flippers and investors use to find other wholesalers, flippers and stuff around the country. Anyhow, this is kind of built into the software. Similar, not as robust as investor lift, but it's not bad. It's not bad. But anyhow, you'll see that in there, but you know, play around with it. You have the full access. Um so when you come in here, you know, put in your name just hypothetically for a minute. This is a test here. I always put in some random numbers. Uh, maybe that does it. Eight. Let's do that. Eight d. And then if I come in here and I put 149 off, click apply. Should take it off. Be zeroed out. And then you'll just, you know, put in your credit card. Um, set it all up. Make sure you click this box, click submit, and that should get you access. You'll get an immediate email from the software to get you your login instructions, and then you'll be able to get into the back end to set everything up, and it should look uh just like this when you come in. Um, but to give you an example, if you were going to be looking in, I don't know, we can go to Ohio, we can go any state we want right now. Um, this is the direct to owner approach, right? Right. So, you have the direct to broker approach, which is utilizing the local brokers, making the connections, the networking, all the stuff that we teach, which is usually the best approach in the beginning because it requires the least amount of time and effort per se, uh, versus scouring, you know, deal by deal. But both angles work and they're both great to have. So, that's why we have this and we're providing this to you guys. Um, but let's say we want to go commercial leads. I don't need that right now. you'll get some AI credits and stuff. Um, but I don't know. Let's go into Houston for the day. I have some preset stuff in here. Just going to load it on up. I can come up here into my filters. And usually the best ones to um filter by is going to be by unit count. So, I went, you know, 10 to 40 unit deals. And then I'm going to go to loan information, mortgage information. And I want maturity date from let's say, you know, 0 uh 6. Whoops. Let's do 06. to I don't know zero. Let's do 12. Whoops. 12 31206. So all the way through the end of next year, loans that are maturing because what are things that I know when a loan matures? What has to happen, right? They have to either sell it or refinance the property. There's one of two things happening when a when a property when a loan's maturing, the owner has two options. You refinance it or you sell it. That's it. So it actually gives you a pretty nice little lead to say, "Hey, are you what are you planning to do? Are you planning to refinance this property? You plan to sell it? I mean, what are you looking for? So, it's a great kind of tea off um in locating deals. So, let me see here the results. I got I narrowed it down pretty tight. Um so, it looks like we got 56 units here or 56 deals in the Houston market. These are all 10 to 40 unit buildings, right? And then I can take all these technically highlight them all add it added it to my leads list which is over here. Then I can come in and skip trace it right for phone numbers, emails, all that stuff. And or I can direct mail to them, right? I can set up all the direct mailing, do postcards, letters, everything from the system. So all the marketing is in here for direct mail, all that in. So you can do the outreach digitally or the outreach physically. Um it'll also have email campaigns and stuff you can bring into it. You can save it to your CRM, which is in the contact section right here. And then you can do a lot of data and stuff in there. So, if I came in here and I wanted to save it, I would save it. Then I'd come over here to my um you see, did I put it in my properties? Maybe. I think I put it in my properties. Yeah. So, then in here, you can actually come in and start pulling data and stuff on each deal. And you can tag them, highlight them, do all kinds of stuff. And then you can actually put them into uh a pipeline. So if you actually were starting to um get information on this, the owner con, you know, responded to you, etc., you can come in here and add notes, add anything you want and put them into an actual pipeline to where now it's called a scrum board, right? Scrum board is a pipeline. That's what they call it where now you're in kind of a due diligence phase or making an offer or looking at it and all that stuff. So you actually have what's called your scrum board where you can move things back and forth into opportunity. I'm evaluating it. I'm working on it. I'm closing on it. All that stuff in your scrum board. So, and this is just kind of little deals and stuff back and forth, but all kinds of cool stuff in here um that you can utilize. And it's a good little software. Good little software. Uh any questions on it that I can show you real quick? And then Bruce, I know you're in Are you in Huntsville right now? I am. Yeah. And I know that you um you met with a couple brokers. They were younger ones and so you were looking at some other options while you're there. When do you take off? Tomorrow or another day? Tomorrow evening. Okay. Yeah. Um, is there any um have you driven I guess the neighborhoods and stuff? Have you done all that kind of I I did a good amount of driving today. Okay. What I even I looked at it I looked at one that that one of the brokers um mentioned that was on market earlier this year or late last year and it went off. I drove by and as I was driving by, I couldn't help but think, you know, what a shitty apartment complex this is. And I had my phone, you know, raised up out the passenger window just doing a video driving by and two of the people flipped me off as I was doing it. So, you know, kind of a good indicator of Yeah. to Yeah. Anyway, that's the international sign for Hey, you're pretty cool. Yeah. So, yeah, it's I mean, to be honest, it's been a little disappointing and and frustrating and and it's made me, you know, think about this market and meaning Yeah. the Huntsville. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's just dead here right now. Okay. And is that because I know you were mentioning they've built a lot of class A stuff. Um, right. Is that what I'm understanding? It it is. And it's just had and it's had a pretty substantial effect on the entire market. Is it over supplied right now? Yes, it is. It's over supplied. Rents are are pushed down, you know, especially at the four and five star level or, you know, uh, the better property level. But it has affected everything and there just isn't anything for sale. So yeah, so what's happened is at least temporarily um because keep in mind in some markets you like you don't want to sell right now unless you have to sell. So, there's a sell and you're either um stressed, meaning you're in a bad loan and you have to get out of it and if you can't refinance, then you sell, right? So, that's a stressed situation. Um otherwise, they're holding on to them. And then you'll have a few, it depends on the deal flow and population, but yeah, if the population is not great enough where there's enough turnover in deal flow, then you have to definitely widen the approach on the markets. um and going into a few other ones or some larger markets nearby which I know you're looking at. Correct. Yes, I I am. Yeah. Um so some of that kind of population growth because Huntsville is a great market but it is a smaller market. So if there's not enough deal turnover um you know getting into some wider markets where you do see greater flow um is helpful is helpful like the larger MSAs. So, well, soon as I get back Thursday, it's interesting that you brought up the uh the the proper the real estate radar because I was going to inquire about that. Come on in. So, you guys get the uh So, you'll click that link I just put in there. Use that coupon code 149 off and that'll it'll zero everything out for you. And um that's good for 90 days to get in there, play around with it, get comfortable, utilize it. It's kind of the direct to owner approach. Um, yeah, very good software. We've spent a lot of time on it. It has the AI built into it and everything. What's cool, too, is um, let me go in here to our back to our leads here. I went into Houston. But, you know, if I clicked on any of these guys um, and came in here, I can run targeted match. So, let's say I looked at this building, a little 12 unit, and I'm like, "Dude, I really like this thing." This one's pending, by the way, but I really like this thing, but owner's not getting back to me. This is definitely the style of property I want. Well, I can click this targeted AI match. It's going to utilize the address investment type. I want to, you know, buy a property that's more turnkey. Find a property to, you know, blah blah blah. Buy at a discount, flip, or hold. Let's say I want to buy something that's a little bit more turnkey. I want to match properties within a radius of 10 miles or 20 miles or whatever it is. Let's say 10 miles. And I want to just do not bullseye. We can aim. So, we just want it good. And then I can click some results and it'll show me properties around there that are somewhat similar, right? In style and setup and all that stuff. So, it's pretty cool. So, that way, you know, if you do, if you are driving by, there's an app to it called LeadFlow. Um, so the app is not ours, but it does connect into it. So that's called Leadflow. You can download that. So that way if you're driving around like you are right now, Bruce, let me just make sure. Um, because you'll sign in. It's it's all included in part of it. Um, let me just make sure. Yeah. So it's called lead flow. Lead flow. So it'll look I don't know if you can see that. Can't see it on the screen there. Yeah, you can't see it on the screen. So, it's called Lead Flow, but when you have your login credentials here on the desktop, you'll download that app called Lead Flow. Lead Flow from your Apple Store or Google and you can log right into it with the same credentials. And that way, if you're driving around, you can literally type in any address or you can take I think it'll let you take a photo of it and it'll pull up all the data. and allow you to add it to your CRM, put notes in it, all the stuff you want, and then go back and you can start a marketing campaign towards that property. So, yeah. So, but you guys all get it. You get it for being here. So, um, cool. I see, uh, Maria or Myra, sorry, Myra. Uh, Rex is in here. Beautiful. Steve, good to see you. Hey, Steve. How's that deal going up in um in Cleveland right now? Uh we are actually getting real close to uh to starting the renovation work. I paid for the finish of the debt and some architecture that needed to be done to secure the permits through the city. Yep. And uh just got the last piece of the equity put together uh Friday. So now it's just uh going through the final phase of underwriting with the uh the lender and we're on our way. Okay. And then was that was that one you needed equity for or you're looking for people in the community wanted to look at that with you because that's in Cleveland, Ohio. That's a good market. It is. It's a really good market and it's a fantastic it's got an extremely attractive back end to this deal. So, um, just remembering the multiplier is close to 4x on the multiplier with the with the commercial component installed in that. I think the irr is high 20s, honestly. Well, no, because I remember because the tax abatement has a big key to it. Yeah. Yeah, it does. So, you know, and the price point on it was extremely low going in. It was less than 14,000 a unit on the purchase. Yeah. Um it does need a a full-blown renovation on the deal, but that was fully anticipated. Um yeah, and I've already had communication with the head of Kuya Hoga Metropolitan Housing Authority, which is basically HUD. Yeah. In in Cleveland. Um they have they offer slightly higher FMRS than the actual HUD program does in Cleveland because they have about a threeyear plus waiting period for people looking for housing. So when I met with them and I told them what the program was, they knew the building uh exactly and uh are offering 100% FMR out of the gate. They want the entire building. So Wow. Um, so what um what's the minimum and are you looking for cogps or just limited partners? Um, actually I'm open I'm open to both. So, you know, I was starting at initial investments at at 50,000 a piece. I can go down as low as 25 and right now I'm I'm only in the range of needing 250 to 300,000 to put the equity all together. So, yeah. So, if there's anybody in here and we can shoot it out to the community as well. Um, and you may want to put it into the app. Uh, yeah, I'll I'll upload the Yeah, if there's anybody you want to chime in here in the chat with Steve, um, if you're looking in the Cleveland and Ohio market, this could be a great opportunity to co-GP with Steve. Uh, you know, and basically help help on the upper side as a co-general partner. Um or even if you know anybody on the limited partner side or you want to but sounds like a pretty interesting and like and like uh you you text me also you know if it's on the limited side partner you know if it's if it's basically just a loan of the money then yeah I'm I'm okay that the 13% annualized return is is very achievable. So yeah. Yeah. Looks like Rory may have some interest in earnest as well. So you guys can chime in in the chat here. Well the other there there's another component of this too as well. There's uh the lot across the street on the on the main uh boulevard, which is Superior Avenue, and a lot directly behind uh this this uh building um is owned by the county through the land bank. And I've had negotiate negotiations with them for to use either one of those locations as parking for the retail component of the building. and they've agreed to sell me either one of those parcels for thousand bucks. So, well, no, it's crazy is I mean this is what happens when you get into um a market where in Cleveland where they want a lot of development and they need people that will you know it's it's risky but it's not risky, right? It's only but information is what reduces the risk and you know all the information which makes it amazing. So, and the nice thing about this is this this is really it's kind of a let's see it's one, two, three. It's like a five point. It's like at the intersection of where five streets come almost right together. Yep. You know, it's kind of a pieshaped type lot. Um the units um are very large for the you know for the side like the three-bedroom units on there's six three-bedroom units that stack on on either end on the short narrow street on Superior that have got like a little turret on them and so they're they're close to,400 square feet. Y which is fairly sizable unit. And then what I'm also doing because as you know section 8 or HUD is all you know the fair market rents are based on bedrooms right is I'm taking the I'm taking 20 of the 30 two-bedroom units and I'm turning those into threebedroom because they have two sitting rooms in them. Ah, so it's actually it's actually increasing those by another couple hundred bucks. Yeah, like two to $300 a month each. Yeah. So, um Yeah. I mean, and it's it's no more space, right? It's the same space. It's the same space. We're we're just taking out where the old furnace used to be and creating a little bit of a hallway, putting a a um closet in the in the one sitting room, calling it a bedroom, and it'll be there'll be three bedrooms, so it'll be a little bit on the smaller side, but Yeah. And we may have I mean I'll know here in the next probably by the end of this month um you know we're we're raising and just everybody knows here too because we love to to be able to partner with um you know mentees and students on deals at a certain you know size and stuff. Um but yeah we may have funds available through our fund that could to this. So we'll we'll see. But yeah, I want to open it up to anybody that wants to you look at this as a cogp with you or even LP. Um, so there's another deal, Justin, we should talk about in Cleveland, too, which is that uh conversion of that um high-rise office building to 104 units on the west side of Cleveland, which is the uh the more affluent side of Cleveland. That's uh that's all total with purchase and renovations of conversion, probably a $20 million deal. Okay. It's got extremely big upsides also. Yeah. And the office conversion market is uh still a big ticket. I mean, I was just reading an article. If any of you guys want to follow it, it's called CR Daily. Sorry, I think it's called Daily.com. No, hold on. I can tell you. You guys should follow it. It's a good um good little uh there's two things you can follow. One is uh CR daily. Trying to get to the actual articles here. Um, so the one thing that's different about this high-rise compared to some of the other ones that you're going to see that are offices, um, offices are typically structural steel frame buildings. Yeah. This one's cast in place concrete. Oh. So, it's a it's a little easier conversion. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. CRA Daily is a great little newsletter you can follow. And then there's Cred. I think Cred IQ is another one if you guys want kind of good um see if I pull that up. That's another really good one um [Music] for just data and research and just general market information. Uh let me get to their website here. Trying to pull up their data. bread IQ blog. Yeah, here you go. This would be another one for everybody, too. You can follow both of those. Totally free services. Um, but great little newsletters for monthly commercial real estate in general, but it'll break it down by multif family and stuff, too, and markets and stuff. are great to get in your inbox first thing in the morning, peruse through it, and you're done. But great data just to stay up on it. Um Rex, how you doing, sir? I see you in here. You're quiet. Rex is newer. And then, um Joshua as well, so just wanted to make sure I acknowledge you guys, so maybe you're driving and stuff, but thanks for chiming in. Um Rory, how are you doing? Doing good. I just got to get busy. I hear you man. It's uh you know I think uh let me ask you a question. Would it be beneficial for everybody here if uh I forced like a deal analyzing challenge meaning like putting in place on a weekly basis um you know six to eight like may call it a six to eight deal analyzation challenge, right? So, whoever can hit that, um, you know, we're setting and we could even set up some kind of, uh, winnings for it where we do some more one-on-one time and stuff, too. But I, that way I get everybody in the process of finding, analyzing, right? Writing offers, finding, analyzing, writing offers, which gets you into the motion momentum regardless. Um, so that's what I would really love to see. just even if you're throwing crap at the wall to see what sticks, like the the whole point behind it is to get into the motion of it because it'll just get you out of kind of a little bit of a rut that you may feel like you're in to just look at a deal, analyze it, literally throw an LOI out to the broker. I mean, literally just for shits and giggles, like if you do nothing else other than throw it out. Um, I think that about um I I think a lot too is I've been trying to look at it where I'm just trying to not make my not make a big mistake on my first one. I'm just overanalyzing it and just trying to find that perfect deal. And then I've also been uh just listening to other podcasts and things like that and and I think I got to leverage the community that we have more like just just on that deal that you're having with Steve. You know what I mean? Sometimes maybe the maybe the best way to me to get into my first deal is partner with someone that's kind of has a little bit further along than I am that you know but you know obviously I got to bring something to the to the table too. You know what I mean? Right. Well, yeah. And remember, I mean, there's different avenues, and that kind of brings me to my next point. Um, and Josh, you said you turned in you for the review. I just want to make sure the team gets it. Uh, did you send it into the email? Uh, yes. Support at multifamily. Yeah. Just making sure the team gets it. Um, because they did not mention that one. So that's why I want to make sure when I just saw your note there. Did you get a bounce back on the email by chance? I'm just trying to see if there was um No. No. Okay. Okay. What we'll do when we get off here, I'll check with the uh the team. We'll send you an email and then you can just respond directly uh back. Okay. I have another meeting at 4:30, so I'll be jumping off here in two minutes. Okay, great. Um, yeah, what I was going to mention is, um, in in speaking of kind of what can be brought to the table, uh, by different people and how you kind of what we call earned equity, right? Earnin. Let me show you this. So, this is kind of how partnerships can be put together and how they typically are put together on multifamily. Uh, don't worry about this here. I'll hide that cuz that's for like flips and stuff. But focus on this for a minute and let me zoom in. But if you were going to find ways to earn your way in, as they say, you bring different attributes to every deal. Everything from sourcing the deal, doing the due diligence on the initial deal itself, boots on the ground, because if maybe you're the person that's local and your other partner's out of state, the boots on the ground person, right? Asset management. This is after you close the escrow and you're managing the managers. There's some roles and responsibilities in that to ensure the property operates correctly. The loan guarantor, the person signing on the loan, the person putting up the initial capital into the deal and then raising money. So, this literally allows you in this case like if it get it's a it's a formula down here for raising money. So, if I came in here and let's say we had to raise I don't know 500 grand, right? If that was it, I'd have to make sure Doom. Make sure this formula is accurate here. 50,000. Yeah, we'll pro. I mean, it may be a different percentage than that, but we'll just leave it at such. Um, it it allocates up to 30%, right? 30% for capital raising. So, that's why it has this.3 in here. Um, but if if it's $50,000, that's what this is for here. $50,000 minimum investment. I'm going to keep that the same. Then if I just came in here and if we knew we were going to raise a half million bucks and I raised 150, right, that would give me a percentage of the GP. We would probably change this a little bit. So that would be a little bit better percentage, but you get the point, right? You get the point. Plus, you get capital fees on top of that. So typically, uh, you know, of 150 grand that you raise, you're going to get 3% on that, right? So what is that? Is that uh 4,500 bucks? Is that right? If I'm not mistaken, should be 4,500 bucks. Yeah. So, you'd get a $4,500 check plus you'd get a percentage of the general partnership for raising 150 grand. Um, don't worry about the percentage here. We would mess with the numbers, but you get the point. There's earning based upon a responsibility. Responsibility. I see Luis. What's up you guys? It's great to be here. See everyone. Um, really quick. So, Justin, yeah. How are you dealing with high interest rates, higher like 7%, right? So the the cost of borrowing money is expensive if you're not versus showing up with cash. So if you're not going to show up with cash to a deal, how are you dealing with that where like let's say sellers, they don't want to come down on the price. They're like, "Nope, you got to pay me all cash." Or we're like, "Well, it's really expensive to borrow money, so I can't really show up. It doesn't justify the high price. So, how do you deal with that? Yeah. So, I'll usually I mean it depends on the seller's uh motivation, right, to sell. But if if their loan is not assumable, let's say their loan is not assumable, so we have to get a new loan or the seller can finance it for us, right? Or we bring in cash. Those are really the three options. So, let's say uh we can't bring in all the cash because that's too much and then it doesn't make financial sense. So, now we're down to two options. Either seller helps us finance the deal or we get a brand new loan. And if the seller says, "Hey, I can't I can't help you finance it, then you say, "Well, we have to go get out and get a loan, sir." And right now interest rates, and I don't care if it's me or Joe Blow down the street. Any loan on your property is going to be at 7.25% interest rate. That's just where the that's where the rates are at. And so backing into the numbers, I mean, in order for me to purchase this and bring in myself with some a couple investors, the numbers have to make sense. And the bank needs a certain debt coverage ratio in order to give us a loan. And all these things have to line up, as I'm sure you know. And if they're in La La Land and they don't want to come to terms with it, well, then unfortunately, they're not going to sell that property. Got it. They're just not. And unless I mean, you can make them an offer. So, what I'll usually do is I will just back into a number that I know works based on decent variables and I will make them an offer and then I will explain why and then I'll almost give them, hey, I'll talk to the broker and say, hey, listen, would the seller consider I mean, because you guys are listed at one two all the numbers I'm looking at, unless you can show me something different, you broker John, I can only give you, you know, 980,000. I wish I could give you a million two. But if the interest rates were lower, John, I probably could give you a million too. But because of the market right now, this is what is going to work because the bank, me, everybody, that's just what works. So if you can drop interest rates tomorrow, Mr. John broker, then I can give you a million, too. But that's not happening because none of us control that. So this is the offer based on today's market. So we have a couple options. Can the seller finance the deal for us at better terms? Because if that's the case, then maybe I can give you a million two if the seller will, you know, keep X amount dollars in and finance the purchase for us for the next few years, right? I'm not saying it has to be some long-term financing deal, but for the next few years until we get into a better interest rate environment and I can refinance him out or her out. Great. Does that make sense? That makes sense. What I'm finding is a lot of push back and I don't know if it's the broker's games or what they're doing. Like I deal with broker middlemen like in my job. So I'm used to that but it's coming back to me like so nope sorry I have a cash offer and I can't go below a certain number and I'm like well who that's arbitrary. Who's saying that? These are numbers right? Prove to me because I just want to buy the property but I'm like you. I it needs to make sense. It needs to be logical. Well and and keep in mind it's all relative to uh your competition. Meaning, if there is a cash offer on the table, then that's it is what it is. I mean, you can't compete with that. And if somebody's willing to pay X amount based on a cash offer, then so be it, right? I mean, that could happen. Um, it's uh it's a little more rare that they're coming in. I mean, I'm a little shocked that someone would come in with all cash, but the reason that happens, I'm also I'm also shocked that what I'm also hearing because we we're submitting LOIs. We're doing we are crunching numbers. We're underwriting deals all the time, right? And we're working actively. Um, what I'm also shocked at is that people are showing up and there's they won't budge on either the the price and like it doesn't matter because I know the deal analyzer that you've created, your team has created is really good, right? I know it's really sound. So when I present it, I feel very confident, but it's not being met because people just want to make money, right? That's that's what it feels like. And you're like, so I'm trying to get my head around it as the buyer. What can we do? But we really can't do much. You know what I mean? And yeah, and remind me which market you're submitting in right now. Could be. Could be. Well, we're Oh, sorry. We're at Dallas and San Antonio. Those are the two markets that were like Dallas Fort Worth. And we definitely have like you know what's what's what's odd what's odd is those markets are getting hammered right now meaning o over supply of inventory. That's what I was going to say last thing and I I will shut up is that people bought really high a few the prices were high a few years ago and they're like oh man I have a balloon payment due now or next year I need to pay it off but they're o they're underwater right and we saw this in 2008. So, I don't really know. It's like I don't know what to tell the seller. It's like, I'm sorry, you're going to have to eat like 900 grand. I don't know what to tell you, you know? I mean, yeah, because they they have a couple options. It's a coming to Jesus moment. Um, and we're in that market, so I know it very very well. And yes, so the Texas market, great opportunities, but you got to you got to dig in. Um, because it is an overs supplied market in the short term. I can tell you based on all the data, it's going to improve drastically by this time next year. Got it. So, if you can get in now, you're kind of like, you know, getting in at the right timing because all the construction that's been built, right, the over supply that's hit the market over the last year and a half and some change from all the new stuff that then has depressed the other stuff that's not new. Um, it's going to come to a head. you're going to have a supply cliff coming then would it be then to to that point would it be a smart thing to buy on the higher side right now and you know I know I need to shut up but would you know like if the price is higher we know that it's going to turn tick upward would that be a smart move in your opinion um no because that's a little bit of a hope and pray now I'm not you know because you don't know I mean the book could come to an end over seven. Now, it's reasonable to presume that in a few years they'll be compressed by a point or so. That's fair. So, go from a six to a five or seven to a six, you know, that's fair. Um, and then in terms of rent growth, yeah, rent growth is going to come back. I mean, but it's I mean, I would presume a normal 2 to 3% annualized rent growth, something reasonable. Um, right now, just so you know what's happened in Texas, you've seen rents drop 15 to 20%. Over the last year and a half. I was just looking at the data from co-star and apartments.com because I get some nice reports from them and I can see all the data and yeah, they they've had rent drop since middle of 2023. dropped off almost a cliff. Huge concessions, one to two months of concessions, rents dropped 15 to 20%, higher uh vacancy rates, higher delinquency rates. Uh I mean, you have properties that are struggling uh in the short term. And thank God uh and this goes down to it if you want to like mark as to why multifamily is so great if you do it correct is we never overleveraged any of our properties. Understand? the one that the the two of them that we have in there right now, the other ones we've sold, but the ones that we had in there, we have like 62 to 65% debt on them. So, we're not overleveraged. And so, we're able to ride through and literally operate at almost a 30% loss right now, you know, and just get through the tough market until we can get to the upside. But that's the ability to do that because you'll never lose in a 10-year span because never in the history has this happened. Not to say it can't, but never yet. In a 10ear span, never has a multifamily apartment building not doubled in value. M so we bought we bought a couple of ours in 2021 and 2022 which means we're probably going to have to hold them longer than we hoped into, you know, early 2030, 2031, stuff like that. And but I know darn well if we can and thank goodness we have investors alongside us right now that, you know, haven't been getting distributions, but they understand what's going on. And I talked to a few of them and they've been in the market long enough to see this is not their first rodeo either. and they're saying, "Yeah." And one of them I talked to the other day and he says, "Justin, the name of the game is holding. You will never lose if you don't have to sell. You will never lose unless you're forced to sell." So that's what you got to do. You just got to hold. But thank goodness when you have cash flowing assets or at least properties that are breaking even, it allows you to do it. And just don't overlever. That's that's the that's the name of the game. Name of the game. Um Allan, I see you. raise raised hand. Yeah. Hi. Um so just a general comment. I know the FOMC is meeting uh finishing their meeting tomorrow. I guess 2:00 Eastern time. Um J Paul is going to speak on interest rates, whatever they're going to do. So um I'm not sure anybody anybody was aware of that. I was I'm sure you are. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I mean I anticipate them staying the same right now, but you know, um I would not be surprised if they drop to the quarter point, but I don't see that happening right now. I see maybe in the fall it's possible depending on the data uh for the for the market, but you know, inflation has kind of stayed pretty pretty steady. Nothing crazy. Uh job growth is reasonable right now even amongst all the tariff stuff. So, uh, you know, it's a there's some good data, some bad data. You know, I will tell you that people are tighter, right? It's it's a generally speaking because costs are up across the board that just people are running a little tighter. Sure. Yeah. So, that that that is happening and and everybody's feeling it at all levels. So, it's just the way that it is. Right. Right. I've got a mobile home park that I'm looking at that I'm underwriting right now. And I was just wondering if I could send you guys the numbers. I mean, it wouldn't work with the tool most likely that we Well, I mean, it can it can it can generally speaking it can because you can put in, you know, uh depending on the um the unit mix or the property mix of the pads and stuff. Okay. Right. because in some cases they have either uh the the different revenue types because we own six mobile home parks. So I'll Oh, good. Okay. So, um you'll have some finish pads just I'm sorry, just blank pads that you may rent out, right? You'll have some that are some that are RV based. So, they'll have like a category of where the revenue is coming from that you can put that into the revenue portion. Okay. And then over in the expenses, just list out the expenses. And they may be a little bit different per se, right? But you can list them out and then it should flow down because really what you're looking for overall is just the overall revenue, expenses, and then other income and stuff built into it just to get an idea because it's still a rental property and so it will work in there. You would just have to title things a little differently. Yeah. Okay. All right. All right. I'll do that. Thank you. Yeah, that will work. Yeah, I would love to look at that because we're Yeah. Yeah. We I mean we own them from uh South Dakota down through Texas. six mobile home parks and yeah, love that model. It's a very good model. Um, same thing with we're not in storage facilities, but love storage. Um, and then obviously the bread and butter being multif family because I always say listen, people need three things. They need food, water, and shelter. Right? At the end of the day, the basic necessities of life, they need food, water, and shelter. And so they don't need an office building and they don't need a retail storefront. I mean it's nice, right? You have those, but it's not an absolute requirement. You need a roof over your head and that comes in the form of different ways. Apartment buildings, apartments, houses you either rent or you own, mobile home parks, tiny homes. Chatted with a guy yesterday who's doing a really well uh in Texas and um is it Colleen or Abalene? Abene or Colleen, Texas? one of the two. He's building little tiny home parks and he he was in a 46-un apartment deal that is not working that well. Um but he has a little tiny home that he's building out and short-term renting because people are because costs are higher. People are squeezing into smaller spaces, right? So it's just the way things are, you know. Yeah. I love this place because the average tenant has been there 12 years and it's 100% occupied. Yeah. So what that tells you is you can definitely raise the rents. Mhm. Yeah. Anytime you are over 95% occupied, your your your rents are too low, right? Yep. Yeah. That's with a comp show, too. And I just it's man and it's all except one home. The tenants own all the homes except for one in the entire park. So no air not too many air conditioners to go out on me. So I'm I'm really interested in this deal. But yeah, yeah, send it over to the team and us. We'd love to review it and we'll give you some feedback on it for sure. Okay. All right. Thank you. Uh Leandra, I see your hand up and then we just have a few more. So if you have a question, you know, definitely let me know. It's nice that uh we Yeah, we're trying to keep And just so you know, like if these things ever get more than right about here, which is about, you know, somewhere between that 8 to 15 people, we will open up another uh session like this because we want it to be intimate and relatively small like this. So, and we we're getting close to needing to open up another one, FYI. So, that may be another day that we let you guys know about. Uh where's Leandro? There you are, sir. Hey. Uh so, I got two questions for you today. Uh the first one is about the deal an analyzer. Um I'm trying to understand uh I noticed that if you increase your vacancy percentage in the proforma side uh your IRR goes up. I'm trying to understand why that happens because in my mind it should go down if you're increasing your are you increasing your occupancy or vacancy? Uh I think it is you're increasing your vacancy. Can you can you are you able to share your screen? Let me see if I can make sure it gives you the permission. Hold on one second. Uh I think if you just open the do analyzer, you will. Yeah, I just want to look at yours specifically. So if I don't know if you can it if you click click the share screen thing at the bottom of your uh um Zoom thing, it should give you the option to share. I'll I'll open it up as well. But um sorry, let me get the thing and the thing off the screen. Yeah. And uh I'd also love to get all of your feedbacks too. So everybody that maybe came in a few minutes late here. So, I in the if you go into your chat all the way up, I put in the link to the deal uh software, the deal finding software and then our coupon code because as a mentee part of the community, you get three months of it included. So, um you'll see the link up there with the coupon. So, go ahead and log in and let us know if there's any issues there. But, um we'd love for you to get in there and kind of I'd love to get feedback on it as well. Uh there's a good knowledge center in there for you. You can click down on the little help icon on the bottom left once you're logged in and everything. But I would love to get the feedback on, you know, things we can improve on it and all that stuff. So um and how you like it and utilizing it. It's it's a good software. We like it. We use it. We've been using it for obviously quite a while. And that's how we find deals, analyze them, wholesale them, all that stuff. So okay, I'm looking at your sheet there. So you got Yeah. the vacancy credit loss. Uh click click on that. Make that 15%. That does. And of course, very possible that I may have broken the the sheet. Yeah, cuz that that should not do that. Make it make it 10% real quick. Okay. Okay. Yeah, because it's that's really weird because it's taking your net operating income, but I'm going to do something with you here. So, go up there and make it 15% again. It's going to drop your NOI number real quick down to 115, which it did. Take out your loan, but you have your NOI. Okay. So, then go uh to the IRR thing on the other tab. I want to see if something's getting triggered here. Yeah, it's got the 15%. Click on it where it says 10,800 right there on the year one. Um right next to your 15% right there. Uh so that's F11. Just want to make sure nothing's broken in this thing. F Oh, that's what it's doing. F11 times F9. That's what it's doing. Okay. So, do me a favor. See where it says 5% down there? No, no, no. Right below your uh vacancy number. Yeah. Make that 15. This is This is going to allow you to adjust it per year. Make this 15. Yep. And then go to all the other ones, too. I mean, and just for the sake of this, make them 10 because we're going to go back and make it 10 anyways. But this allows you to adjust it, you know, year by year by year, right? Because some some years are different, right? So, you can play with it because maybe it's higher in the beginning, gets lower towards the end, all that stuff. And then go back to your uh the the A-pod tab. And just you know what A-Pod stands for? It's annual property operating data. And if you watch some of your course videos, it explains that. Uh but change that to 10% there. Okay. So now you see how it's at 13 because now you're using a proper 10% vacancy thing. Okay. Mhm. So you would you go into your IRR thing again when you want to mess with that uh and adjust that a little bit more um for the future and or it depends. It's up to you. You can actually create a very simple formula if you want to. So that way you only have to adjust it here. It just depends on what you want to do. Um, okay. Because vacancies change, right? So that's why we didn't want it to be static across all five years of you owning it, right? Because it does adjust annually. And ideally, you want it to get better over time, right? As you improve operations. So that's why you would want to adjust it year by year. And you can keep it 10% or you can make it different each year. Um but in this case um yeah now now it should be accurate at 21 grand. Um and so if you yeah if you change that up to 15 and then you go over to your IRRa tab and make it 15 for all of those. Watch what happens. It's going to go from 13% IRRa. See, you you can see it down there at the bottom, too. But if you change all those to 15 right now, it's down to 8.46. That makes sense. Okay. Um, so yeah, you definitely want to play with that and then just start adjusting other variables that you can. And then if you get everything constant and there's nothing else you can change, then the only other thing that's changing is price, you know. Yeah, that's that's actually the second question I have. Uh for a lot of these I I do need to lower the price Yeah. quite a bit. So I was wondering how how low do you go until you say it's not even worth sending LOI for this? Well, for the purposes of this right now, I would just be sending the LOIs and because you got to remember the whole purpose of this because you're probably finding these deals on Crex and online, right? Okay. So, that's why they suck, right? But we know that and that's okay. The entire purpose of the exercise is to get to know the brokers. It's not to actually find a deal on the website, right? But you in order to get to the brokers, you have to go through these exercises of analyzing, writing offers, sending them out, talking to the brokers, but building a little bit of rapport with them. Because what you do is you analyze it, you call them, you talk to them, then you know, you say, "Hey, I'm interested in writing an LOI on this thing. I'd love to tour the property. You know, can I come out and take a property tour and blah blah blah?" And you go through that song and dance. Then you submit an offer to them. Of course, it's going to be lower than what they're looking for. But that's the whole point to build some rapport with because then now it's, hey, John, Mr. Broker, I understand this thing's coming in at 900 grand. You guys are listed at a million3. You know, I'd love to buy it, but these are the variables I'm looking at. You know, I have an interest rate of 6 and a half%. Can you get me a better one? Nope. Great. So, it's 6 and a half%. The revenue, I'm using your rents that you gave me, and I'm using your expenses that you gave me. We're making some adjustments here and there, but based on all of this, these are the returns that we're getting. It doesn't produce a return, right? That makes sense for any investor. I mean, based on this information, would you invest in this, John? Would you stroke a check? And then they're going to be like, well, no, I don't. Yeah. Yeah, it's great deal. So, but it's building rapport and you're saying, listen, I'm going to buy John Broker. like we're going to buy, but I need to find some deals that actually do pencil. Are you working on anything behind the scenes that you can maybe send my way? Can I get on your list of deals that are kind of coming to market so that way I can look at these things maybe pre-market before they go to the websites? And that's kind of that rapport side that's important. And you're going to do that with a few brokers in your market that are deal makers. And that's how you're going to start to see some stuff that will pencil. So you won't have as much of a gap between it, you know, being good and not good. Make sense? Yeah. 100%. So yeah, don't worry about the delta at this point because the entire purpose of you doing what you're doing is simply to connect with the brokers. That's it. And just being respectful going through that, right? So what you don't want to do is just blast over an LOI that's way off and not have a conversation with the broker, right? I mean, I remember when I was a real estate agent, I'd get like these random offers on these properties and they're like way off, right? I had no problem with that if the agent kind of notified me in advance and explain, hey, this we're sending it over. Yes, it's it's below what you're looking for, but let's have a conversation, right? Don't look into it any more than that. Let's just talk. that answer the questions because that was my my fear like sending something that will cut the the connection completely, right? They and it's just it's it's just prephrasing it as well. So, the typical procedure, the ideal typical procedure is to, you know, do the tour that you're going to do with a few properties and meet a few different brokers and then with that you can submit LOIs based on that. But, uh you're now meeting them, right? Right? So, there's a face tof face contact. So, now it's a face with a name, a little bit better rapport, and now when you send it over and you follow up with a quick phone call. Hey, John, I just sent you an LOI on this thing. Look, it's pretty far below what you guys are on the market for, but let's start a conversation. There's a reason it is the way it is. I'd like to go through the numbers with you, and maybe you can show me where I'm off. Right? you're kind of like letting them into your your space and then they're going to find out the same way, you know, unless they want to over speculate that the deal just doesn't make sense, but that's why it hasn't sold. Um, that's why they didn't sell it pre-market, which he knows he could have done, right? But that that's kind of that exercise that has to go down. So, thank you. Yeah, you bet. Um, any last question from Christine or Joe or Louise? Uh, Myra, let's see. Rex, anyone else? Yeah, make sure you guys get in on the uh check out that software uh because I'd love to get your feedback on it too and use it. Uh, and then if you want to cancel it, cancel it. But I want to get you in there for the next 3 months and make sure you can mess around with it. So, um, cool. Anything else before we finish up? Yeah, it's usually really helpful on that. Uh, if you ever want a JV or co-artner, um, should we put um should we upload that kind of allocator? Would that be helpful if we put that into your guys' downloads? the that was this here. So, if you were going to co-partner with someone on an apartment deal, i.e. Steve Parker or anyone, you know, this is kind of how you can easily show or they call earn in your equity by a task that you provide to the partnership. So, let's say you're going in with Steve and Steve can do one two three four five and then you can actually raise money and or help with, you know, signing on the loan or maybe doing some boots on the ground stuff where you're going to earn equity in to that deal for doing that task. So, it's a great way to, you know, partner and then not get into a I call it a bitching scenario where people are like, I did this, you did this, I should get this, you should get that. It's like a bad relationship. So, this allows you to mitigate that by keeping it, hey, it's earned in based upon merit on what you provide and that way there's no kind of ambiguity to the process. Uh, I know Bruce and Roy, you guys got some real quick questions. One last one. I have noticed across the boards that these brokers are putting like five to seven% no more in their economic vacancies, right? Industry standard. Yeah, it is. Yeah, they all put it in there. Um I just they know it's full of crap. They know it's full of crap. Okay. Um Yeah, they do. So, it is what it is. It's hard too because um I would love to operate a pro I mean you can operate some properties at five in like the really tight coastal zone properties but it's very very rare in any markets outside of the coastal zones with very very very tight um supply and demand that you would see that. It's just very rare. So, um, you know, it's just it's hard because like you you would love to use their numbers and that's the first thing they're going to harp on if you show them numbers. They're going to say you're showing 10 12%. I'm like, well, dude, I have to account bad debt, vacancy, you know, concessions if there are any. But it's going to be more than five, John. You know that. Come on, buddy. Definitely not five. I mean, so we're I mean, we're somewhere between five and 10. Let's maybe make it seven, eight, nine. Like I'll give you I'll come down, you come up. But even then, you know, we have to work with the numbers a little bit because the thing that's killing the thing that's making deals really tough right now is the interest rate environment, right? I mean, it's just that's what's going to make things a little and uh flattening rents. So, what's happened I and I I take it twofold. There's three things happening. increased cost for operating the buildings so that your expenses have increased. Revenue has flatlined and in some cases decreased, right? So now that margin between revenue and expenses is squeezing and then you add interest rates that have gone up to that. Well, all it's happening is your net operating income is squeezing down which then affects the value. Yeah, it affects the value of the property. I mean, it's just basic economics and that's the challenge we're in is so it's just it's trying to squeeze that thing down and get sellers to come to the reality that hey, your property right now is not worth what it used to be. And you have a couple options. You can sell it, but if you're going to sell it in today's market, it has to be, you know, based on today's environment. Otherwise, hold on to it. Hold on to it. Don't sell it. If you don't have to sell it, don't sell the property. So, and it'll, you know, just write it out. But then they'll be like, well, I need to sell. Great. Then you need to sell it today's market. So, we got to like get in line with, you know, financial fundamentals. And that's how you can sometimes work them in to seller financing the deal because I mean, you have to understand the the greatest benefit to a seller financing your deal for you is twofold. Number one, they don't need all the money out right now. Number two, they want to avoid taxes because if they don't pull all the money out right now and they leave it in for another two, three years with you, they avoid taxes and they're they're earning money on their money. They basically become your bank. So, this allows them to earn money on their money. They don't have to operate anything. They literally collecting a check and they're in a in a trusted position that protects them from a collateral like liability wise and they just collect checks. So, if they don't need all the money out, they want to avoid taxes, seller financing is a great option. And that's how it always usually gets presented. So, just so you know, if you're going to kind of present that option to a kind of more momand pop seller, you got to ask the questions and ask them to broker and say, "Hey, does the seller need all the money out right now?" And if they're like, "Well, I don't know. Let me ask." And like, are they are they looking at a large taxable event if they do sell? Yeah, probably. Well, then look, given the environment of interest rates and stuff, if I can't assume their loan and interest rates are so high, why don't we come to an agreement so I can pay them more money, right? They're going to get a better price. They're going to help finance it and then we'll pay them off in a couple years and they'll get all their money then. That's I mean, then I can give you guys a better price. That's another option like to help everybody out, right? So, it's just trying to play with that. Trying to play with that. Uh Roy, you're the last one. Yeah. Um I remember last Tuesday they uh there was a couple partners that were uh had that KC deal. Do you know if they're still looking for They are. Yeah. They need about 150 grand left. They're It's a It's a good deal, guys. C Can you put me in touch with them? Uh could I get there? Yeah. So that's Hayden and Matt. I'll put you in touch with them. They're trying to finalize that deal. They're just getting it across the finish line. They're pretty I'm in that market too. So I'm familiar with it. You know I can Yeah. They may even co GP with you if you know based on responsibility things if you wanted to bring in and stuff. So I'll I'll connect you after this call um with those guys and see if there's some opportunities there. Okay. And then is there for other opportunities like that? Is there a space on the community where you would put yourself out there or other people that that are looking for people like where would I go to that for that? Yeah. So, if you're in the back end, there's an actual um um section in there for uh needing capital deals and stuff. There's a thread. You just click on that on the lefth hand um uh tab side and you'll see it in there. Uh and you can put in information and then the more people we're collaborating in there, which is why we're in there daily keeping it active and people are in there talking and chatting, um the better it is for everybody, right? So, but if you can definitely put me in touch with Hayden and man, that would be awesome. Okay, we'll do we'll do it this evening. Thank you. So, thank you so much. All right, everybody. Thanks so much. Went a little bit over. I appreciate you guys' time. Yeah. Thanks, Justin.