Hello. Hello. Come on in. Happy Thursday. We'll get everybody going here. All right. Well, everybody come on in. Say hello. Good to see everybody in here coming in. Chad, Christian, Hunter, Jaden, good to see you. Uh, just want to make sure audio-wise you guys can hear me. Okay, we should be good. Julian, good to see you as well. Beautiful. Beautiful. All right, we'll get just a couple minutes here and we'll get going. But, uh, happy Thursday. Happy Thursday. So, one second. All right, coming on in. Good afternoon. Good morning. Good afternoon to you, Brian. Beautiful. Yeah, good to see everybody in here. John, so we got Kelly in here. Great. Oscar, good to see you. Beautiful. Bill, good to see you as well. So, all right. We'll go ahead and get started here. A couple things we're going to be going over today, kind of the the raising capital side of of the game, and I'm going to actually be calling uh another broker or two today live and doing that game as well. For those that, you know, haven't made kind of the Tuesday calls, uh we'll go ahead and do that here this morning as well. Um, want to make sure the audio one second here. At least on the speaker side of it. Yes, we should be good there. That's working. Okay. Awesome. Beautiful. So yeah to kind of touch back on this because a lot of you have been doing a great job kind of coming through you know this roadmap and you know setting up you know the initial onboarding find the business in a box side which you guys kind of all fully understand you know the importance of doing this you know and why you're doing it because in order to actually get a deal right down here submit offers with confidence and actually be able to lock a deal up and I think we can probably attest to this. Um, you know, Kelly, I see you in here, but uh, even in Sandy and Doug and and and those that just went into contract as well. Um, you know, Doug just personally let me know. The reason he actually got the deal under contract when he was competing with three offers is the broker trusted him more simply because he had gone to the website, saw how he was all set up, he was well organized, had a business, had partners and support systems around him. Even though it was his first rodeo into the multifamily space, he'd obviously had a little single family experience. Sure. But now he's stepping up into a 28 unit apartment building. And in order to gain that confidence of investors, brokers, lenders, everybody that's going to basically give you the check mark to go do the deal, they did research on Doug and Sandy. And they said, "Who are these people?" They went to the website, checked out the company. Who are they? Asked about capital, how they're raising capital. Have they done any soft commitments? Have they talked to any lenders with financing? Have they set up all this operational stuff? How are they going to handle and manage? All these things, these questions that are going to come right before they're going to give you a deal. And if you do not have this stuff set up, which you're doing all right here, by the way, all this stuff is happening right here, you're never going to get a deal. It'll never happen because by the time you get to the the point of inflection where the broker is going to say yay or nay to awarding you the deal, they're going to make sure, can these people close it? Right? Have they talked to lenders on the financing to at least get some soft quotes? I understand they raise their capital. That's fine. But do you have investors in a database that you can send this thing out to, right? And then how much do you bring in? Okay, we bring in 10% of the equity. The rest of the money comes from investors. Totally fine. Nothing wrong with that. Do you have them in the database? Have you reached out to them? Are they warmed up? Are they just completely cold? Have you done this kind of soft commitment process? Have you done a mock deal? I mean, they don't know it's a mock deal, but have you actually warmed up your people so that way if you're going to go hit them with a new deal, right? They've already seen this. It's, you know, now it's another deal. So that way it's not a brand new deal. And that way you can actually raise the money and close the deals. Okay? That's why this stuff is so important. Is anybody kind of stuck in any one of these stages currently? I'm curious. you know, chime in in the chat if you're kind of stuck a little bit or if you have a couple questions on a little bit of it because I want to make sure that everything from I mean market selection you guys get that right setting up the brokers and the deal flow but taking the market trip which many of you have done some of you not just yet but that's important but then this kind of capital foundation side and when I say capital foundation you're going to run a mock deal you're going to take a deal online you're going to literally run it through the process as though it is actually happening and you have it under contract. You're going to be sending it out to your database. Part of that process is reaching out to the lenders, getting a soft quote on that deal. Then you're sending it out to your database to raise the money as though it's actually happening. Pitch deck, landing page, summary video, everything locked and loaded. And you're going to get the soft commitments from people about the deal as though it's actually happening. And then at the 11th hour, you're going to get to the point, hey, this one's not going to go through. We appreciate everybody in their interest. We found out some things that it's not going to make sense, so we're not going to go forward with this deal. Thank you so much. But now you've warmed them up because now they've actually seen the pitch decks. They've seen your landing pages. They've looked at your company. They've now attached an identity to you that you're not just, you know, a plumber, an electrician, a, you know, tech person or this or that. It's now, you know, Sandy this and multif family investor, right? Christian this and multif family investor. That's the whole purpose of doing that is to now bring the identity about what you do so that way they start connecting you as a multif family investor not just what you've done previously and that's this process and to get comfortable with like okay you have your together like okay it's not a hobby this isn't like a one hit wonder over here this is someone who's actually committed they have a company they have everything set up they got a great website they have a deal this is how they run their deals they have a beautiful pitch deck it explains Is it summary video? Everything is locked and loaded to where they give someone the experience to actually want to give you 25, 50, 100,000 bucks. Cuz if this doesn't happen, you will never get a deal. Because what'll happen is you'll get to that kind of inflection point. The brokers aren't going to have the confidence that you have your stuff together. Investors aren't going to have the confidence that you know what you're doing. Lenders will be like, "I don't know. We need a little more experience. We need somebody else signing on the loan because we don't trust you." and you'll get to the boom and that will hit the wall. And that's what we want to make sure that this stuff kind of gets in place so that way when you get to that inflection point where the you're about to get the deal, do you actually get it right? Uh question coming up. Finding good deals. Uh Don, let's see. Uh Brian says, "I'm in the process, yeah, meeting with the brokers, the loan insurance guys, uh to get that ball rolling." Yes. This week's going to try and get that soft commitments with the deal that you're looking at. Yeah. So, just and it once again, the deal doesn't you're not going to have the the this kind of mock deal under contract. That's not the point. You're just going to take a deal you like, analyze it, back into a number where it makes sense, take those. You're going to actually run through the process of though you have it under contract. You're going to prepare the pitch deck, prepare all the financials, prepare the summary video, prepare the landing page, send it out to your database, get their response to that, have some phone conversations, move them forward in the process as though it's actually happening, and then you're going to get to the point a little bit into that where you're going to just let them know, hey, thanks so much. We found some things out about this deal we're not really happy with. We're not going to move forward with it. You haven't taken anybody's money yet. You've just gotten soft commitments on it. And then you're going to pull the plug on it and say, "Hey, we'll catch you on the next one. Thanks so much for your interest so far. We want to make sure we do things the right way. We just were seeing some things we didn't like." And that'll be it, right? And then you'll move on. And then you'll wait for the actual deal because now they're warmed up. They're teed up. They've seen your process. They've seen the pitch decks. They've seen the websites. They've seen all the stuff. Now they've started to attach the identity to you that, oh, you're actually buying apartments. This is cool. And so that way the second time it comes around now it's like okay I have a warm commitment list that I can lean into. Um correct. So yes just do it as Nike would say. That's right Brian. Yeah. Even though you don't have it under contract you might not close. That's correct. And then nobody knows that you're running a mock deal. Think of it like the preseason in football and baseball. It's not the regular season yet but you're going to run it as though it is. Right. and then you're going to pull the plug and then go into the regular season when the actual deal happens. Same same concept, right? So that way you're ready to go and it's going to help you a lot with the practice as well because you're going to go through the process as though you have a deal under contract. So that way when you actually have a deal under contract, you're not hyper hyperventilating too much, right? A little bit, but not too much, right? That's the whole point. Um, Christian says, "I'm contacting brokers and getting to know them, but they are not reaching back out with off-market deals." Um, yeah, let's walk through that. Christian, can I bring you up here to to speak and then I'll ask you some questions? Cool. Yeah, let's walk through that because you're saying, "I'm reaching out to brokers and they're not responding back." So, let's chat about that. Hey everybody. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Make sure it's loud enough for everyone. Go ahead and speak, Christian. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; I can hear you. Can everybody else hear Christian? Hopefully. &gt;&gt; Oh, perfect. &gt;&gt; All right. So, yeah, let's chat about that for a minute. So, you're walk me through the process of the conversations you've had so far with some of these brokers. Yeah. So I had some conversations with some brokers in in Ohio and um I mean they they were react one of them reacted like oh yeah the deal that you are talking about or calling for is already given it's already pending uh for sale. Um and it was like a tough conversation because he was not very open. Um, so I was trying to like ask him like, "Hey, do you have any other deals maybe coming up?" And um, he was like not very willing to share anything. Um, yeah, very introverted. And um, I was trying to to explain to him like, okay, what am I doing? So I'm fairly new, but I have uh a strategic partner and everybody um, and I have my website. So I shared also my website and he said like well if I have anything I will get back to you and basically it has been radio silence since then. &gt;&gt; Right. Yeah. No. And they're not going to get back to you. So you have to be the aggressor. Right. So the process with that would be uh when how did you pick this broker to call? &gt;&gt; So he had a deal on on Krexy. &gt;&gt; Right. So let's walk back to that Kraxy experience for you. when you in uh in which market is this in again, Christian? &gt;&gt; So, Ohio, Columbus. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. Okay. Yeah. So, even with uh with you and Cheschna, I mean, that'd be a because she's in Columbus, too. Um, so yeah, you know, and I think you went you ran through the process where you open up Craigslist, you're in Columbus and maybe surrounding areas within 30 miles, whatever it is, and before you're even calling anybody, you're scrolling through there, right, to see uh who is doing the most deals, &gt;&gt; correct? Yeah. So in the way and the way you determine that is by the most amount of logos, right? So if you're looking at those little thumbnails when you're scrolling through Krexy, right? Like if I were to do it right here, if I went to Krexy like this, because this is you I mean this is I'm going to do this right now when I call these guys. Um Oops. And let's go into Columbus, Ohio real quick. Um, why is it not? That's weird. Um, why is it not pulling up multif family special purpose? I'm on cracky today. Takes weird. Um, yeah. Why isn't multif family on there? That is the strangest thing I've ever seen in my life. Uh, I'm looking for property types. She doesn't have multifamily on there. Restaurants, land, industrial, office. Why? If you guys go to kxy.com right now, are do you say I see multifamily as an option for you? That's the strangest thing I've ever seen. Um, yeah, definitely got some issue the last couple. That's really weird. Um, okay. I'm going to go to So, I just opened it and I have like I selected only the the 10 to 50 unit. Uh, &gt;&gt; yeah, but I'm not even seeing the option to select multif family. &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; That is really strange. I'm going to log out and try and log back in the world. Yeah, that is really strange. Um, yeah, it does not have the option for multif family. That's the strangest thing I've ever seen. Uh, I can see it under sale. Uh, if auto appears. I don't see it either. Yeah. Okay. So, I'm not the I'm just trying to I'm like, what in the world? Uh, yeah, that is really strange, huh? Okay, let's go to Loopnet for some fun. We normally don't use Loopnet, but we're going to go there today. Important security message. What in the hell? &gt;&gt; Your computer has been locked up. Your IP address was used without your knowledge or consent to visit websites that contains identity theft virus. To unlock the computer, please call support immediately. Please do not attempt to shut down or restart your computer. Doing that may lead to data loss and identity theft. The computer lock is aimed to stop illegal activity. Please call our support immediately. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Important security message. &gt;&gt; The hell just happened? &gt;&gt; Your computer has been locked up. Your IP address was used without your knowledge or consent to visit websites that contains identity theft virus. To unlock the computer, please call support immediately. &gt;&gt; What in the world? &gt;&gt; Please do not attempt to shut down. What in the world? You guys, something just happened. That's the weirdest thing I've ever seen in my life. What in the world is going on? Guys, sorry. Hold on. happened there. All right, I think we're back on. That was wild. All right. Can everybody hear me? Okay. Hopefully it's coming back in. Wow. I don't know what happened. We got we got another computer now, but we're uh we're resetting that one over there. Uh that was the craziest thing I've ever seen in my life. Let me uh let's try this again. I was getting either some weird website or something and I and I have Mac so we don't really have issues with any viruses. So that was uh very strange. Yeah. So, even with Krexy, yeah, it doesn't look like right now they have their multif family um set up. So, let me get on to LoopNet real quick and give me just two seconds here. All right. Uh, when you log into correctly, it auto selects lease. If you click the sale button, multif family is there. Interesting. So, that's new. That is new. Uh, got it. So, if you click sale. Ah, yeah. So, that's something new. That's a new little trick they put in there. Got it. Thanks for that info, Twilight. Um, okay. Well, yeah, now we're back on Crexy. Now I see it. Um, so yeah, let me go into uh Columbus, Ohio, and I'll show you my screen here in just a minute. Uh, Christian, are you still there? &gt;&gt; Yes, I am. &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. Yeah, let me share So yeah, this being in Columbus, so uh usually what I'm doing is I'll come in here, apply that to multifamily only, and I'll even, you know, do the the unit thing. I'll go up to 50 units just for fun. Show those. And what I'm doing is I'm just taking a quick little scroll through here first. And I'm paying attention to the logos on these things, right? And what you're going to start to notice is some recurring themes where you see similar logos coming up all the way through. So you're going to start to see these guys multiple times, Reef Co. a couple times, KW a decent amount. These guys are showing up a few times. So, it's starting to tell me who's kind of the market maker, right? And that's what I'm looking for when I start like these guys are coming up again a couple times. So, that way when you do end up calling them, and we'll call them right now. Um, and I'll just call some guys here in Columbus. Uh, let's start with these guys from the multifamily group. So, if I click on this one, right, and I kind of scroll down, we got Joey Miller, Jared, and these guys. Um, 163 days on market updated 45 days ago. Just kind of pulling through this one. Got it. Okay, great. So, let's give these guys a call. 0369. Put on the speaker here. Matthews, I'm sorry I missed your phone call, please. Okay, so we'll try the other one. And you can see like on this how it's, you know, 5.38 cap rate. Obviously, that isn't going to work. That's why it's been on so long. Um, but I want to get some details on this thing just so that way we understand where it could be and what's going on, sellers motivation, stuff like that. Um, that's the whole purpose of it. Let's see if Jared picks up. Hi. Is it Jared? &gt;&gt; Yeah. How's it going? &gt;&gt; Hey Jared, this is My name's Justin Brennan. I'm with uh Brennan Pulley Capital Group. Calling on your guys' you're listening over here on Lyn View. I think it's uh 2865 Lyn View there in Columbus. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah. Trying to get some updates on it. Uh this, you know, we're looking for stuff kind of in the Columbus area and I guess within maybe 30 miles or 40 miles of Columbus. Um came across this. &gt;&gt; Yes. Correct. That's why I'm actually calling on it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Trying &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. Well, I figured I mean, you know, I'm just trying to understand, I guess, the details on that. Um, so trying to call regarding that. Um, is it is it bankowned yet or is it just kind of still seller owned? And obviously they got it &gt;&gt; still. &gt;&gt; Still seller owned. Okay. And is there, you know, because obviously at least cap rate based on, you know, current financials or what you guys are showing is pretty low there. So, is this something where they have to get that to pay off the debt or they're negotiable or kind of what is that scenario on the on the stress? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Exact that that deep into it. &gt;&gt; Okay. Got it. And then so is that Joey? Is that the lead? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, Joe on it. &gt;&gt; Okay, got it. Yeah, I was just I pulled up it on Craigslist and stuff, so I saw you guys as a team. Um, do you do you work in other areas around there that you know, I guess deals that have a little hair on them or things you guys are working on currently? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay, got it. Yeah, I'm just uh because we're definitely looking for stuff, you know, 10 to 30 unit type deals, you know, within the Ohio market, mainly Columbus, Cincinnati, even around Cleveland and stuff, uh or within, you know, 30, 40 miles of them. So just trying to see who's right. Okay. Gotcha. And if and if this one's not the right deal, I mean, is there a a good way to connect with you guys to get other properties you're working on? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Where is it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I can put that to you now or I can send you a text on. Is this your cell phone number? &gt;&gt; Okay. So that's the Yeah, the 216 number. Yeah. 2162255. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If you other &gt;&gt; I do not actually. &gt;&gt; Oh, you do? Okay. Yeah, I can send it to this one and then Yeah, I mean I'd love to, you know, connect with you guys. Uh going to be out there. And are you in Columbus or where are you at specifically? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're okay. Okay, got it. Yeah, I'll be out there um probably by the end of this month. Um so I'll probably just try and connect with you guys when I'm in town or coming in town. Um love to at least even if it's dropping by your office real quick to say hi, put a face with a name, that'd be great. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely. Just um &gt;&gt; Okay, beautiful. Yeah, I appreciate your time, Jared. Thanks for giving me a few moments. You too. So, you can see, I mean, he wasn't quite as like warm and fuzzy like some of the other brokers we've dealt with. Um, yeah. So, reading a couple of the comments here, uh, Christian, what did you get from that? &gt;&gt; Um, so, so it was very hard to hear him, uh, to be honest. &gt;&gt; Okay. But I think that you asked good questions like, "Hey, what else do you have?" Um, I didn't understand what was the problem with this uh property. Uh, &gt;&gt; so this one's highly stressed, meaning it's not operating well. They're probably in financial stress. You know, it's a it's a problem property. So, yeah, it it wouldn't be necessarily a good one for any of you as a first rodeo uh to take on something that probably has a lot of, you know, hair on it where either debt problems, money problems, tenant problems, all kinds of problems. So, um but nonetheless, that's what's going on, right? They probably have high delinquency, bunch of evictions, maybe mostly vacant, who knows? Uh but that's the problem with it. And um so so Justin, what I what I heard you say like, "Hey, what other like what what else do you have going on?" &gt;&gt; And I didn't hear his answer, but did he mention anything? &gt;&gt; Well, at first he didn't. At first he kind of gave me a cold shoulder and then I kind of warmed him up a little bit. Um, but yeah, you could hear like immediately, you know, he he kind of gave a cold shoulder, but wait, let me stop you. Do you guys handle highly distressed properties? And even if I didn't, I'd tell them yes, right? Because what I'm trying to do is just build rapport. I could give two shits about this deal, right? It's the deal is just a lure. It's like a piece of bait, right? And they've let me know that they have listings. Great. I'm going to call you. I don't care about this deal. I care about you and the relationship with you and building that with you. So, the whole entire purpose of that conversation was simply to warm and fuzzy it. I'm going to shoot him a text after this with my email. I'm going to get on their email blast that he says they have. But then what I'm also going to be doing is when I go to do my market trip in Columbus, Ohio, I'm going to be reaching out to him a week or two ahead of time. Say, "Hey Jared, we connected a couple weeks ago. I'm going to be coming in town. Love to stop by your office. maybe grab you a quick cup of coffee, put a face with a name, you know, shake hands and kiss babies. The entire purpose of that, right? It's because it's all good old cowboy and cowgirl club. And so without that human connection, it's going to be really hard to get access to decent deal flow. And so that's why we go through this process because you don't need a ton of brokers. You need three or four good ones. Three or four good ones that you have a relationship with. um they will feed you at least for your first deal and then it'll grow. Then it'll grow. So, it's just building a few of those decent relationships within that market. But yeah, Jared was a little cold, you know, that's true and that's okay. Um but you saw how we kind of worked around it a little bit. Um I mean that was really it. Um does that make a little sense, Christian? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, it does. It does. Um, in reading through a couple of the questions now, Chad says, "Well, I understand why we want to call the brokers that look like bigger players. Why not reach out to all the brokers shown?" You can, not a problem. Um, I just try and find the market makers first, Chad, because the market makers are going to have more offmarket or pre-market deals, right? If I come back here to this and I just try and find a little one hit pony person, if I call them and build a relationship and they do one listing a year, I'm not probably not going to get access to a lot of pre-market stuff because they don't even do anything, right? So, I want to find some market makers. And that's why I look for the most logos because I know that I know for every single one of these deals, I guarantee, see where you see the M's on here? For every single one of those M's, they have three behind the scenes. Guaranteed. Even if they don't tell you they have them, they're full of They have them. Guaranteed. So, it's just a matter of I mean, he was a little cold, but we got to break through, right? Slowly but surely. And we use the listings to do it, right? because that's a great way to call. Great way to conversate. You know, I'm not, you know, just doing a random hello, right? I'm calling specific about a deal. We're going to chat about it briefly and then I'm going to segue into, well, hey, I'll take a look at this one. Do you guys, this is what we're looking for in the market, right? Here's our buy box, right? 10 to 30 unit deals within 30 miles of Columbus, blah blah blah blah blah. And hey, do you have anything else you maybe are working on behind the scenes? Oh, yeah, we do. or oh we don't you know stuff like that. Um that's how you'll start to open that up. And then the next thing is hey I'm going to be in town you know in a couple weeks you know love to shoot you a text when we get off here and stay in contact and then when I come in town I can drop by your office say hi you know shake hands you know and that'll lead into a quick coffee right stuff like that. But that is that process right because you got to get bellyto belly eyeball to eyeball with these brokers. And so that's why I don't just call the oneoffs because that oneoff is probably literally his one listing for the year. And so he's not going to be able to feed you, right? That's why we do it. Um yes, you couldn't hear him, huh? That's odd. Um I had the phone right up to the mic. Um, and then Brian says, "One key there was showing the broker that you know what a low cap rate means for this price and then asking to understand what the problem was." Correct. Yeah, I saw that on that deal. Obviously, the cap the cap rate they're showing, you know, super low. Uh, but it makes sense with the stress and all that other stuff there, which means the revenue is low and you know that would make some sense given the stress of the property. Um, can't hear the broker. Okay, that was weird. I wonder why. Um, wonder if it's just on a weird frequency coming out of the phone. I don't know. Um, got it. Uh, heard some, not all. Yeah, that's weird. I don't know. That's weird. We'll try another one here in just a second. Um, yeah, I'm not sure if it was something with the audio coming out of the phone because we've done that a million times. It seemed to work okay, but we'll we'll try that again. Um but yeah, what else were kind of some of the takeaways there? You know, we'll call another broker here. Anywhere else anybody want me to go? But yeah, so so back to that, Christian. Um you're going to have to hunt them down. They're trust me, the brokers aren't hunting you, right? Um, so you you have to, you know, do the follow-up game, lean into them, and then that's why it's going to be important to make the market trip out there because until you get bellyto belly, most of the brokers, I mean, they may drip you a little here, drip you a little there. Um, but, you know, no different than anything, they get a lot of wishy-washy folks, you know, trying to, you know, get information. I mean, you could see, you know, Jared was a little cold because of that cuz he's like, I got a million calls on this and blah blah blah blah blah, right? He was already giving me his negative energy about other people calling him even though I'm totally different than the last person, the last person, but it's not the point to him. I'm all the same until I can build that rapport. And so, yes, it is that learning process with that. But once you get, like I said, you don't need a lot. You need three or four good ones and you'll have enough deal flow to get into that first deal. And then after the first deal opens up, then more, then more, then more. But the key is getting into that first one. Um, does that make sense, Christian? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And Justin, just to know how how do you know when one of these brokers is a good one? Because &gt;&gt; for example, Jared could be a a good guy, but as you said, maybe he's overwhelmed with all these callers for this &gt;&gt; distressed property. &gt;&gt; Yeah. H &gt;&gt; how do you know is that basically doing that market trip and and getting face to face with these brokers? &gt;&gt; Right. I mean, and so I first of all, to know if he's a good broker or a bad broker, I don't know that answer. Uh I'm at least in the beginning, all I'm going off of is how many listings do they have? Because what what the listings tell me is that they're a market maker, meaning they're out there doing business in that market a decent amount. That's what it's telling me, which means they must be doing something right, which means they must not be a loser, right? I mean, you you seeing how that lines up, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I mean, if they're out there doing a lot of business, then I I get it. They may be an a-hole, but they're clearly doing a lot of business. So, that tells me there's somebody I should probably know. It's what it's it's what it's indicating to me. I should probably know you. Whether or not I like you, different story, but I should definitely know you because I can see that you're doing a decent amount of business in the market. Here's another one, right? You see the M guys all over the place, which makes sense. I mean, those guys do a decent amount of business. But Refco, I've now seen two or three times here. So, we're going to call them next here. There's a four, but it looks like they're doing little smaller ones, but I'll still call them. He's got another four unit here, but I'm still going to call on the Refco guys. Um, yeah, they're doing another They're doing smaller deals. You can see like these Reef Co guys, they're doing little smaller ones, little three and four unit deals, but that's fine. Um, at least as a start, and maybe they have some other stuff. Uh, but they'll probably definitely hopefully pick up the phone. Um, yeah, Remax is doing a decent amount out there. I'm watching these guys. They're definitely doing a decent amount. Uh but a lot of it looks like a lot of smaller guys. You know, this is a six unit here. Reef Co. same group. Same group. So, that's signaling to me that I should probably know these Reef Co guys. That's what it's telling me by looking at this. And I'm not even going through the rest of them here, but I'm just coming through this. We're going to call this one next. Hopefully the the audio works here. Let's see what happens. And it's an opportunity zone. So, this could be interesting. Uh Blake Park. Okay, Blake. Let's try it. Um, can you hear Can you hear it ringing? Hold on. No, that's weird. Uh, huh. Must be a frequency thing. on the audio. That is strange. Uh huh. Well, yeah. I'm not sure what to do on that one. It must be something something with the mic on. Uh let me see if I can change the mic a little bit. See if that works here. That's really strange. Um audio there. Macro speakers. Let's do Sorry about this, guys. We'll try testing. One, two, three. So, you can hear me there. testing. One, two, three. Yeah, it's working on I mean, we're getting the audio. That's really weird. It must be a frequency thing. That's really strange. Sorry about that, guys. Yeah, it doesn't do me any good to call them um if you can't hear them because you can't hear their responses. Um but, you know, we can go through that. My apologies. Yeah, I know. It was really weird what we had happen in the other uh studio there with the computer going crazy. It like sent me uh notices for virus, but I'd never had that happen before. It was really strange. Um okay. Well, yeah, I guess you know we can open it up to finish up with some Q&amp;A here. It's really strange while the audio is doing that because I wanted to call some more brokers with you guys, but uh Christian, I know you're still up here on it. um where uh so with that when you have that initial call like with Jared, right? So I just finished up with Jared, I'm going to send Jared a text, right? And then I have him in my little broker list and I'm just going to drip on him every now and again, right? And then what I want to end up doing is, you know, you may have to talk to 10 brokers and you'll get three or four of them to actually, you know, be decent enough and nice enough to, you know, want to conversate with you. Um, and that's okay. That's just a numbers thing. Um, and then once you get those three or four, then from there, you're going to work them into setting up your market trip. So that way when you come out there, you're going to meet with them, right? Even if it's a quick drop by, shake hands, have a quick coffee, or maybe just drop by their office, whatever it is, tour a deal with them, whatever that is, but that's what's going to happen in that market trip. Um, which is critically important. And then, um, yeah, it's a matter of analyzing deals, right? analyzing deals and sending in the LOIs because a great another great way to to, you know, have the conversation with the broker is to analyze one of their deals and get their attention by sending in a letter of intent, an offer, right? Even if it's low, it's not the point, right? Because then you use it as a follow-up to say, "Hey, I just sent you in an LOI on this deal. I want to chat about it. You know, take a look and let's chat." And just kind of walk through that scenario with them. So, there's just different ways to approach it, but at the end of the day, all you're doing it for is to slowly build the rapport with them. And then you're going to have to do the follow-up. You're going to have to chase them because the brokers are not chasing you. Unfortunately, I wish they did, but very, very few will. At least the ones that are are busy enough, they're not going to chase you. So, you're going to have to kind of chase them down and then make sure you're getting on their email list. So, you heard he's going to put me on his email list. I'll make sure that happens, right? So, there's a follow-up process to make sure I get on their email list, that whole game. Uh, and then just staying in touch, being top of mind, right? Being top of- mind. Does that make sense, Christian? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And and and what I will do is indeed I will just send them a quick note to as a followup on like, "Hey, uh, didn't hear anything about the the listing. Um, have you been able to to add me to your list? Correct. That's right. In that way, uh, can everybody hear Christian? Okay. Just by the way, coming out of that, just want to make sure. Okay. Yeah, that's really weird. It's got to be something frequency with the phone. Huh. That is strange. We'll have to figure that out. But yes, that is correct. And you'll have to do the follow-up game with them. Um the one of the greatest quotes I've heard I you know I've heard a lot of them but one of the another ones that always sit with me is uh closed mouths don't get fed Christian &gt;&gt; closed mouths do not get fed right so if you want it you got to get it which means you have to do the chasing right you have to go hunt right there's hunters and gatherers in the world right if you think about you know that big concept there's hunters and gatherers uh hun You know, hunters, they slaughter. Gatherers get slaughtered. And so, you can't be the gatherer, right? You have to go hunt and and just be the chaser. And that's okay. But you do it in a kind, you know, respectful way. Um, and and you just got to keep going at it because eventually it'll pop, right? Eventually, it'll absolutely pop. Um, Brian says, "Yes, it really has helped to actually go visit a listing." Yes, it does. Even if you're not buying it, I acted like I wanted to buy it. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, one of the greatest things, uh, you know, the keys to manifesting anything, which is why many of you even are on here doing this, getting to this point, is, you know, they always say, "How do you do it?" Okay. Well, first step one is to ask the universe for something like, "I would like to own a 30 unit apartment building." Okay, great. Now, you have to actually get your mind and body to believe, right? because that's what actually aligns the frequency so that way the universe will align with it. The only way you can get your body and your mind to believe is you got to go put yourself in the scenario to where you can actually get your state of mind in that feeling. Driving the properties, literally driving in front of them, acting as if you own that thing, feeling as though you own it, right? Acting the part, right? That hence the reason we do some of the mock deal stuff that we talk about. It's getting your body in that motion of doing the exercise because that energy then creates that opportunity. So, you have to believe it, right? But a lot of people can't believe it without seeing that thing. That whole game of I don't believe it till I see it. Okay, great. Then go see it. Go drive in front of this 20 unit. Go look at it. Get out, walk around it, feel it. Get a sense of God, if I own this thing, it'd be great. It'd feel awesome, right? get the energy flowing so that way the frequency aligns with it and we move out of the virtual world into the real world and that's why the market trips or driving your neighborhoods and areas if it's in your backyard is so critically important right so that way we move from kind of this the virtual world on phones and computers into you know boots on the ground really really really critical so that's that's cool that you mentioned that Brian because yes I mean we didn't ever really get going serious until after I'd made my market trip to Kansas City, Missouri, right? Because leading up to it, for a month or two leading up, I was just online looking at deals at night, analyzing them, writing offers, looking at deals, analyzing them, writing offers, calling brokers, right? Doing all that song and dance. And that's all great, very important part of the process. But now I needed to make my market trip. And I did. Set the date. flew out there, had a couple uh meetings set up with a couple brokers, toured a couple deals, met some property managers, um talked to a couple lenders locally there in in the market, and lo and behold, within 30 days of that market trip, locked up my first deal. Boom. Because now energetically, I was like, "Okay, I see it. I feel it. I believe it. I see it. I feel it. I believe it." Now, I had face-toface time with the broker. So, they're like, "Okay, I like this guy. I like this person. I'd like to do some business with him." Looks like they have all their stuff in a row. They got the website set up. They have their team in place, support system. They look like, you know, they're legit. And I talked to him a little bit. It sounds like he explained how they put their money together. He had spoken with a local lender, so at least the financing. He had some soft commitments on the financing. And then he had some investors in his database that he'd warmed up and gotten soft commitments from. And it all kind of looked like they had their ducks in a row. It wasn't a one-hit pony. It wasn't somebody trying to figure this out and didn't have their ducks in a row ready to go. Because what that's going to do is give the confidence to the broker that, hey, if I award you this 10, 15, 20 unit apartment building, you're not going to make me look like a right? You have a good chance of closing it, right? Not guaranteed, but good chance. And that's the purpose of doing that. Plus, energetically, it puts you in front of the properties. And I can tell you just from walking the deals, getting in the market, touring the neighborhoods, meeting the property managers, meeting the the brokers, meeting the lenders, energetically, it's going to put your body in the state of like going, "Okay, I could feel it. I could see it. I can believe it." And all of a sudden, boom, it will happen. It will absolutely happen. So, that's the process for that, which is why it's so critical. So, I love that. I love that, Brian. Um, yeah. I wish we could have caught more brokers. That's really weird. We're going to have to finish out the microphone thing for this because uh it's worked on all the other ones. I don't know why it's not for some reason working on uh on this mic. But any last questions before we finish up today, but I wanted to kind of tag back on that kind of mock deal portion, right, of the of the process because it's it's really critical and a lot of you are doing it. you're seeing the results, right? Which is key in kind of running through, okay, we've we've done our business set up. We've got our market selection. We're starting to make calls, analyze deals, write offers. We're doing all that stuff. Kind of starting here. Got to do the market trip. And then we're going to set up the capital foundation, right? And this is critical because in in this stage, this is where you're doing your mock deal. you're actually going through the exercise as though you're doing it because that's going to set the table for when things get real real and then you get a deal under contract. Okay, really important. Um, Kelly says, "GP funds that come in, those are considered active. U but the LP side that we receive would be considered passive or all active since we are GP on the deal." When you say active and passive uh any investments into this uh game is uh technically is a it's passive income, right? It's capital gains income. It's capital gains investment money. So from a tax perspective, it's all passive. Uh now how active you are, right? It's active money, meaning you're putting the money in, you're doing the work, you're setting things up, you're the general partner. Yes. Um but it's considered from a tax IRS perspective, it's passive investing. It's capital gains. Yeah. Um correct. So Brian, yeah, Brian stated that um you're learning that you can't always offer at the price that shows up in your analyzer. Seems like you have to at times work down to a price that works after the walkth through helping the broker and seller see the need for price adjustment. Yes. So let's talk about that for a minute. So let's say you know they have a price on it. You do all the financials. We've all seen that. You realize it doesn't work you know and all things being equal meaning you have the financials in there in terms of revenue and expenses. Then you take out any um economic loss and stuff like that. You get all the numbers in alignment to where it's good. Numbers are good. Well, the only other thing that can change is the price, right? And then you work yourself backwards to a price that actually makes the deal make sense. And then from there, you can make an offer. Now, you don't want to make an offer exactly at like the threshold of where you could go, the top. You want to take some off of that, negotiate up to that. But the key is getting the LOI out into the market and then calling that broker out of respect because it's probably low in some cases and having the conversation because whether that deal works or another one, you're trying to set the precedent that okay, I sent you something. You know, I know what I'm doing. Here's why. And hey, if this deal doesn't work, I'd like to consider some other ones. Let's talk some more. The whole purpose of that is to use it as a lure for further conversation. Whether it's that deal or other deals, I want to do business. I'd love to do it with you. That's the concept. Um, question from Helena. How often should you stay in touch with the brokers to build a strong relationship and check in if they have any new deals? Once a week. Once a week. Uh, what do you think about setting up an automation system using emails and SMS? You certainly can. Nothing terribly wrong with that. Uh, but once again, you're not, you know, blasting 100 brokers, right? Right? I mean, you're probably dealing with five to 10 maybe at a time that you're communicating with and building relationships with. So, it all can be done, you know, more intimately uh within your your phone to kind of keep it that way because it it once again it still goes back to the concept of this is a good old cowboy and cowg girls club, right? And it's just it's different than residential where it's, you know, you can go out there online and find the deals and stuff. It's still, you know, good old cowgirl and cowboys club and do I like you? Do I trust you? I'm going to hold everything close to the vest and I will let it out to people that I like. And that's how they run it, right? And so you we got to get into that ecosystem. And like I said, you don't need a ton of them. You need three or four good ones and you'll have enough deal flow. Yeah. Um, Goofron says, "Do we have to follow up after submitting an LOI?" No, you absolutely. I I follow up the second I send it. Right. So, I literally will press send on the email and then I'm sending them a text or a phone call right afterwards saying, "Hey, John, just sent you an LOI on the deal. It's a bit aggressive, but I'd like to go over the numbers with you to see where I may be wrong." question mark. Because what I'm doing by saying to see where I may be wrong, question mark, he's going to look at the LOI or she's going to look at the LOI and the first thing out of their mind's going TO BE, "GOD DAMN, THIS THING." They're going to be pissed. Right? That's okay, right? It's okay because you preface them by saying, "You know what? It's aggressive, but I'd like to go over the numbers and see where I may be wrong." And then you're going to follow up with them, right? you're going to follow up with them and let let them tell you otherwise. It's okay. It's all financials based, guys. Most of the I I will tell you right now, very few brokers know how to underwrite deals. Very few. Some are very good at it. Most are not. And the reason they're not is because very, you know, not enough of them own apartment buildings. So, they don't know true operations, right? I mean, you have to understand that what they do is they they take the financials that the owner provides them. They fluff them up and put nice, you know, fluffy all over them and then they put them into an OM that you see and then you're putting that into your analyzer. And half of it's full of But that's just the way that it works. Your job, knowing the market, knowing how to underwrite correctly, is to take those numbers, plug them in. Fine. Then we're going to work our way backwards to reality. And then it's going to come down to the seller's motivation. If the seller really doesn't need to sell and there's not a lot of motivation there, then they're not going to be sitting in real world. They're still in La La Land. In that La La Land, they can sit on the property. That's totally fine. The whole purpose of that exercise is to build the relationship with the broker so that way when other deals come around, right, that are pre-market and stuff, you get access to those first because the ones on Crexy suck. We all know that. And when you underwrite them, they suck. And the reason they're on the website is because they suck. So, you just have to work your way backwards to get into the deals that are precy because those are the ones that are going to make some sense, right? Some sense. Yeah. And that's that's the key to it. So you're you're using KRExy and you're using the brokers and the relationships there to work your way back to get to pre-market right before Kraxy and Loopnet because that's where the deals are really going to happen. But you're not going to get there without building a little bit of rapport with these brokers. And you could see from Jared, you know, uh on that first call there with him. Yeah, he he was he was cold, right? And I was trying to figure out how to maneuver that a little bit. Um, but at the end of the day, he warmed up kind of towards the end and I'll send him a text. I'll get on their email list. We'll start that kind of building process. Yeah. Um, cool. Awesome everybody. Well, sorry about the technical difficulties today. Um, but yeah, what I want you all to keep doing and if you have questions on this, let us know. But I mean, a lot of you are kind of in this right in the stages here, right? right around four through six, right? You're kind of in that pocket where you're starting to, you know, you've done everything else up front. Now you're between four and six and now we need to get you over the hump into the offer and then deal contract stage. And so it's you're running that gamut, right, of the brokers, deal flow, brokers, deal flow, analyze deals, write offers, setting up the market trip if you have not done that and getting that lined up. And then if you know, if you're weird about that, let's talk through that, right? because if you know if you're going on your own, if you're setting it up, let's walk through that conversation of what um you should expect, um questions you may have regarding it, how do you handle it, all that stuff. Happy to go over that. And then the Capital Foundation, you guys already know, getting all that set up and running a mock deal for yourself on that, which some of you have done done a great job. Christian, you're one of them. So, um cool. Awesome. Everybody, I'll be respectful of your time. Any questions, let us know. But I was this helpful at all today? Thumbs up or thumbs down. Cool. Yeah, you bet. Yeah, we're all here for you, you know, but we got we got to move through some of these stages. I just want to I I know some of the the roadblocks run around conversations with brokers and that's fine. We got to get through that. We got to fight through that. And then doing the mock deal. Really important. So that way it's almost like you're going to go through the preseason. I mean, you have to think of it like that. You're doing the exercise in the preseason so you can get to the regular season. Yeah. So, awesome everybody. We'll be in touch. Thanks so much.