testing one. Hey Chocolate one. Testing one, two, three. Testing 456. Awesome. Let everybody come on in here real quick and we'll get started. Happy Tuesday. How's everybody doing? Good. We got some some some people driving, some people sitting. That's good. Most people sitting. Beautiful. Uh so, a couple things today. One, I want to talk about any uh kind of challenges you're seeing right now. What deals you guys are looking at? Um, you know, have you been, you know, sticking to kind of that action guide and stuff? And are you guys reviewing deals, uh, you know, and spending an hour a day if you can, you know, looking at a few deals online, analyzing them quickly, setting up for if it does make sense for offers and stuff. Uh but going through that number one and then number two um I'll show you even a deal that Matt and Hayden are working on right now. They're they're supposed to close this week. They've gotten an extension. Um you know, we'll talk about they're they're they're pretty close. They're pretty close. Um they have about 100 grand they need to finalize and raise. So I'll kind of give you guys details on that. But I thought it was interesting um because this is a good example of kind of where they're at in the escrow process and closing and kind of getting down to, you know, the last minutes where you're trying to finalize the capital, right? And not uncommon that uh you know, you get a little money here, a little money there to kind of get across the finish line. So, we'll kind of chat about that because that's kind of real life in the- moment stuff as to what's going on. So, um, we got Bruce coming in. Very cool. Allan, good to see you here. Cristiano, Joe, Mike, beautiful. Um, yeah, and it's great because, you know, all the the deals you guys are sending in for the team and us to review. Uh, love that. I mean, that that's kind of the process, right? And and once you get comfortable with reviewing the numbers to where you know you're getting the reviews back and everything kind of looks pretty good, that means you're using the analyzer well and you know how to look at the numbers and adjust things to get things to make sense. So now you can you can make offers. So that's awesome. Um yeah, let me share my screen. Uh any wins this week? Kind of want to share. Cristiano, how are you doing, sir? Hello. Uh, I'm doing great. Uh, yes, I have my mother visiting from Europe. So, um, I been like just joining the the webinars, took a look at the at a few properties on Crai, familiarizing with the with the deal analyzer. So, I'll probably be ready to pull the trigger on something in September. the meantime, I'm just following, studying, and practicing. Okay. Yeah. And you and feel free, I mean, literally to throw offers out there. I mean, I don't care if they're low offers, right? Um it's it's kind of to go through that initial process, even quite honestly, if you don't pull the trigger, if you're if you're just using it for an exercise, right, to actually meet brokers and talk to brokers, you know, that's okay as long as you're not wasting an enormous amount of their time, right? But going through that initial process of that back and forth on the dog and pony show a little bit um to get that underway. Uh that would be my recommendation, you know, because September September, next thing you know, it's it's 2026, right? So, I would say, you know, there's never never too late to to throw offers out there. Uh how how are you and Ryan doing? You know, we're we're just not uh not getting any traction. Um, I submitted an LOI on something and which we had um, uh, there it had been under contract. It then fell out. So then the broker reached back out to us. Um, we went ahead and submitted. I mean, I think they were asking 2.2 for 27 uh, I think it was a 25 or 27 unit and um, we came in at 2 million and that's really where it pencled. Um I mean that was at about a 17 you know irr and um and even the uh the equity multiplier was at about 1.87. So you know any more than that it didn't really pencil. Anyways the guy said that the uh the initial uh buyers came back at a higher uh um you know offer and and uh so that's that. But, you know, did you ask um because I'm just curious uh you know, chatting with that broker um you know, price obviously being one component of it fine, but did they are what kind of capital are they getting, right? Because it is, you know, financials. So, do they have cheaper money somehow? Are they putting more money down? So, I' I'd be curious to see Yeah. the deal. Yeah. Yeah. Just their their capital stack trying to understand, you know, how are they uh bringing in the money, how are they bringing in the debt, you know, for it. I mean, maybe the broker could share that with you. Um because I mean, I would have a because it's a good exercise even to call him now and say, "What's his name?" The broker's name. Um Jason. Yeah. I mean, I'd call him and say, you know, "Look, Jason, I know that we lost out on this again because the guys came back, you know, I'm curious. I mean, because the numbers are what they are, Jason. So, talk to me a little bit about their loan structure and maybe their capital structure. Are they getting cheaper money somehow? Are they coming in with more money down? Trying to get an understanding of kind of where that stands. Uh because I'd just be curious, you know, we're trying to obviously make offers out there and buy deals and but if people are getting cheaper capital, I need to know where that's at. Sure. Sure. Right. Uh because that's a conversation to have with the broker and the broker will be straight up with you if you're straight up with them. Yeah. Yeah, you should be right. Yeah. And they'll be straight up with you if you just have that conversation. And then we're folks coming in right now just to kind of update you real quick. So, I was chatting here with with Tony and Ryan because, you know, they're throwing out LOIs, you know, trying to make deals happen, getting beat out a little bit here and there. And so, they just got beat out on a deal uh that they resubmitted on. And I was mentioning to Tony that exercise would be to call the broker and say, "Hey, look on the guys, Jason, as if they have cheaper money somehow or they're putting somehow more money down." So, by chance, how much are they putting down, Jason? And he's like, "Well, they're putting 45%." Well, okay. So, that tells you they're putting more money down, right? Uh, you do you know what kind of debt they're getting? Are they getting just normal fixed rate debt? what kind of interest rate generally speaking and you just be straight up with them and say, "Listen, you know, we're trying to make good offers. We're trying to make things happen and we're getting beat out a little bit here and there and it's it's probably due to our cost to capital somehow. So, unless there's a structure that we're missing, it'd be helpful if you can share that with me because I'd love to buy some deals through you this year, Jason." you know, kind of throw it back on his shoes because they'll share that with you and they'll say, "Yeah, look, you know, they're actually u looks like they're, you know, 45% down and they're getting they have some money partner that's giving them, you know, five and a half% debt." Well, that makes a big difference. Sure. You know, and if there's something unique to that debt that they're getting, it'd be nice to know, you know, whether or not you can do it or not is one thing, but it'd be nice to know. Yeah. Yeah. And the other challenge of course is you know trying to get our first deal and then since there is no experience per se and of course then they're looking to see you know what uh you've got to have enough assets to at least uh meet the loan amount. So that's a bit of a challenge. You know what I'm saying? So we're just Yeah. So So yeah. And let's chat on that because I know Luis is in here and Samira because I know they're going through it right now on a deal. Um, Luis, do you want to speak to that? Because I I kind of we went over some things that you're able to leverage us on as a strategic partner with you. Uh, no different than I think Tony and you, Ryan, you guys did both on your website and in your um, statement of real estate owned, right? Um, so Luis, are you in here? Do you want to chat on that real quick? And I I think Samir, I think you see you in here as well. Hello. Hi, everyone. Yes, I'm here. I'm not sure that Luis is online. Yeah, he is. I see him here. I just don't know if he's maybe driving. Okay. Louis, you wanted to explain. Hello. I don't hear. No, you can go ahead and then he'll Yeah, we recently um uh we recently found a apartment building and after all the deal analyzing and um so we went for a Yes. Louis. Hi, how are you? Hey. Yeah. Hi everyone. Sorry about that. I'm like I suck at Zoom on my um phone. Okay, keep going Samra. Okay. Yes, I was explaining that. Okay. We uh we went for a LOI the uh first one and then um the broker told us that um uh we approved for the next uh step which is the final uh offer and uh so we increase a little our offer based on the analyzing uh the datas and then we were still waiting to see that um how um the offer went True. And um so we are in this step and we already submitted the last LOI on Monday. So we hope that we get approval by Thursday. Yeah. And then regarding the um the kind of the proof of funds thing that we discussed and the state of real estate owned the SRO or whatever the statement of real estate owned. And you said one thing Justin sorry to cut you off. you made a really great catch and that was that we had put down I guess it was in your template it was 5% um earnest money I think that we didn't we didn't change anything right but you're like why is it so high and so we we changed that to 2% so I just want to say that like to we're we didn't know and so we could have very well been like backed ourselves in the corner of like now we have to cough up 5% like in 20 days as opposed to 1% or 2%. Yeah. So yeah, that was a really that was a lot. Uh yeah, because it's typically 1 to 2%, you know, on the earnest money. Uh especially on these big for how how many days is usually they put? We put 20 days, but I saw that in 30 days. Yeah, 28 to 30 days. For the first payment, for the initial payment. Oh, no, no, no. For the talking about for the earnest money. Yes. For Yeah, you typically would go in within 72 hours of executed contract. Executed contract. Okay. Interesting. So, but we put it I think we made a mistake. Um, they put 20 20. I don't know. I mean, we But if they if that's an issue, then we can change it. You know, that's Yeah, you can update that. Keep in mind, it's an LOI, so it's it's a guiding point. But no, the earnest money would go in within a few days of executed contract. So, the template that we give you has all that language in there. You don't really need to change anything other than the numbers really. Um, but that'll get you going on that. And then the due diligence period typically 30 days, 28 to 30. Um, and you want that because that's part of your um, you know, money raising time as well and getting comfortable with the deal both financially and and and physically all of that. So, okay. And then, you know, kind of what we told you like we've let everybody know is, you know, leverage our team as your strategic partner team for your website. And you know technically you can uh leverage the statement of real estate owned you know and take one of our deals and you know let them know that hey we've been involved with our strategic partners and you can classify it as that. That's totally legit without lying. Um to give yourself a little bit better clout. So you know we we like that and that's a good thing. I know that, you know, Tony and Ryan and the guys and other folks have done the exact same thing to uh give a little bit better clout and experience as they're getting to that finish line um on the deals. And the only reason we moved forward, like Samira already said, it was just because the broker reached out and was like, "Hey, you have a really good shot at this." So, they they did take three um offers and ours was was one of them. So, just want to be really clear about that. There was a bunch of like we've been submitting LOI this whole time. But yeah, the reality is that this one actually could potentially see the light day. So, we're like, okay, let's do it. Yeah, I like it. I like it. Thanks for sharing, you guys. Thank you for your help. Also, and then uh let's uh John, I see you there. And then we'll go to John, Bruce, and Allan. Hold on. Are you there, John? I think he's frozen. Give him a second here and then we'll have Bruce jump in. And very quickly question. Um we are working on our pitch deck. Uh is it possible that we ask for a little simplest uh version because this version is um I think it's for um more valuable properties and um it has many pages that maybe uh conf make a confusion for the um investors. So is there anything that could you make it a little shorter and it's uh yeah simplest? Yeah. So you can I mean you can very easily take pages out of it, right? Because it's a PowerPoint or uh in this case if you put it up into Canva, it would u but you can take as many pages out of it as you wish. We obviously wanted to give you the full monty. So that way you have it right. And then you can delete pages that you don't see applicable to your deal if it is overkill. Right. That's totally fine. Yeah. Totally fine. Um Bruce. Oh yes sir. You want to go to John or me? Uh, don't see John. Oh, there's John. John's back now. There you go. Sorry. You're off. Um, question. So, I've got a there's an off offmarket property that I'm talking to a broker about, right? And he keeps wanting me to sign this agency buyer agreement for with a 2% I'm assuming fee for him is the way I'm reading it. So, that add like another 80 to $100,000 to the deal. Yeah. and it doesn't seem to want to work with that. I mean, on an offmarket deal, are people normally paying that broker a broker fee or does that seller still paying that broker or both sides pay that broker or how is Yeah. So, let me ask you this. Is the So, is it is the is the property represented by a broker currently or no? No, it's off the market. Okay. Gotcha. Yeah. So, think of it like this way. Um, you're borderline paying a finder fee, right, is what you're doing. So, the broker is getting a 2% finder fee for bringing a deal to the table. And if there's no listing broker in the in in the deal, um then it could be beneficial, right? At the end of the day, it comes down to numbers. So, um you know, the seller, I mean, I I would probably negotiate either way you craft it, okay? I would negotiate it into the deal, okay? Because yeah, if you're having to pay 50, 60, 80 grand as a part of the closing cost, and you just got to let the broker know that. You just got to let them know, listen, I I'll sign this thing, but just understand I'm going to be negotiating whatever this cost is into the deal. So, you're going to be get get ready to negotiate and sharpen your pencils and put your big boy pants on because you're going to be negotiating uh to to earn this fee. Is that standard operating procedure when a property is off market or Yeah, it's not uncommon, right? I mean, if he's a deal if he's a deal finder and he can find a deal and bring those to the table that are off market, but he the broker just needs to understand that you're negotiating that fee into the price. Okay? So, he's going to have to figure out a way to do that. And if the propertyy's represented by a listing broker and they're paying a fee, then he's going to negotiate his fee right into the deal. So if if if there was listed by a broker, would you still use an agency for a buyer broker or would you I mean explain that? No. I mean if you have an if you have the ability to go around and not because there's not really buyers agents in commercial as much. I mean they are here and there but I would you know if if they bring a specific deal to you and that deal make and it makes sense and you can negotiate their fee as a part of it. It's all numbers right? It's all numbers then fair, right? And if that thing's not present represented by a listing broker, then you could actually it could make out just fine financially. If it is represented by a listing broker, then same thing, uh that listing broker is probably getting paid 5%. To list that property, so he can offer two to the buy to your agent and take three. Make sense? Oh, I see. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And so, you know, signing that is it's not really it's not that big of a deal. Okay. Um, so it's not that big of a deal. I mean, you're it's all relative to you actually moving forward on a deal. And you just need to account for that in the price and in the numbers and everything. And if it's not penciling, then you say, "Hey, you know, listen to the deal's not penciling." So, I mean, it's this 80,000 or 60,000 in your fee, you know, we need to ask that from the seller or take it off the price. One of the two. Okay. And I'm going to get that I'm going to redo that underwriting a little bit with more of that in there. Maybe I'll send that to you in the next couple days. Yeah, that'd be great. Thank you, Bruce. Hello. Hello. Hey, just on the same subject we were just talking about, I'm just curious, John, if if uh you got into those through Facebook because I did and these guys are there's more than a couple of them out there and they're basically they're just multifamily wholesalers. Uh this one was and I've seen those guys. Uh, this one was a I looked at a different property of his and we kind of talked a little bit about whether he was he's actually a listing agent on our broker on and but this one was off market because I just said as I was talking to, hey, you got anything else might be coming like you guys kind of taught us to do there and you're like, "Yeah, I got this deal and this is kind of where we're at with it." So, understood. I I got into the same type thing through Facebook and I I backed out of it. Anyway, I just wanted to throw that in. Um, so Justin, I'm I'm getting ready to uh go on my first uh trip uh going to uh Huntsville for a couple of days and then I'm going to Tuscaloosa. But what I wanted to ask is um what's your take on uh student housing uh properties? Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, if you're looking at student housing, you just want to be around a university that's actually has a population, student housing population growth, actually get those numbers. Um, I would start even with AI because it'll pull up some of the data about the school and see where the trajectories at in terms of population growth for the student body. You want that in a positive growth rate for the last x amount of years and then into the future. Okay, that's a critical component to it. um because a lot of universities are flatlining in their in their tuition or in their um their student body. So, you just want to look at that very very closely that they're in a growth mode uh for the area. Yeah. And it's it's its own business model, right? Because you're it is it's transitory. You know, you have certain times of years that you're rented, other times you're not. That whole game. Um so, it's just looking at it's it's it's a rental model. there's just a higher, you know, vacancy issue and all of that, but you're also making more revenue because of the um the per bed model, right? Right. Per unit. Yeah. Something that's, you know, outside of this. But I uh I just got into this gal. She's a she's Keller Williams agent and she's got a niche. She's developed a niche of selling uh these uh student housing properties for uh you know owners that just are ready to get out of them. And um she's got several. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So just look at the universities that they're that they're um surrounded by and that that are feeding them with uh with people. Make sure on they're on a growth pattern. That that'd be the biggest biggest component of that for sure. But yeah, it's a good model. I mean it does work. I mean, some of our partners have student housing and they do work. Um, but you just want to be tactful in in the areas you're in. I mean, I I'm leery. I I'll say that. I don't mind. I would just say, yeah, I would just say look at the look at the numbers. I I would investigate it. Uh, and as long as the student body is growing and that population is growing for the university on a on a good trajectory, then it's absolutely worth looking at. It's University of Alabama. That's a good good That's a good school. It is a good football school, too. Good everything school. They got all kinds of good sports there. Um, the city's growing as well. So, anyway, yeah, take a look at that. That'd be an interesting one. Okay, very good. All right, Alan, how are you, sir? Hey, pretty good. Can you hear me? Okay. Yeah. Um, so I submitted an LOI over the weekend for a Colorado Springs property. I found it on Crexy. It wasn't a good deal as you've, you know, explained in the past for the deals that are on Crexy. Um, he they went at 6 million for it. I offered 5.1. Um, is he required to submit that that broker to the seller? Um, um, not really. I mean, they don't have to. Uh, they should, you know, I mean, they should. Uh, but yeah, it's not like um residential. Uh, you know, still a cowboy club, cowgirl club. Okay. Um, but no, I mean they they don't have to do anything really, right? Okay. But your relationship with them should be, hey, like right I mean I would follow up the LOI with a phone call. Sure. You know, and talk to him about it and say, hey, listen, I submitted the LOI. I understand it, you know, decent amount lower than you're asking. Yeah. I ran numbers. I mean, I'd be happy to share those numbers with you and then have you maybe tell me where I'm going wrong. Yeah. And I put pretty much that in in my statement to them. I said to get the, you know, debt coverage ratio, you know, coming in at 1.25. This is the number that I came up with. And I said I do have financing that's, you know, been preapproved by a lender. But, um, okay. Yeah. And I would just say keep the conversations alive with the broker whether the deal works or not. I mean, it's just Yeah. It's it's making sure they understand you're not lowballing, right? It's simply based on financials. Yeah. and you're happy to share your underwriting with them real quick and then have them tell you where you're wrong. They would love to do that. I'm sure they would. Yeah. And but but it's a great it's a great way to connect with them, right? It's making them feel like, hey, you know, this guy's in it with us. He's trying to make things happen. He's not a jackass, you know, trying to like be a good investor even though his numbers are off or whatever. Blah blah blah, right? If anything, you're keeping the conversations going because deals will happen, right? It's just a matter the conversations, right? Can I throw in one more quick one real quick question? Um, as far as an expense ratio, what throws up a red flag in your opinion? Like in the offering memo, for example, if they if they're saying like 35% expenses for the property, I mean, is that Yeah. The only places where if it's a keep in mind, a vintage, right? So yeah, anything um 1970 to probably should be running somewhere between a 35 to 50% expense ratio. 35 to 50%. And that will depend on the state. So you could go as low as probably 30 35% if it's in Nevada or Arizona because property taxes and insurance are super low which make up a huge portion of your expenses. Okay. Most other states it's going to be at least 40 plus to 50. It's going to be 40 to 50%. For for that for that vintage for that vintage 1990 to 1970 1960 like right in that vintage you're going to be you know, 40 to 50% expense ratio and I would assume I don't care what what they tell you, right? No, it's just okay. Um, and they know that. The brokers know that. So, but they try and squeeze things out of the expenses and put them in capex and all that cute stuff. Um, so that that would be that to keep that in mind when you're underwriting it. And Right. And yeah, I would I would just have them Yeah, they'd have to really verify those numbers if they're trying to tell you it's less than that, right? And then post 1990 less. 1990 or newer, you can definitely get into the 30s. Okay. Right. On your expense ratios, mainly because of the repairs and maintenance numbers are going to be much lower. Okay. Right. Um so you can definitely do that for sure. Got it. Thank you. Yeah. Um let's see. I see. Let me uh run through this deal real quick. I think we had kind of shared it briefly. This is for Matt and Hayden. So, they're I think they're supposed to close tomorrow, but they did get an extension and let me just read their emails. Um separate Thursday. So, in terms of their capital raising, they need 620,000. They have about 550 to 600 uh committed. So, they're not far off. you know, they're less than a h 100red grand away from having the capital they need. Uh so at the end of the day, um you know, let's call it 80 grand to 100 grand in capital needed to uh to get across the finish line. And pretty good little deal. Pretty good little deal. If any of you guys want to reach out, you know, I'll connect you with them and stuff. Um but yeah, nice little 33 unit in Missouri. I mean, even um you know, Tony and and Ryan, if you guys liked it, did you talk to these Did you talk to Matt and Hayden on this one by chance? Oops. I'm going to unmute you. There you go. Uh oh, you're still mute. [Laughter] All right. How's that? Is that better? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, they approached us initially um because we have talked talked about partnering on some stuff together. Um but it just you know what they're already pretty deep uh you know in the funnel. Um they had an accepted PSA and what they were offering in the way of um equity position what they wanted for us as far as the raise that just didn't it didn't work for our Yeah. our objectives. So gotcha. Yeah. But it's uh yeah cool little deal. I mean in terms of the the underwriting they got 18 plus% a year uh returns on it. It's a nice stabilized asset, cash flowing decent. Um, you keeping a reasonable preferred return on it, which is good. Uh, they're giving good splits, 80% uh, going to investors. So, it's a nice little deal. Nice little deal in Missouri. Um, yeah, I like I mean, nice little pitched roof, the design of it. They're going to repaint, do some other things to it, but nice little uh I think it's a 1986 product, which is, you know, good vintage. I mean, look at that. Look at that. Is that is classic. Holy moly. I think we should all move in. Let's everybody move into this apartment complex. I mean, this is legitly classic. 1980s, perfect. Um, but yeah, it's a lot of just cosmetic lick them and stick them on it. um which is nice. But yeah, they're in a good part of Kansas City. Um so yeah, if anybody has interest, I think they're going to do another webinar on it. But um yeah, we'll throw this out to the community and everybody there. see if there's, you know, people that want to come either, you know, come in and raise some capital, get paid a fee, or come into the deal and and partner up and get a piece of because typically when you raise money, just so you understand how the game works is if you're raising capital, you'll get one a piece of the equity, small piece, maybe a couple percentage in case in in this case 50 to 80 grand, I call it 100 grand, you'd probably get um you know 2% of the equity. So, it's not a huge, but you'd also get a fee of 3% uh for raising capital. So, at the end of the day, you have an upside in there, probably, you know, 5% of equity plus, you know, several thousand and a fee uh for money raised and put into it. So, it's it's definitely worth worth time for making connections. But that's typically how capital raising gets done is, you know, somebody introduces you or introduces you to somebody. You know, they'll get a 3% fee based on the capital raised plus a small piece of the equity uh for doing that and then they get an upside and all they're doing is making connection like literally an introduction like a three-way text. So, it's it's not an enormous amount of work to uh to get into deals if you're great with capital and great with people and or you're a good deal finder. So, that's how that typically uh gets structured. Yeah, interesting little deal. $25,000 minimum investment. So, yeah, if there's anybody in here that has interest in looking at this, you know, chime in in the chat and uh we'll send you the information. And we'll do this on, you know, all the deals. So, if there's anything even in your um even in the chat stuff or you guys have stuff that you need partnerships, that's how we want to connect people on the capital side, you know, inside the app. I mean that's the main main reason even for you know the app on the phone is to start number one sharing deals uh communicating and chatting inside there. If you use the at@ symbol just so everybody knows inside your app and you're in the chat and you say at and it'll start popping up people's names you can attach them to one of your comments or chats and that will connect people right and then another thing is like inside that app when you go in there uh if you go into Just opening it up. Now, if you go into the left hand side, so under So, see if you can kind of pull I don't know if you can see that. If that'll do that, you'll see like up here there's like the two um right here. Oh, darn thingies. There you go. Stinkers. Yep. Two little squares. Yeah. Yep. So that changes you back and forth between your premier community which is everybody in the mentorship and the free community which has got like 4,300 people in it back in between those. But if you go to the premier one then you'll see down on the lefth hand side. Gosh darn it. One of these things I should get rid of the background. You'll see kind of the list and the list has all the hashtags for your region whether you're southwest, southeast, northeast, west coast, you know, all that stuff in there. and you can go ahead and add yourself into those regions based on where you're at and that way we can start segmenting people based on your region for chat and sharing deals and capital raising and all that stuff. So, you know, definitely spend the time in there to start setting that up for yourself because you'll see more and more activity. And then once you're set up with your profile, you'll have the notifications thing up on the top. And if you click on that, every single time you sign in, you'll see where people have commented, they've attached you in a chat, they've shared a deal with you, they've shared a message with you, all the above inside there. And then you can go into the discussions section and chat with people that way, too. So, it's you can kind of move around that app, but it's definitely worth utilizing to start with this capital raising, sharing, showing deals, all that stuff because that's part of the networking side of what we're doing. So, but it's very very valuable and we've been in there sharing deals and all that stuff. So, um, beautiful. Um, I see Rory and Rex in here. Beautiful. How are you guys doing? Robbie, how you doing, man? I see you in here, too. You have a nice house behind you. Is that yours? Yeah. I almost bought this one. Didn't. No. Um, so how is the uh viewing analyzing deal portion going and then we'll kind of finish up on that, but I know that we've been sending back some of the analyzations and stuff the team has on the deals you guys are sending in. You Leandro and all you guys everybody send. So keep keep it up, you know, because you just and once you get comfortable and I should say when you get your reviews back and there's not a lot of updates and stuff in them, then that lets you know, okay, you're starting to use that analyzer really well and you could probably start just moving through deals knowing that, hey, my I'm putting in the numbers correctly because that's a it's an important piece of the puzzle for sure. Very important piece. Um, but then we got Rex and Roy on here. Uh, but yeah, Robbie, have you been analyzing any deals recently? Yes, I was working on the Idaho deal which basically unfortunately just fell through. Uh, they got almost asking price which is I don't know how they managed to do that. Um, yeah. So, uh been uh been looking at couple deals. Yeah. Yeah, I'm wondering if there's just um um I mean the only way that happens, right, is if there's just crazy low cost of capital and it happens to be with this group. Um or somehow they're doing a 1031, so it's mostly cash, right? And so they're avoiding I mean that's the only way that happens because the numbers are what they are. So the only way to be able to offer more and give better terms is if your cost of money is borderline cheap or free. And there's certain instances where that may happen, right? But other than that, you know, the financials are what they are unless they're looking at things and or speculating, but that's pretty tough to do these days. What is the current rate right now? I'm I'm I got about 7.35%. On the on the interest rate, correct? Yeah. depends on the bank and depends on the loan size. So, if you're over a million bucks and you're stabilized, meaning things cash flowing today, then you can use a Freddy or Fanny May loan and you'd probably be for a call, they call that a low balance loan, meaning it's under five million bucks, you'd probably be somewhere in the low to mid sixes on your rate today. If you are a local commercial bank, meaning if it's under a million dollars and you're having to go to a local commercial bank, then you're probably where you're at. Is your loan from a local commercial bank? Uh, it's a national bank. Um, it's out of Houston. Um, and then they had a broker in in Idaho. U, she she said like they could lower it a little bit down, but my guess is probably going to be 6.7 6.8, 8 which is still high. Y um so yeah what um uh what is the current cap rate like based on current financials? Does it say that? How many units is it? So it was 10 units um kind of forplex forplex and duplex. Um and it was at 6.5. Okay. The current cap rate. Yeah. So, you would need Yeah. I mean, you can't really take on an interest rate much greater than the cap rate current, right? So, you know, 675 if you could pull that off. I mean, it's possible. You may have to put a decent amount down, right? That's the that's the offset in order to get the debt coverage ratio. Yeah. Is it a Remind me, is that a stabilized property or is that a uh one that needs a lot of rena? It's it's very Well, it's fully occupied. Um, it's probably going to need some renovation as people uh leave and renewed lease. Uh, it's a 1981 1982 property. Roof looks good. Uh, there's no ACs in Idaho somehow. So, no air conditioning. There's a window that that's going to get a little warm. I know. So, there's a window, air conditioning, uh, that's about it. But, uh, good cash flow. Just the numbers didn't make sense. I was really shocked when they said they accepted. It was $50,000 less than the asking price. Like, it's crazy. Yeah. I mean, it's possible being a 10 unit that you just got a high net worth individual that's 1031ing into the money, right? And so, because of that, it's not really, it's weird. It's not a cash flow play, it's a tax play. Yeah. Right. And so that I mean you and being in Idaho, it's it's a hot market. So I mean there's you mean there's a lot of growth happening there. So you know people are are paying for for stuff there. But that's a a good market. Um, but that's I mean that's you know I I mean I'd almost even have the same conversation with that broker that I was mentioning to Allan and those guys is um you know it's worthwhile having the conversation to see hey you know these guys that came in at this price like what are the terms of their debt? I mean are they getting any debt? Is it all cash? Is it a 1031? I mean it's worth knowing so that way you know how to position. Plus, you're building a little bit of rapport with that broker uh in that process and letting them know, hey, you kind of know what you're doing, which is why you're asking certain questions. Yeah. Right. That's part of that role play a little bit is you're building a little bit of rapport with them and you know, hey, you didn't get the deal, but hey, you know, John broker, I'm curious, man, I really liked it. Um, you know, did they come in with cheap money? Is it a 1031? You know, what's their debt? What are they doing to be able to get that kind of price that you got? Oh, well, they're doing this, this, and this. Okay, awesome, man. Well, hey, I'm looking to buy through you. I'd love to do it this year. So, if you got stuff coming up or you're looking at things, I'd love to know about them, you know, feel free to send them my way. Yeah, send them my way because that's Yeah, it was it was definitely a surprise because we were backup offer and then they came back and say, "Yes, you guys are up." Uh, and then two days later they're like, "Oh, no, we got uh full ask and almost full ask in price." Gotcha. I was like, "Well, seems like just playing back and forth." Yeah. No, that can happen for sure. That's that's a bummer. But hey, it's got to you just got to keep moving. Keep moving. Yeah. You know, and I would, you know, I'd plan on turning over, you know, 15 to 20 offers before, you know, one may land. Yep. So, that's why I let everybody know I'm like, throw out LOIs. It's as good as the paper it's on, you know. Don't get attached or stuck to anything. You know, look at it. If you like it, underwrite it, write an offer for what it is. Have a conversation with the broker so that they understand why you're coming in where you're at and see what happens. You just never know. You just never know. So, uh, got another time for one more question. I don't know if it Leandro or Mike or Rory, uh, Rex. I can I can throw one. So, uh, I submitted a deal over the weekend. I don't know if you remember what the deal is. Yeah, I think they responded to that one if I'm not mistaken. I did get a, uh, a reply. Yes, I'll pull it up here with uh, stuff too. One second. Kind of want to hear from you first. How because the reply was that the the numbers look good. I want to hear from you like how good you think this deal is. And it does seem like it's a bigger deal than what I was uh hoping for for my first one. Uh so the amount of money to be raised is definitely intimidating. Yeah. And even my investment is uh quite above what I was uh hoping for for my first deal. So I don't kind of get getting your advice. What what would you do? Just let it go? Would you try lowering the the down payment? maybe uh getting another GP to partner with. Yeah. So, this one's in Georgia. If anybody, you know, we'll we could throw this out to the community, too, which is why, you know, trying to uh really start to collaborate, you know, with everybody in network is going to be key. Um but yeah, overall the numbers looked good. I think they highlighted here, you know, just double-checking your taxes and insurance. Um the expense ratio seemed a little bit low for this. I added 20,000 already on my end because those 20,000 in the contract serves there that wasn't reported anywhere. It was really low. Yeah. And so that's why it's just digging in with the broker to find out hey like you know typically a property of this age in this area you know should be running I mean unless there's something and this is your big two numbers right your property taxes and insurance. Yeah. And then it seemed like your maintenance and repair numbers were a little bit low, you know. So this they recently had a major renovation 500,000 that they invested in it. Okay. I don't know if that changes that. I mean, it does a little bit, but it's still a 1975 property. And unless they did plumbing and electrical uh and HVAC systems, which they may have, I would want to look at like what capex was done because that could reduce your repairs and maintenance numbers. That's possible. Mhm. You just want to see did they did they go in and change electrical, plumbing, HVAC systems because those would be your big component capex items that will start breaking and that's just because of a 1975 property. So, it's just accounting for that. So, it's it's looking really at these are your big components right here, these four, right? Taxes, insurance, maintenance, repair, turnover. So, it's really looking into these numbers because that'll affect this down here quite a bit. Everything else looked pretty good. And then, you know, it was, you know, it was populating a decent cash on cash irr. And I think then they adjusted this because you had 2950 or I think you had I had 3 million 3 million in there, but you know, 2950 it could work, but you just want to double check these numbers here. Mhm. Yeah. And then Yeah. I mean, you are you are raising, you know, million one, which Yeah. is is uh it's a de I mean, if you have a decent network, it's not hard. I don't. Yeah. But if if you don't have a decent network yet, that's why we try and keep everybody somewhere in that, you know, five six 700,000 like three to 700,000 range. 3 to 700,000 on a raise. Um and so and and you know, you're buying this thing for almost 200,000 a door. So that's why we also say the ideal prime point is somewhere between 50,000 a unit up to about 150,000 a unit is the sweet spot because that's also going to mean that your capital to raise and your down payments and loans and everything are going to be, you know, more bite-sizable as well. Bitesizable as well. Yeah, I I probably need to start looking outside of Atlanta a little bit because it's it's been a challenge to find inside of the city. Good areas at least. Yeah. And it's a good market. Yeah. Yeah, if you go to some of the outskirts of Georgia and stuff and or even nearby that those deals are there, you know, in that 50 to 150 uh a unit range, it's definitely there. How far out would you go? Uh I mean, as far as you're comfortable, I mean, if you know those markets, it doesn't really matter, right? Um I mean, I was traveling halfway across the country for my first deals. So, but if if if you want to be within a few hours of where you're at, that's more the reason. Okay. Yeah. But that'll allow you to find some the capital type deals were a little more bite-sizable and it doesn't seem too overwhelming for you to be able to take it down, right? Yeah. I mean, most people's first deals are right around 10 to maybe 20 units that I find out. This one's at 16. So, the unit count's not the problem. It's just your price per unit, which then obviously means the overall value and down payment and loan and everything are much higher. And it's it's not that it's not a great deal. It's just it's all around a matter of you're trying to get into your first one. So, how do we make the capital side reasonable to where it can actually be executed on, right? Without having to bring in a bunch of co-artners and all that other stuff, you know, that would be the method to to do it. Justin, I have a quick question. How would you do like a co-artnership in a deal like this? Like Leonardo is trying to like what would that structure look like? Yeah, it would look like um kind of what we're doing on our fund right now. Let me show you. And I could actually this is probably a good thing to once we finalize this to send um let me pull this up. So this is typically a breakdown based on responsibilities, right? In terms of hey, whoever brings this to the table, you get X, right? So I'll hide this because it's irrelevant. Let me hide this real quick. So if this were a partnership, you know, there's really some key components to who gets what and how, right? In terms of a percentage of equity allocation. Equity allocation. So in this case, you know, you have 100% to give away of the general partnership, but there's people if you find the deal, x%. If you're doing all the due diligence and all the stuff you're doing, you know, to run that to get it closed, 10%. If you're going to be the boots on the ground person, another 10%. If you're going to asset manage that thing and run it, right, on a weekly basis and manage the managers, as they say, right? You're like the CEO running it, that's another 15%. If you're signing on the loan, 20%. If you're putting in the upfront risk capital and earnest money and all that stuff, another 10%. If you raise all the money, another 30%, totaling 100%. Does this make sense? So, it's it's ba it's based on your responsibilities and what you bring to the table. So, this way you don't get into a bickering match of, hey, I did this, you did that, I did this, you did that, up, down, left, right, you know, whatever. we already allocated this. You brought you you brought in and you could literally come in here and say, "Hey, I brought in 250,000 bucks. It's going to get me x percentage of the GP, right? You can adjust these, but you get the point." So that way, hey, if you bring in or if you raise or introduce, you know, 300 grand or whatever it is, you get X amount. But you just adjust these numbers. But I can send this out and and add this. So people, if you're doing co-artnerships amongst everybody, this would be a great way to allocate responsibilities and percentage of ownership. Would that be helpful, Robbie? Okay. Yes. put that in because that, you know, that way if everybody anybody here's partnering on a deal or in the community or so forth moving forward, it's a great easy way to delegate responsibilities and then you get X for it, which makes it nice. Yeah. Yeah. You're not having to guess or fight, you know, and then partnerships go sideways and all that other stuff. So So are you going to put that in the downloads section of the back? Yeah, that's probably not a bad idea because we literally just came up with this and put it together recently. So, it's it's probably a good thing to add in if you're going to be doing co-artnerships on how you would allocate. Now, you once again, you can adjust the percentages. That's completely adjustable, but you'll at least understand the format. So, awesome. All right, everybody. Appreciate you jumping on tonight. This was great. I hope this was helpful. And then, yeah, you want to submit the deals, any questions, you know, text us in the back end. You have access to all that stuff so we can move you through and and get you guys into the deals. So, we're here for you. We're here for you. Beautiful. Everybody, thanks Mike. Thanks, Angelica. Uh, yes, we'll get a copy of that to you. We'll put it in the uh in your download section for everybody. We'll get that in here in the next couple days. So, thanks. You bet. Thanks everybody. Have a good evening. Thank you. You have a good evening.