Testing one, two, three. Everybody coming on in. Hello, hello, hello. See everybody coming in here. Happy Thursday. Chime in in the chat. How's everybody doing? How is everybody doing? Happy Thursday. See who we got in here today. We got Andrew, Bruce, good to see you. Cristiano, David, good to see you, David. Welcome in. We got Eric, Joshua, Luis, Michael, good to see you in here as well. Sanden, great to see you in here. Congratulations. Welcome in, Mr. Thomas Francisco. Uh, I know you're saying good afternoon. It's good morning. Okay. Depends on what coast you're on. Uh, good to see you. Good to see you. Uh, can everybody hear me? Okay. A little admin to check in on that so everybody can hear me. Okay. Okay. Make sure the audio is good to go. And then we'll get going here just a minute. Just a minute. So, um, so a couple things we're going to go over here today is, uh, letters of intent. Letters of intent and kind of that offer process, you know. So kind of looking at this, you know, as you're kind of starting this phase, you know, and we all talk about the beginning phases. And you know what we'll probably do as well, and this has actually been by recent request from several of you that who you know maybe are in a deal or already have a deal is we're going to add a live session once a week for those that have already had a deal or are in a deal currently because it may have some different questions and stuff and uniqueness versus in the beginning phases right now where you're, hey, we need to find, analyze, and then we need to get one in, you know, into escrow. Right? That's pretty much wherever where a lot of folks are at that are newer into the space is find, analyze, I need to get a deal into escrow. So, that's kind of that cycle you're in. Writing offers, right? Looking at properties, meeting brokers, doing all this stuff. So, there's kind of a segment there. And then there's really a segment here, right? And I'll see if I can uh see this thing will let me zoom up on it. It may let me zoom up. Let me see if it'll let me do that. It should. Um, if you give me one second, it may actually let me do this. Or not. Maybe not. Nope. Yeah, we won't do that. We're going to turn that off. We'll quit that. Uh, we'll set up because usually it zooms in a little bit on the camera stuff. You can actually see this. But I can do that there, too. But that's kind of the phase, you know, next stage once you actually get a deal is moving into the closing and managing. But we're what we're going to talk about today is, you know, presuming for a minute, you're at this stage where you've been looking for deals, right? Meeting brokers, writing offers, doing all of that, and you've been writing letters of intent. Because the method at which you actually make an offer on a commercial property different than residential is in residential, if you've boughten a home or bought anything residential-wise, it's on a purchase contract for the state, the local state in which the propertyy's located. Pretty templated process and that's all there. In commercial, you don't start with the contract. You start with just a letter of intent. It's a little one two-page document. you have this in the back end of your portal in the mentorship section. If you go into the downloads, you have that. Um, and we're reorganizing that as well. That's been another request that we've kind of heard recently. Hey, can we kind of reorganize that download section and segment it out really to kind of follow the pattern of finding a deal, right? And getting a deal. So, we're putting documents in there for finding stuff in there for analyzing, financing, closing, and managing. And so, you'll see it kind of segmented out when we go live with it here pretty soon. So, that way it'll be a little bit better organized for you. But then my recommendation is to pull all of those documents down and you can download all of them from that section and put them on a folder on your computer so you have them a little more easily accessible for when you need them. So, that's what we're doing. Just so you know, be aware of that. But I do want to show you just kind of comes up here on screen here. Cool. Um, we're going to go through a live letter of intent. And this is actually is Leandro in here. See Leandro in here? This is on a deal that he's working on. I want to make sure he's okay if I share it. So, we can kind of walk through that. Um, he's not on here at the moment, but I will go ahead and share it because I think he's okay with that. Um, so you guys can see this. So, let me share my screen and then give you an idea of what a letter of intent looks like as it's getting ready to be sent out. It's being sent out. Um, can you guys see this? Okay. On your screen, I'm going to zoom up on it so you can actually see it a little bit better. But this is a template. You have this in the back end of your system. Okay? You have this in the back end of your system. So that way you know you're ready to go with that template. Um, put this up here. So I got this in the gallery view. Cool. Perfect. Yeah, we're I I have like a big screen in front of me now, so I can see more things, which is great. But it's also tweaking me out a little bit. So we're getting it set up. There we go. Cool. And then got that and then that. Cool. All right. Perfect. So, yeah, what you're kind of seeing on your screen is that letter of intent. And what's important about this is it it's non-legally binding. Okay? It's just a it's as good as the paper it's on. So, I I tell people, don't fret with, oh gosh, it's my first one and they're going to hold me to it. No, you literally shoot these things out like it's white on rice. It's irrelevant. It's non-legally binding. If you change your mind 2 seconds after you send it out, it's it's literally doesn't mean anything, okay? Other than it's giving the broker concept of terms that you would like to buy the property under and it's all negotiable. And then, you know, they'll collect them. Typically, the way the broker collects them, I'm going to walk through a timeline of how this game works. So, what you can expect if you're in a deal and you're competing with maybe one or two other offers, kind of what that would look like and what you can expect as you're going through it, um, and how it's going to be handled by the broker and you and everybody. Okay? So, we'll walk through that, but just kind of giving you some legal template stuff for it. This is a non-binding letter of intent set forth the general terms upon which your LLC, right? And by the way, when you write this, you're not going to have the LLC for the property yet set up. So you'll write it under your holding company initially but it can be assigned and it will be assigned to the actual property LLC. Okay, property LLC. So in which Leanni Realy LLC will purchase the property address from so and such holdings. Buyer and seller uh will not legally or they're not legally bound to transact unless you have a purchase and sale agreement put together. Okay. Once again, property address, price, deposit, and it'll show then too that, you know, 14,900 in deposit will go into First American Chicago Fidelity Title, mutual execution of the purchase and sale agreement following the expiration of the due diligence period, right? We'll get into that in a minute. Uh, everything's non-refundable. I'm sorry. The deposit shall be non-refundable to buyer except the seller's default. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. Um, so he needs the deposit shall be no, he's going to take that out. We're gonna We've already addressed that with him. So, just so you guys know, nothing is non-refundable right now. You, you know, in the past, you would actually have that stuff there. Um, that you'd have a deposit non-refundable going into the escrow. That's not the case. So, it is fully refundable leading up to it. Uh, and that that language there is actually the different one is in place that has it refundable. And then you'll have your down payment financing terms. These can change, right? So, once again, it's non-legally binding in there. Uh, any questions on this so far that I can answer in the chat as you're kind of seeing the letter of intent as we're kind of going through it. I'm going to scroll down here. Do we have to establish an escrow account first before sending out the intent letters? No, you do not, Michelle. Nope. You can spit these out 50 a day if you want. Once again, it means nothing. It's just, hey, I'd like to buy your property. I'm going to spit this out. You can respond back. Now, typically, if you know, you may be sending a couple of these out, right? Maybe you've tooured the properties, maybe you haven't, you can send them out. It's irrelevant. And then you do want to have conversations because use these as opportunities to speak with the brokers and to chat with them and build relationships with them. Right? to give you a perfect example. I mean, take, you know, even Leandro here or Michael or anybody in here writing offers. Uh, the escrow account, Joshua would never, when you say escrow account, what do you mean by that? Elaborate on escrow account. You're meaning like when you're sending in the deposit. Is that what you're talking about? Yeah. You don't do anything with uh Yeah, the deposit. Yeah. Nothing happens until you have a purchase and sale agreement. I'll go over the timeline here in just a minute so you'll kind of understand the timeline process for hey I I wrote 15 letters of intent and I finally got one deal and it looks like we're going to get it. We'll walk through that timeline here in just a minute. Uh due diligence. So, it's giving 30 days due diligence on this thing, beginning at the execution of the PSA, purchase and sale agreement to inspect and perform due diligence as the buyer deems reasonably necessary to further evaluate the purchase property. Upon execution of the letter intent, LOI, letter of intent, buyer shall have access to the property, the units, and all financial, legal, title, survey, and other pertinent data is needed to evaluate the property. uh closing period, in this case, 60 days, and then there's an option for a 30-day extension, and he has an amount down there is non-refundable, which is kind of typical at that point. You've already passed your due diligence period when you get the extension. So, any monies that may get that another 30 days would be a few thousand bucks for that. Um, but yeah, the one thing he'll want to isolate here that we'll tweak, uh, is this. The deposit shall be non-refundable. That's not going to happen. Uh it'll be fully refundable until after the due diligence period. Fully refundable until after the due diligence period. Um and then that is about it on that front. And then just get signed. You It talks about some commissions. You know, seller shall pay brokerage commissions. Once again, this is a template that you have in your portal right now that you can download. Go ahead and review it and that way you'll have a deep understanding, you know, what's in there. key points to it. You can send these in as Leandro has just to kind of get comfortable the first time you do it and we'll uh the team and I will take a look at your uh your letter of intent and then once again once you've sent in one or two you'll get it and then you can just start popping them out left and right left and right. So that is your letter of intent. Simple little one two page thing giving some brief terms. It's got your little logo up here in the lefthand corner. So you'll replace ours with yours and that way you're ready to go and you could just spit these things out. Keep in mind the whole point of sending out letters of intent is to begin discussions with the brokers so you're in the game, right? That's all it is. And you may find out very quickly that you know you're like 10th in line. But it does allow for conversations with the brokers and building relationships with those brokers. Um, trying to think most recent one that's on right now. So, I'm kind of looking in the list cuz I could bring up so someone could actually talk about uh a letter of intent they currently have out there. Is there anybody right now that wants to talk about a current letter Where did that go? A current letter of intent that they're dealing with or convers in in the chat. need to put up your hand and then we'll or let you know we can go in it and I'll answer some questions and stuff too. Uh but that way you can talk about an active one right now that you're discussing with the broker. Um and see if there's anybody in here that would like to do that. You can chime in in the chat and just let us know and then we'll bring you up. Cool. No takers. No takers. Okay. Let me answer a couple quick questions and I'll go through it. Um, with title company choice, he's leaving it open to three options as benefit to the seller, whoever they feel most comfortable with. That is correct. So, title and escrow is negotiable in terms of who it is. The reason he's putting in the big, I call them the big three, the big three is so that way you have a reputable title company. Okay. Reputable title company. Uh, is offering an additional cost for an extension common? Yes, it is, Relle. It's a give and take, right? You've gone through 60 days. You haven't been able to close yet. You need an extra 30 days. It's going to cost you. It's applicable, right? It's applicable to the purchase price, but it's non-refundable typically, right? Because at that point, you're already past your due diligence, right? So, your money is non-refundable anyways at that point. So, throwing in a few extra thousand bucks to get an extra 30 days, but you know, you're going to do that based upon how you think things are going, right? Um, but that is pretty common. It's very common. So, let me walk through I'm going to stop sharing this. I'm going to walk through kind of the timelines of what you can expect, you know, when you're going through this. So, that way you'll kind of understand the timelines. Okay. So, let's say right here that you send out a letter of intent, right? So, your LOI goes out here, right? you know, day one, right? And then, you know, goes out and, you know, maybe, you know, 10 days later, you are talking with the broker and they're like, "Yeah, everything looks good. We have a few offers on the table. You're one of them." You could ask them, "Hey, how is it trending? Were you seeing price guidance? Are we the highest offer currently? Or where are we sitting?" And let's say they're like, "No, you're not the highest offer. There's three offers on the table currently. you're not the highest one kind of price guidance. We're seeing it, you know, you know, 14, you know, plus. It's kind of where we're seeing the price guidance. So, now it's going to give you some idea, especially if you're at like a million, you know, hypothetically for a minute. Now, keep in mind, too, brokers love to They're they're pretty good at that, right? Pretty good at it. And now I'm not going to say they're going to lie to you, but the numbers are what they are, right? And you can't force feed something that's not there. So you're going to use basic fundamentals of which you're all taught and learning of how to underwrite and analyze and what you put in there, not put in there. So you're not like trying to put a square peg in a round hole because it just doesn't work. So the numbers are what they are. And the only way typically people are able to pay more, the only way they're able to pay more is if their cost of the capital, the money to buy it is cheaper than yours. That's it. Because the revenue is the revenue and the expenses are the expenses. And unless they're crazy over speculating on rents and stuff, that's the only way they're getting there is because they have cheaper money somehow someway. That's it. That's the only way they're doing it. Okay? So, just keep that in mind that if you know you're using traditional financing, which you all are, and like 95% of people are, you're all operating under the same, you know, guidance. So, the only difference is going to be maybe you can get a little here, a little there. Maybe you see something unique about the property that you can do to it to give value so you can pay a little bit more for it. Stuff like that. Stuff like that. Um, any questions so far on this? Um, four offmarket deals. Great. Great. Yeah, Sandon, I can bring you up in just a minute. Yeah, bring you up in just a minute. Um, but yeah, Michael, so you wish you did. Uh, but I've connected with a broker today that is sending four offmarket deals. Awesome. Yeah, we call this pre-market, right? I mean, they're coming on. It's just not on yet. So, that's kind of, you know, 10 days in. And then let's say, you know, a few days after that, you know, maybe 4 days later or something, that broker comes to you and you've been, you know, talking with them back and forth and they're saying, "Yeah, you know, you're into, you know, the best and final, right? They call it like the best and final and you're one of the, you know, two or three in the best and final, right? You're into the best and final phase." and there's three of you. So, they're like, "Hey, you know, fine-tune your offer, right? Give us the best and final fine-tune your offer and then we'll discuss it and see if you're like the winner." Sometimes you may be the only one. Sometimes you're in a few kind of in setups. To be quite honest with you, uh I wouldn't want to be the only one. If you're the only one offering on it, there's only there's a couple reason that's happening. either it's been on the market a long ass time and so you're the only one live on the plate. That's possible. But if it's newer on the market and or pre-market or offmarket and you're the only offer on the table, that's probably not a good sign. Something's up. Uh because you you want competition. That means it's a good deal, right? I mean I mean it's a good property, good deal. It's all alignment. It's just going to come down to, you know, a couple of the relationships with the brokers. You getting in there and letting them know, hey, I can close this thing. We're going to close. Because that's what brokers care about more than anything. Can you execute? Can you close? Can you execute? Can you close? And that's part of why you're here to walk through that. Um, yes, Don. Sometimes the broker will give you the other offers, sometimes they will not, and they'll just give you some guidance. They'll give you some general guidance. Like, give you an example. Well, the other day when I was out in Indiana with Michael, you know, the broker didn't give us the other offer prices, but he says, "Hey, you know, they're I mean, who knows if he's telling the truth or not, but they're six figures, right? That the difference between you and the other one is six figures." Okay, 100 grand, 150 grand, whatever it is. It gives you an idea. You can try and play with the numbers and see if that works. And we found out it does not work like that. In fact, the numbers need to go the other way. And so once again, you hold it, you you treat it as it is. You let the broker kind of help you and guide you. Um, and also leverage them with their own numbers. And like I what I advised Michael is I said I'd go back to the broker and I'd say, "Listen, man. I've run it with your numbers. Your numbers that you gave me and I even like gave you a little bit of a bonus. I'm like rounding up type thing and I'm getting to 3.1 like on a good day and if you're telling me you're at or 36 I mean the only way that's happening Mr. Broker the only way that's happening is if they're paying cash and they don't really care about making money. Like there's no other way it's happening because the numbers just don't work. I mean, it's just basic math math. It's basic math. It's not a love or an emotional thing. So, anyhow, and we'll see what happens with that and where that one lands. Um, yes, it is common, Don. That's why I say you got to treat it to the fundamentals. Trust the numbers. Everybody's dealing with a few of the same things. So you got to keep in mind everybody's dealing with the same revenue, same expenses, right? Interest rates, the rates. Um the only one that may change would be like, you know, in terms of down payment, right? This could be different between you and the other offer. And maybe maybe they're getting a little bit better of an interest rate, but that's it. And this goes down to what? The cost of capital. Cost of money. The cost of money. But that is the only thing because revenue is what it is. Expenses are what they are, right? And you know, even if you use the broker's own numbers, which are typically inflated a bit typically, right? They're showing you best case scenario most of the times on those OM and all their numbers. So, you're going to then fine-tune it to see what's accurate. But even if you're using all of their stuff and then, you know, all things being equal, when you're underwriting it and looking at the numbers, the only things that could be different is probably down payment and interest rate and and it's not going to be drastic. So, you can play with those numbers a little bit to see how best you can do it. But then you can also ask the broker and you could say, you know, like listen, man, I'm using like a 6.1% interest rate based on rates today in the market. Do you have other options for how to best finance this thing or people I can connect with on the financing? Because that's the only way you're getting a higher number, you know, because, you know, it has to have a return, right? And so then it goes back to, okay, well, maybe the buyer buying it, you know, has different parameters. Maybe they're okay with making 5% on their money. I mean, that's crazy, you know, but it's possible, but you certainly wouldn't do that in the Midwest. You may do that in a high-profile market like Miami or South Florida or Southern California or something like that where you have a high-profile market where it's extremely tight and you're really buying it for tax preservation purposes and to avoid, you know, paying taxes and preserving wealth, but you're not there to make money. You're you're there for a completely different purpose. But very very very rare that anybody outside of these high-profile coastal markets is buying not to make money and preserving wealth. It's just very rare. I mean everybody needs to make a return. So um and I'll bring you up and so when I click the link for you to come up it'll give you like hey you can talk and stuff. So that'll be great in just a second. Um, uh, they are like used car salespeople, Bill. Uh, yeah. I mean, listen, they're they're doing their job. They're selling, right? They're selling. That's what they do. And so, you just got to go into it with the buyer beware mentality of I'm going to trust the numbers. It is what it is and I'll underwrite to that and I need a certain return and it's either going to work or it's not. And then you just keep going. You do not get attached emotionally to any of these things. And you may have to look at 20 deals or so or even 30 deals to land your first one, but you're going through it like, right? You're not looking at it in the sense of like, oh, I need to really like fall in love and like we're going to spend an hours and no, it's like look at it, put the numbers in, it looks good. I'm going to underwrite it to where the numbers look good. Then I'm going to send out the offer and then I'll follow up later. Next one, next one. Next one, next one. Next one. Eventually, you'll get a broker to call you back when you're following up with them and then, hey, you know what? Yeah, man. The seller's kind of in a stressed situation. You know, originally, they were trying to price it up here. It's not happening, but they have a timeline. They need to sell by the end of the year. You know, they can they'll probably take, you know, 2.5 million versus 3 million now. That's a half million dollar difference. Before they wouldn't even touch that. Now, they will. And then you're the one standing there for it. See how that goes? Um, I'm just going to answer a couple of the questions and then let me bring up Sandon. One second. I'm going to bring you up. You're hanging in there. One second. There we go. Cool. I'm going to allow you. It's going to bring you in and ask you to talk. &gt;&gt; Justin. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. How are you? &gt;&gt; Hey, thanks for for bringing me on. Um, I come from a traditional residential background. So, ahead of an offer, you call the, you know, the listing agent, ask what's most important to the seller. With the LOIs, uh, and the submission, are you just emailing that in and then sending a hard copy and then are you just waiting for the broker to respond? Like, talk about that process once you you you send the LOI and kind of best practices around that piece. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, can everybody hear uh, Sandon? Okay. Just thumbs up if you can. I just want to make sure his audio is good. Okay, great. So, uh, yes, you'll email that in. Don't need to worry about any hard copies. And, uh, then you'll typically follow up with the broker and say sometimes almost immediately and say, "Hey, John, I especially if maybe you tooured the property or you talked to him a little bit, &gt;&gt; you can say, "Hey, John, I just sent you in an LOI. Look, it's pretty aggressive, but I wanted to send it into you guys. Let's discuss. I used your numbers that you gave me, plugged it in, and I'm backing into some returns that I need to see, right, for me and my investors and everybody that we're going to buy this thing with. So, you know, just giving you an idea, but let's talk. Let's talk, right? Let's talk. And then start that conversation, right? Because that's kind of how that will go. And you're using it as a rapport building opportunity, too, because you could tell the broker, "Hey, John, broker, show me where I'm wrong on my numbers, right? I'm going to literally send you my numbers. Show me where I'm wrong, right? Because I'm I'm using your expenses. I'm using your revenue that you put on your OOM, right? And I'm adjusting it a little bit, right? I'm making some adjustments, but you tell me where I'm wrong." And what'll happen, this is typically what happens, is they'll respond back with, "Oh, you know, you you don't need to use 10% or 15% for your economic loss number, right? For the vacancy economic loss number, you only need five bullshit." Okay, that is a broker 101 They know it's right? They know darn well these things don't operate at a 5% overall what's called economic loss. That includes physical vacancy, loss to lease, bad debt, meaning people not paying rent, which will happen. And um uh concessions, meaning hey, you may have to maybe concessions happen in the market. You got to give people, you know, month free rent or 250 bucks or whatever it is. You have to account for all of that. And that's what that loss to lease number does. And there is not a property in the United States of America, even in the tightest markets, right? The only ones that get away with maybe a five to 7% economic loss number are in high prime time markets, San Diego, Miami, right? Some other like, you know, New York City, some highprofile coastal markets, very expensive, very tight rental market. Maybe that's where that can happen sometimes. But everywhere outside of those big prime time markets, 10% minimum. And the brokers know this. They know darn well this. So, but they once again that's the number they squeeze to make things look good on their documents. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Definitely. Yeah. &gt;&gt; What's the What's it, you know, when they if they try to pull that tactic, do you kind of subtly call their BS or you just say &gt;&gt; kind of you say, "John, listen. How long you've been doing this?" &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; 10 years. Great. You know darn well economic loss, not vacancy, economic loss on anything in this market is going to be north of 8 to 10 to 15%. &gt;&gt; So I'm giving it kind of a benefit of a doubt at 10. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Right. And so and you know this broker John so come on you know you know I need to underwrite to 10. You know me putting five in there I might as well just take a gun to my head and you know the banks are going to laugh at me when I send that over to them as well. So um it just doesn't work. So, we have to be reasonable, but I'm also using your numbers, too, which I'm based on the rents I'm seeing, you may be inflating it a little bit, you know, show me where that you're actually getting those rents and why. And then you're you're underestimating your expenses here, John Broker, you know, and just kind of I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt. I'm actually putting in your expenses, which are probably lower than reality, right? So, I'm giving you some credit here, but show me where else I'm wrong, you know, because they'll, you know, they're trying they're doing their sales job. That's what they do. And then it's buyer beware to actually show them that, hey, like, no, this is the correct way. And the property is not worth, you know, what you're asking or what you're trying to get because the financials really don't allow that, right? You have to back into it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I was born at night, just not last night. So, I appreciate that, Justin. That was great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But that that's the reality and that's good. So you it's gota but but you be respectful about it and think of it like a great opportunity &gt;&gt; to connect with the broker because you just tell them listen if this deal doesn't work John broker &gt;&gt; I'm going to buy I'd love to buy through you dude because I I think there's a great relationship it just maybe this deal doesn't work for us maybe it works better for somebody else but um you know I'd love to get access to some other deals you're having keeping me in mind because we're buyers and we're going to buy so you're just kind of making sure you're using it as an opportunity for getting more deal flow. Makes sense. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, see Cristiano in here. Yeah, let me ask the question. Asking price. Uh, Relle asked, "A broker told me the asking price of an 8 unit, but I'm scared because it has all month-to-month leases." Okay. Definitely has value ad, but I'm worried it may go vacant as soon as I acquire it since it's month-tomonth. Okay, great question. So, Michelle, yeah, so what you want to do is ask the broker uh what is the minimum notice requirement? Notice requirement uh for the leases to terminate. Usually, it's 60 days. Usually, it's 60 days. Um and that's not that big of a deal because what you'll probably want to do, it's Oh, first of all, it's eight units. I'd be a lot worried more worried if it was like 30 50 100, right? But eight units, you can work through that. Um, so usually what you want to do, Relle, in that specific scenario is this. You want to go online. You want to see what they're currently paying for rent, right? Because you can see kind of what they are and then what the market is. And let's say they're paying a,000 bucks for their two-bedroom, one bath unit. Because this is what a tenant does, right? they're not morons is they're going to do the same thing. So if you try and come in and apply pressure and raise rents, they're going to do the same thing late at night is they're going to go on Zillow. They're going to go on any of these websites, apartments.com, and they're going to start looking for a replacement property. And you want to be ahead of them on that. So that's why you do it first. Okay? They're these rents are all at a,000 on this 8 unit. The market's at 1250, right? So any tenant is going to they're going to go online. They're going to see, okay, I'm a,000 bucks. I'm getting good value. Anything I want to move into is 1,250 plus the hassle, plus the moving cost, plus all this crap I need to deal with. And I kind of like it here, but that's what goes on. So, you'll end up moving a handful of those into long-term leases, and then you may want to move out some of them. That way, you can renovate and improve the property. So, there's ways to do that. So, that's how you would handle it and be tactful with it versus having to Yeah, you don't need to run away from that. Uh, that's that's not that big of a deal. If anything, I actually like it because now I can raise the rents, right? And then I'm going to What I'm going to do, this is how you typically do it is you wouldn't raise them to market. You would still raise them below market because it behooves the tenant because they're going to do that. They're going to go online and they're going to search, right? And they're going to say, "What can I get? What else can I get at the same price?" If they're raising the rent to $1,200, what else can I get for 1,200 and if what they can get for $1,200 is crappier than yours, uh, then they're going to stay where they're at and then they'll just, you know, allow that to happen. Or, you know, maybe you only move it to 1,100 initially and then you lock them in for 12 month, right? You allow that to happen so you're slowly grinding through it and then you move people in and out to renovate if that's something you're going to do. Does that answer that question, Michelle? Awesome. Okay. Yeah, David. Uh, yes, you want to establish your holding company LLC in Wyoming or Delaware, but Wyoming is super easy and not in North Carolina. No. If you do not have one already established and you're doing this now for the first time, Wyoming is a great place. Delaware is another great one. Wyoming is super easy. You could literally have it done this afternoon in 15 minutes for 125 bucks, right? So, if you go into your portal in the back end, you're going to see the business in a box thumbnail. Click on that. Inside there, there's a couple videos. One of them is setting up your LLC. You'll click on that. You're literally going to watch me go on to the Secretary of State's website and start filling everything out. Takes 15 minutes. That's the process. Then, I'm you're going to see how I'm going to go on and get my agent of service, which in our case, we use Incorp. Incorp. It's 125 bucks a year and they are your agent of service. The reason why you need an agent of service is because you don't live in Wyoming and by law there has to be a physical address in the state that you own the business. They serve that purpose. They your agent of service. Okay. That's the whole purpose of having that. Um what is 67? Oh, the the rents are 675. Uh military bases. Great. Yes. So, and I would ask you, uh, Michelle, what are the market rents? So, if they're 67 675 bucks a month for your complex all month to month, what is the market? Have you looked at that? Are they like a,000? Are they 1,200, 1100, 900? What are they at for that exact same type of unit and quality? Quality, right? So, but that's what I would look at because that's what the tenants are going to do. They're going to do the same thing. and they're going to go on apartments.com, Zillow, and they're going to look up a two-bedroom, one bath or a one-bedroom, one bath unit, and what's around me, what can I move to, what does it look like, how much do I need to pay to get a, you know, maybe fully renovated one versus what I'm at now. They're going to do the same buying psychology that anybody else would. You just want to do it faster than them. So that way, when you go in to talk with them, you know the play. You know the play. Because if they can go get a fully renovated one-bedroom, one bath and they're paying $675 for, you know, an older unit now and for $975 they can get a fully renovated. Okay. Then maybe you go in and you lock them in at $775, $100 more, but you do nothing to the units initially and you lock them into a 12-month lease. Um, keep in mind that you never want to have all your leases come due in the same month. So you'll want to stagger them out. Stagger them out. So it may be beneficial to do 12, 13, 14, 15 month leases and give people benefits for doing that. That way you stagger your expirations out on your leases. Okay. Um, cool. So yeah, back to the timeline. Back to the timeline. So, here you are and you're in the best and final and then you're going to get to the point where the broker is going to, you know, kind of call you and you may be down to two, right? You're in the you're in the top two and then let's presume that the broker says, you know, hey, like like you're going to get the deal, right? You're going to get the deal. At this point, this is kind of when you start that pre-arketing phase. of putting the pitch deck together, getting everything kind of, you know, from a marketing perspective set up. So that way you can go and start raising some money. You can also lean into us even further at that point because you, as you all know, you have my direct cell phone number and email in the back end of the system. And I would say a lot of people tend to text me right here. They're like, "Holy crap, Justin. I'm I I got it or I'm gonna get it. What do I do now?" Right? That moment of like, oh like it's real now. Right now, now it's like big boy pants are going on. So, this is where this is really very valuable to go through this nuance of, you know, I call it the escrow process, you know, or closing, whatever you want to call it. But that's that process now because you got the deal right locked and loaded. So, now this is kind of where this goes down. Now, in this kind of prephase, as you're kind of going through this and we, you know, I have some other timelines in here and stuff, too, but as you're going through this phase of the offer being submitted, you're negotiating all this other stuff, you can go ahead and you can reach out. Did I do that right? I spell that right? My spelling's horrible. uh to the lenders and to the insurance to the lenders and to the insurance and they can start looking at the deal with you financially and give you some soft quotes on what the interest rates and lending may be so you can tighten up your numbers better, tighten up your numbers better and they'll give you some guidance on what to expect. Same thing with the insurance. We have the insurance brokers in the back end of our system in the vendors and systems download. We have all of our insurance brokers that you can reach out to. You can give them the address of the property and the information. They'll ask you for they will give you a quote for the insurance. Soft quote. Soft quote. Okay? And then you'll harden it up later, but it'll give you some guidance, pretty good guidance on, hey, your insurance is probably going to be X for this property, right? I know you were budgeting X. it's either X plus or X minus, but they'll give you a decent quote before you ever get, you know, into the closing pre-even contract, right? And keep in mind, you'll fine-tune all of this as you're going through the due diligence, right? Because in in addition to looking at all the leases and doing all the financial due diligence, financial inspections that you'll do on the property during that 30 days, you're also doing physical inspections and everything, too. So, all of that's happening as you go through, you know, that escrow process of closing. You know, you're going to have a 60-day, right? Closing a 30-day extension. You have 30 days of that 60 as your due diligence period. Okay? So, 60-day closing, 30-day extension, so total of 90 possible 30 days of due diligence to do physical inspections, financial inspections. Your earnest money deposit that goes into escrow is fully refundable during this time. So, there's no money at risk. No money at risk. The only money may be you spent a little bit of money on inspections, right? But that's part of the process, right? And that's all part of your down payment. We'll get into a little bit more in the financial side. Uh Andrew, uh we have the insurance brokers in the back end of your system for the insurance. You'll see it in your vendors and systems download in the mentorship uh thumbnail portal in the back end of uh your portal. Click on that to the downloads. You can download the vendors and systems um PDF all right there. Yeah. Totally listed out for you. Names, emails, phone numbers, and they know that you may be reaching out to them so they're fully aware of it. And it's a great opportunity just to make a quick phone call and say, "Hey, you know, I'm so and so. I'm with Justin's, you know, mentorship community, you know, trying to get you just connect with you first of all. And then secondly, you know, I'm looking at a few deals insurance-wise in X state, maybe in Texas or Indiana or Georgia, right? You may be looking in that state. Where are you seeing insurance right now?" Right? Where are you seeing the cost of insurance generally speaking for these types of properties in the state? and have like a little 15-minute conversation. It'll guide you pretty pretty well. Um Joshua, it takes uh like I said here on the you have a 60-day closing, 30-day extension option. 30 days of due diligence, which is part of that 60 days. So, typically 60 to 90 days is your closing period. Sometimes you'll see brokers on smaller deals try and force feed it at 45. I mean, technically you can get that done, but you're going to really be pushing it, right? I mean, if you need to use that as a tool for negotiations, maybe you agree to a 45, but you make sure you have a 30-day extension. See where I'm going with it? So, you can have the 45, but you better have that extension option in there. Okay? Um, so that'll, you know, help with that. That'll help with that. Um, and that's kind of like that timeline, right? kind of going through this letter of intent world and writing offers is, you know, don't be scared of throwing them out and throwing out LOIs, you know, because you may have to throw out 20 to get one, right? It's very, very possible. Um, you know, I think the ratio on average is probably, you know, like a 10 or 12 to one. You know, I've seen I've seen upwards of 20 to1 on ratios. Uh, so, you know, just throw throw them out. It's it's non-binding. It means nothing. You're just trying to start the conversations to get into the game. To get into the game. Um, cool. Well, yeah. Any last minute kind of questions here as we kind of come to the end? I want to be respectful people's time. We have a few minutes left, but I want to do some Q&amp;A, but I thought this was going to be helpful walking through, you know, because we're seeing a lot of folks write offers now, which is great. Definitely, it's what you got to do. You know, what does that LOI look like? The letter of intent. you have that template in your portal in the back end in the download section. So, it's there. It's there. Um, also, let me pull this up. And this is very preliminary. Uh, we do have the dates set. Uh, but it's preliminary in the location still. So, November 6th through the 8th. It's a Thursday, Friday, Saturday. November 6th through the 8th, Las Vegas, Nevada. that we're having our uh next work kind of workshop meetup networking group for everybody in the community in the mentorship uh there in Las Vegas. So if you're on the west coast and you want to come into that or hey if you want to come from the east coast because we're going to have several we'll have an east coast one we'll have a midwest one we'll have a west coast one each year but this will be the last one before the end of the year in November November 6th through the 8th. November 6th through the 8th. Um, let me pull up a photo of the potential location. Potential location. Don't hold me to it because it's not confirmed. We're still confirming, but uh we'll see if it works out. It's a place called the Kilm and it's about 10 minutes outside of the strip. has a cool event center attached to it and all that. Um, let me put this over here. Cool. Let me share the screen so you'll see this. And so that's what they call the theater, the theater inside the space. And we'll have a workshop with networking and they have some, you know, bars and restaurants and other things there too. There's also a hotel if you're coming in town, a hotel uh called the the the Durango. The Durango, brand new hotel about 15 This is all 15 minutes off the strip as you're headed towards Summerland. As you're headed towards Summerland. So, um once again, I'll have some more details, but the dates are good. November 6th through the 8th. The dates are good. It's just a question of location, but it will be in Las Vegas, Nevada. So that way it's easier for flights getting in and out if people are going to fly in for it. Um if not obviously we'll have some virtual action as well uh set up for you. Uh so don't feel like you need to do that. But we wanted to set up our first kind of west coast at least in this case west coast one uh Las Vegas Nevada for the networking and workshop and that'll be November 6th through the 8th. So excited about that. Um let me turn that off. Stop sharing that. Cool. Yeah. See, and the reason why we got you off the strip is so that none of you little party animals, you know, find a way to like get all crazy, which maybe you will anyways. It's Vegas, right? But, you know, we try and get you out of the casinos and off the strip where, you know, some craziness goes down and get you into real life in in Vegas where they actually have communities and stuff like that. So, that's why we do it. You know, any of you guys, you know, you crazy gamblers, you guys want to get all crazy and blow a bunch of money in Vegas. We're trying to avoid that from happening. Keep you focused. Just kidding. Um, any questions on that? Is a loan contingency or no loan contingency um is the loan contingency or no loan contingency to be removed within the 30 days? Yeah, so Cristiano, great question. Um, a lot of times you may or may not have a financing contingency, but I will tell you this, you'll have a decent idea of whether or not that loan is going to go down and the terms of that loan within that 30 days. She may not have full approvals, but she may be very close. Okay? You'll have enough understanding. And then what you do to be quite honest with you, Cristiano, is you can also ask for an extension of the due diligence. But it's all kind of thrown into one. So, think of the due diligence like just due diligence period. I can back out for any reason in these 30 days. I I mean, you don't have to tell them what it is, right? You could just say, "Eh, we're backing out, right? You you could call it whatever it is, capital, maybe you didn't raise any money, maybe the financing's no good, whatever, right? Maybe you found some things on the property or you literally whatever. And then if you get to the towards the end of it, which happens quite often, and you want to ext extend that due diligence, you would ask, you'd say, "Hey, we'd like to get a, you know, two week extension on the due diligence period." And for that, we're going to go ahead and give an extra few thousand bucks. Uh, and typically they'll, you know, put that into escrow and so forth. Sometimes it's refundable, sometimes it's not. But that you got to give and take, right? If you want to get, you got to give. And that's just the way that works. So you may negotiate that in for an extra week or two to give yourself time to finalize some financing, maybe raise a little bit more capital if you need it and so forth. So there's always ways to maneuver. It's never locked in stone. Everything is always negotiable. Always. Always. So you're never like black and white, right? And you once again, as long as you have notified the broker and you've either pulled out of the deal, you're going to pull out, you've notified, you know, writing, your money's protected. Okay? it's protected until it's not and you pass those periods. Um, the only difference, Cristiano, between the residential, and this is an important point for everybody to know, most the times, unless it's stated specifically in the contract, most the times the due diligence period when it runs out, you don't have to remove anything in writing, Cristiano, because I know in residential you physically have to remove contingencies in writing, not commercial. So that is a little bit of a, you know, little bit of a tidbit. So the contracts state that if they if they state otherwise once it runs out, it runs out. So as you're approaching those dates, you need to either extend it, right, or negotiate further. Okay? So just so you know, that way you or your partners and everybody don't get into a, you know, a quorum because you're like, "Oh, no, we need to remove them in writing." No, you don't. Not in commercial. In residential, you typically do. It's a big difference. Um, Sandon, I covered Vegas, Southern California, Nevada for nine years. Always stayed at Henderson. Henderson's great. Yeah, it's actually blowing up. It's doing great. And then, um, yeah, I have a home out in Summerland. In Summerland in Vegas. So, um, second property out there. Um, cool. Christine, how do you get the broker to submit an offer that says you can back out for any reason? It's not any reason. It's just that the due diligence period is 30 days, Christine. And that due diligence period gives you that reason, right? I mean, it it states in their inspections and so forth, but you can blame it on you don't have to you don't have to give a reason. You can just say, you know, we're not moving forward. We're within our due diligence period. And they can ask all they want. you could say, "Eh, you know, we found some things out we don't like." Whatever. Right. So, it's not that they're specifically saying any reason, but it's due it's a due diligence period. It's 30 days that's in that letter of intent for you. Yeah. My broker said, "My offer won't be taken seriously if there's a financing contingency that allows me to back out." Uh, so Christine, yes. So, sometimes there's not a financing contingency, right? So, as I was mentioning to Cristiano, sometimes you'll have your due diligence like it states right here. So, kind of moving through that. Let me share the screen real quick. [Music] So in that letter of intent, it states it right here in your due diligence period. 30 days due diligence beginning at the execution of the purchase and sale contract to inspect and perform due diligence as the buyer deems reasonably necessary to further evaluate the purchase of the property, which means whatever the FI1. Okay. Upon execution of the LOI, buyer shall have access blah blah blah blah. So that's your due diligence period. That's it. I mean, it gives you kind of free reign to come up with whatever BS answer you want. Um, and that's why it's there. So that's why you have it. Um, and I would use this template, you know. And FYI, Christine, with the brokers, um, you need to make sure, which I'm sure you are, that their fee is covered by, um, the selling broker, which it states in the LOI, that sellers to pay all commissions. But you'll want to make sure that you are not paying your broker. Okay? You are not paying your broker. that the that their payment if you have if you're represented is being paid uh by the seller and the listing brokerage firm. That's that's important because there's really not buyers agents. And you know, as time goes on and you build more direct relationships with the the the listing brokers, you won't be in you won't be dealing with a buyer's agent. Uh there's there's it's not that often or common in commercial real estate to have a buyer's rep. Um but I understand in the beginning sometimes like I did I think for one of our deals in the beginning I had a buyer's rep but then I quickly learned oh that's not how the game works. Like I go directly to the listing broker you know and it's just a little higher level savvier situation where you know I'm negotiating and I'm working with the broker and I'm representing ourselves and it's totally fine. very very normal for that to happen. Um, and then that's where an attorney, right, once you get to the point where you're you're going to get the deal, you know, you have you have your representation through an attorney, right, which we have for you once again in the back end of the system. We have all of our attorneys there that we use for transactions. you met Todd, like if you came on the 3-day event, which I think you were, uh, we had Todd Robinson on there, who's a securities attorney and a transactional attorney, and he's a syndicator himself. Very sharp guy. He's in the system. So, any deals you need from creating any documents at any point in time for any of these deals, he can prepare it for you and walk you through the entire process. Yeah, he's very, very sharp guy. Um, and so he's in the back end. And we have a few others in there too that you can reach out to and build that relationship. That's why they're there. Why they're there. Great question though. Great question. Um, awesome everybody. Okay, so that is all we have for today. Yeah, talking LOI, contract timelines, what you can kind of expect as you're going through that process after you're finding, analyzing, now writing offers. what you can kind of expect going through, you know, this process. Okay, awesome. Okay, everybody, uh, be respectful of your time here coming up on at least 11 Pacific. That's 2:00 p.m. East Coast. Um, but I hope you're having all a great Thursday. Any other last quick questions before we finish up? You bet, David. Rocking and rolling, baby. Rocking and rolling. I love that. Yeah. So, right now it's all about building those broker relationships, um getting out there, touring some properties, meeting some brokers, connecting with them, um and getting access to the pre-market stuff, you know, as much as possible. And that's how you're going to see more deals that make sense. And then writing the offers, writing the offers, writing the offers, and spitting them out. And then things will start to drop. They will start to drop. Okay, we will see you on Tuesday. Take care everybody.