Ola, Ola. Let's get everybody in here. Happy Tuesday. How's everybody doing? Kind of all coming on in. Uh should uh see your shiny faces. Oh, there's Mr. Kurt. What's up, my friend? &gt;&gt; Happy Taco Tuesday. &gt;&gt; Is that what it is? [laughter] &gt;&gt; Something like that. Love it. Chad, good to see you, man. John, how are you? Tony, Michael, good to see you again, sir. Say hi. We'll wait just a minute and uh let a few more folks come in real quick. Um, cool. And then Kurt, I think we have a call tomorrow, do we not? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I just booked that like shortly. &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, man. Beautiful. Um, awesome. Allan, good to see you. Dean, Mr. Brian, how are you? &gt;&gt; Then I think or is Doug and Sandy in here yet? No, maybe not. Um, yeah, we'll be out. And is Memphis getting any warmer, Brian? I would just like to know before we go out there. &gt;&gt; It is not the 40s. can expect the 40s. I don't know how I screwed this trip up so bad that we're going &gt;&gt; 40s is great. That's a That's a bombmy 40. That's great. &gt;&gt; That's the high. That's the high. That's not the lows. The high. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. You just need to go to Cleveland. [laughter] &gt;&gt; That I mean, as long as we're above 30, we're good. &gt;&gt; It's It's 62 in Capitol right now, and I'm wearing a sweatshirt, so that tells you how this is going to suck. &gt;&gt; Got it. Got it. All right. Uh, beautiful. Almost in here. Very cool. Very cool. All right. We got Math Matt coming in here. Gassandon, good to see you. Um, beautiful. Uh, yeah. Kurt, why don't you introduce yourself real quick? You're one of the your new word to the community. Um, yeah, Kurt, just so everybody knows, Kurt, I've known Kurt for years. Um, I'll give you your little intro and then you can intro yourself. Um, yeah. So, back I mean I don't know when you even started, but back in the days of the financial crisis, that's really when I came across Kurt because he was known as short sale Kurt in San Diego. I mean, he had to have done I don't know a thousand short sales, maybe more. [laughter] I don't even know. Oh, you're on mute. Sorry. Yeah, I probably did like I don't know 2,000 of them across this whole state. I probably did a thousand in San Diego. I don't know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's pretty pretty pretty wild. Um, so yeah, Kurt's a resource of information. Has great capital contacts. Uh, been all kinds of real estate, flipping, investing, sales, I mean, the whole nine yards, right? And, uh, connected with a lot of folks in California. He's based out of San Diego and coming in and wanting to invest in state and state depending on, you know, what's available and what's going on. So, definitely connect with him in the chat and um, you know, ask questions away. But, yeah, give a little more intro on yourself and and then we'll take it away. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, my background, I'm from Orange County, but made it down here to San Diego to go to college. And I had actually been investing myself since I was 18 in multi-units um way back when 18 19 years old. And then uh I got my real estate license to facilitate me buying multi-units. But that took me in a completely different trajectory of actually being a broker and having a team and doing a whole shitload of residential real estate. And yeah, the beginning of my career, the claim to fame was mostly short sales. I just took off doing those all over the state. And so for like the past I've been in the business been in real estate 23 years. Uh I I just was so focused on my residential business. And yes, I've done flips and yes, I've owned a couple properties here and there, but as I'm just wanting to kind of exit the whole residential thing and do something different, um and I have for the past couple years with some flips and wholesaling things like that, I wanted to get back to actually where I started. um but more on a bigger scale. And I've never done anything in in my entire career without a mentor, a coach, anything like that. Like day one, 22 years ago since I was in real estate, I've had mentors, coaches, etc. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, as I was getting reemerged into this, uh was doing some research, came across you, I'm like, I know Justin. And uh looked in a couple different programs and chose yours and signed up with yours. And I'm hitting the ground running. I'm getting all I mean I already have I have lots of deals coming my way. I just got to figure out how to I I know the basics of underwriting, but like getting into the nitty-gritty uh bigger units and getting this all up and rolling very quickly is um a very big reality. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And moving fast. I mean, you can move as fast or as slow as you want. It's uh it's all there for it. &gt;&gt; And I know a ton of people, like you said, and they're all like, "Oh, yeah, I got money. I'll invest." So, it's like [laughter] I can do this very fast, but again, I I believe in always having mentors, coaches, and someone by your side to kind of show you how to do the step by step. So, I'm excited. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because I'd say the biggest part of it beyond finding deals and then, you know, putting together the capital, those are two biggest roadblocks for most is when you lock up a deal. And for those that are in here who are in contract and have been in contract, that due diligence process, going through the contract phase to close is quite substantial. And uh most people don't realize that's actually when they need us the most. It's not until you get there and then you're like, "Holy crap." Like, &gt;&gt; yeah, I looked at some of those modules and I was like, "Oh my god, I didn't do half of these things the last time I bought units." [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. and and most of that stuff's in there now because of mistakes we've made and mistakes others have made that they've told me not to make and so that's why it's all in place but um cool yeah happy to have you in here and for everybody else uh you know chime in to him and in the chat and stuff we got see Chad in here and stuff so great &gt;&gt; Kurt's in San Diego so a few of you that are in San Diego um you know definitely connect on that &gt;&gt; so &gt;&gt; are there other San Diego people here &gt;&gt; I think we got a few in here right now. I see Kesha in here and then um I know Joshua Joshua's in here and a few others. So, we have Brett. Um gosh, I mean I want to say we have at least a half dozen. At least a half dozen. Yeah. So, that uh that's good. Yeah. We're going to jump into a couple deals uh this evening to kind of show some of the underwriting some of you are doing on a couple different deals and walk through you a bunch of Q&amp;A you may have. So, feel free to chime in in the chat on that. But I'm going to go and share my screen real quick and we'll we'll jump right in. The first one is this one's by Paula in Florida. This one's uh in North Carolina. It's a little 9-unit property. Um let me kind of share this real quick. You can see this coming on in. Um so I don't know what they're currently asking on it. I'd have to pull up the OM the offering memorandum, but she has it backed in here at at a million7. Can everybody see this screen? Okay. Terms of size, I can blow it up a little bit. There we go. Um, she's got 35% down, which is pretty typical. You're going to be between 30 to 35% down on the multif family deals. She's got nine units in here. She has This thing must be pretty well in good condition. Uh, not doing a lot of repair. Let me pull this thing up real quick from an aerial. Got it. Okay, I'll share that in just a minute. The location. U but yeah, it must be in pretty good condition because um not much repair at least at least not in the budgets and stuff. So, uh no rental loan and stuff involved in there. Uh built in 2020, so it's new. There you go. current cap rate which is based on the current [clears throat] financials and the cap rate under the financials is 6.15 and then presuming a 6.2 cap on the performer. So we'll play with these numbers a little bit to see where we can get them interest rates on the loan financing. So that's all here. She's got 6 and a half% in there. That's pretty good. And if this is the first time you're seeing the analyzer, if you kind of hover over these cells with the red arrows in them, these are the ones that give you guidance as you're going through on how to properly fill out the cells and what they represent. So, you can kind of come right through here as you're going through it. In addition to the videos and stuff that we do as well, um, she has total closing cost in here of about 6%. in that closing cost, you know, just so you know what that covers. I mean, that's your title, legal, acquisition fee, you know, a handful of other fees and things that you may have in there, but typically 6% would cover all of that, right? All of that cost, um, which includes your acquisition fees and stuff as well. So, that's important to make sure that's all included in there somewhere. And if you get into bigger deals, right, if this were, you know, an 80 unit property, 100 unit property, that would probably go down to like 4%. On a bigger deal, but these smaller ones, anywhere in this kind of 9, 10, 30 units, 6% is a good number in there to make sure you're including all of your closing costs uh that you'll need, including all your fee structure, too. Um, going through the deal. Any questions on on that so far from what you're seeing? Cool. And then based on the financials, you know, she's got the rents in here. They're all two-bedroom, two bath units, 1500 square feet. I'm sorry, 1,100 ft² renting for 1,500 bucks in uh in the Carolinas there. And she's presuming she can take them from 15 to,700. So $200 bump, which is pretty good, without any rena. So that just tells me that the the the current rents are under market from where they could go, right? So that's good news if that can happen. Um and then overlooking here in the financial side, older or younger, I'm sorry, newer property. So you know, not bad. You can definitely play in that range. 36% expense ratio. So once again, if you hover over this this cell, it's going to tell you that a 2010 property or newer should range between 30 to 40% on your expense ratio. So no matter how I mean, no matter how you put in your numbers here, at the end of the day, it's giving you a guidance on where that expense ratio should be based on the age of the asset, which is important, you know, because that does dictate it, right? Older properties are going to have more repairs and more things to fix. So, uh, vacancy and credit loss. This includes physical vacancy, bad debt, people not paying rent, concessions you have to give out to get people to move in, and loss to lease, which is the difference between what current rents are and what market rent is. Current rent, market rent. So, decent amount of if you're $200 off, which she is on her rents, that's a decent amount of loss to lease, right, between what she can get versus what she's currently getting on the property. But she has 10% in here for the proforma and 8% for current. All right, so that's that's fair. Uh, you know, we'll play around with these numbers a little bit, but right now, just looking at these metrics, right, this does not work, right? I mean, she has an average cash on cash at here at 4.4% and a cap rate of six. You know, that doesn't really pencil with the existing price points and stuff. So, you got to start fooling around with it. And so, you start analyzing, okay, are the expenses in line? Probably. Probably not too far off. Um, are the rents in a line? So, if she feels comfortable about the rents, you keep those the way they are. Interest rates are what they are. That's going to be about an interest rate on this apartment building about 6 and a half%. Pretty standard with 65% debt on it. So, the only other thing that can change is your price, right? And backing into it. Uh, let me double check these numbers over here on the IRR tab. Why does it have that? That's weird. What is that? Oh, there we go. Um, make sure all this is accurate coming in here. Let me zoom up on this real quick. It's not letting me change the zoom on it. That's weird. Oh, there we go. There we go. Um, got rent bumps in there. Vacancy loss of that. You know, I would run it like that. So, I want to adjust her numbers here. Keep it at 10%. I think that's fair for that market. Expense bumps, operating cost. She's got that. So, that's good. That's all good. Uh net operating income coming through here and cap rates right around 6%. For the Carolinas, that's probably pretty good for the Carolinas. right around that 6% range because that area will contract pretty good as we get into better interest rate environments, but 6% is pretty good right now. [clears throat] Um, and so yeah, I mean you can see that IRR is pretty rough. [laughter] It's pretty rough. We got to improve that. So the only other way to do that based on all this stuff is we got to back into these deals. So they're asking a million7. I mean, let's just play around with some numbers real quick. What if we offer a million4? Everything else staying equal. You know, it starts to play ball, right? Starting to play ball. This one is. That one's not quite there yet. The irr number that needs to be sitting ideally at 15% or greater ideally. So, we're going to mess with it a little bit more. And um yeah, that's weird. Why is that? Um, is it because of the cap rate? Uh, because the cash on cash is high. I think it's because make sure she's got this. Yeah. Why? What's going on there? 16.25. Okay. But the um but your cap rate's really high for that. That should be sitting lower. But based on that net operating income, um you have to look at this a little bit. U because it's accurate, but she's got I guess the cap rate should be fine. That's that's that's correct. Annual proper rating. Yeah. So that's right. So, it's got to be some between a million 350 and a million4, right? That's where this deal is really going to make some sense. Um, so if if they're asking a million7, obviously we have some negotiations to do to see where it can get. Um because yes, based on &gt;&gt; the current numbers and stuff that are there um it's going to be tough to get that thing to pencil. So, uh Victor, I know you were looking in um in North Carolina too. Have you seen this deal? Then you have to un unmute yourself if you're there. Maybe. &gt;&gt; Great. Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I got you now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm I'm driving. So, &gt;&gt; uh, no, I have not. I haven't seen this deal. This is in Southern Pines. What part of the state is this at? &gt;&gt; Um, let me I'll show you. So this is your aerial on it. So um over by I guess south of Durham and Raleigh &gt;&gt; looks like suburb pretty rural &gt;&gt; a little bit. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; but a lot of nice golf courses out there. &gt;&gt; And then this thing tucks right in here. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So I'm guessing there's a lot of complex. She's buying one complex in a handful of the complexes. That's what it looks like. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Between Rally and and I mean Durham, there's a growth corridor. &gt;&gt; Um I'm I'm more east. I'm I'm sorry. I'm further west in the state towards Tennessee like where my deals at. &gt;&gt; Um but I'm also around, you know, a 6% cap. &gt;&gt; Yeah. On your on your exit cap. &gt;&gt; Yeah. the exit. Yeah, correct. &gt;&gt; Got it. But yeah, this thing would probably have to be somewhere in that um I mean, good location. I mean, it's a good location based on everything I'm seeing. I I don't know, you know, the job growth and everything in that market, but based on just the aerials and stuff, it looks like a pretty solid location mixed in with single family and multifamily. Uh, you know, nice area it looks like. Um, but yeah, back on the financials real quick. Yeah, she would have to purchase this right around a million four. Million four. Um, anything in these financials anybody has any questions on is you're kind of seeing this and in underwriting whether that's, you know, Kurt, I know you're looking at this stuff and um and underwriting backing into them because I know that's one of the areas you want to get better at. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm filling one out as we speak and following along with yours. &gt;&gt; Okay, got it. Perfect. Um, but yeah, based on this one, with all thing else being equal, um, everything else looks like it's in alignment, I'm going to presume the rents are good for a minute. Uh, the rest of it looks good. Her expense ratios are good. Um, this is all good. Um, so you can't really adjust much more. And if the numbers aren't there, they're not there. You got to back in with price to get to the value. So it's but it's right in that 14 range if she can pick it up at that. So, we'll um we'll be reaching back out to her to see where that that deal's at and if it makes sense with the broker. Um but I would offer on it and I always say you throw out the LOIs. I mean, I it doesn't matter. You you have to look at it like in the sense of you're you're creating conversation and whether this deal works or next one works is irrelevant. Just use the numbers back into them and throw it out and then start the conversation with the broker. even if it's a low offer, text them immediately after you send over the LOI as we've talked before and say, "Hey, uh, just sent you over an LOI. It's pretty aggressive, but I want to talk to you about the numbers because it's just based on the info I have right now. I'd like for you to maybe share with me maybe where I'm wrong and let them open back up to you because that's going to open the conversation and at least allow that to happen versus if you just send over an LOI that's super low, you're not going to get a response from the broker. You're going to get a middle finger. So, you just [laughter] you got to do it with um any, you know, anybody that's been a real estate agent in this before, you know, if the agent sends it over, sure. But if they call or text and saying kind of give you a heads up, you know, it kind of softens the blow a little bit so that way you can have a conversation, you know, if it can happen. So, um would you agree with that, Kurt? &gt;&gt; I would. I uh Oh, never mind. I have a question for later. Sorry. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, actually on no on this one when you're calculating uh a little bit further down like uh principal payown, how do you calculate that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that would come over here in uh in the IR tab, right? And depending on your loan because some loans are interest only, some are principal and interest, all the above. It just depends. So you can actually with a with a mortgage calculator, you can go in here and you can add it in on where that loan will be at at that point in time because this is where the IRRa is calculated. This is where your cash flows are calculated on the IRRa tab. So there's different ways you can do that, right, with the payment and then you could reduce your principal payment. &gt;&gt; So you have to do your own homework. It's not a formula in here that calculates it for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. mainly because a lot of the commercial loans at least that we've been in and seen uh you'll see a lot of IO interest only &gt;&gt; and so because you're putting so much money down. I mean, you have to look at it in a different sense. If you weren't putting a bunch of money down, having a principal and interest loan would be good. But in commercial real estate where it's only a 3, five, seven or 10 year type loan term, uh, you're putting 30% down anyways. There's a lot of equity in the deal, I've always tried to get as much IO as I can, interest only, because there's really no there's really not a huge benefit in paying down uh, the principal if you already have a bunch of equity already in the deal. you might as well have that cash flow coming to you, right? Because there's still a ton of equity already in it. Make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I get that that principle. I just didn't know as I'm using your sheet here. I didn't know if there was an amortization formula that was figuring it out yourself. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, we have Let me ask you for folks in here. We have another tab we can add here that's a mortgage amortization schedule. Would that be beneficial for everybody? And what I mean by that is it'll show &gt;&gt; for the PIM. Correct. It'll show all the payments. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; In grave detail. &gt;&gt; Okay. I think the reason we didn't put it in here is we didn't want to scare people. [laughter] But yes, you can have an amortization schedule in there very easily and that would do the math for you if that's what you're asking for. So, we can add that in. No problem. &gt;&gt; Justin, I have a question. I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; I was gonna say, uh, Kurt, would that help? &gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah, I mean if the majority of them are IO, I've always done IO, but if if if you I just didn't know from your experience if you do see principal ones if it there's an amorization chart at, you know, 5 10 15 years uh or increments. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Or maybe just out 10 years so that you can kind of figure out a short-term strategy. If it's anything significant, you plug it in, right? You know, in San Diego, everything's so compressed that every little penny helps. &gt;&gt; It does. Yeah. especially if you're paying it down and you're getting a principal recapture. Um it helps the cash flow going out the door depending on how you're financing it. So yeah, and they're all am most commercial loans are amvertised over 25 years, not 30. Um sometimes you can get 30, but mostly it's 25. So I think there's one other question that came in here. Um, when adjusting cap rate on the IRR page, if it's at 8% cap rate for the area for purchase caps for multif family, what do I set up cap rates across the years? Well, yeah, Kelly, if if it's if the area is 8%, you want to have 8% across the board. Yeah, you can adjust it. And the reason we have it adjustable in there, right, right right down here, is let's say you get to year three of the deal and cap rates have compressed from six to 5.5, right? You can adjust that right there and it'll adjust your value, right? And then if you're going to do your sale right there, now this is your value at the sale. Or if you're going to refinance it, then this is your value at the refi. So that's going to allow you to do some cash out. So, but yeah, that allows you to adjust it each year. But if it's 8%, you would carry that all the way through, right? All the way through. Um, cool. And then let me pull up this other deal real quick. This was another one that just came through. This is from Gina. Um, pull this guy up. This is a cool little deal. Very nice. Yeah, this one's in Huntsville, Texas. Very cool little deal. This is the OM from the brokers. Um, so 50 units, 2002 built. Very cool occupancy. An awesome 52% occupied. Yeah, it looks like a deal. Let's go steal it. Um, wow. 52% occupied. Is this a foreclosure? Hold on. Something's going on. Um, yeah, that's very interesting at 52%. Something's going on there. Um, but yeah, going through here. Average unit size. These are all two-bedroom, one baths, thousand square foot units. Um, Sam Houston State. So, it's got to be rural. Clearly, it's rural, which is probably part of the issue. Um, but yeah, very standard little 2000 aged property. Then you got your some of your financials going through there. 8-year cash flows. Um, yeah. So, they're showing a lot of vacancy here. Yeah. So, I'd be curious. I mean, they have a huge amount, right, given the current state of the property, but um they're dropping it pretty quickly in year two. I just I'd want to know. I I want to understand the story. Um raise rents by $500 a unit. Some tenants are currently paying less than 500 a month. Um got it. Interesting. Yeah. I just want to fully understand like what's going on here. Um because uh why haven't the owner Yeah, I just want to understand the story there cuz that seems um pretty wild to have a occupancy that low. Um, let's pull up the I'm pulling up the aerial real quick to show you guys. Then let me share pull this up. So, in terms of Texas location, yeah, you're out kind of by College Station a little bit. Are you I mean, you're pretty close. Um, interesting. So, a little rural town up there, Huntsville. Got it. So, decent amount of apartments. Uh, it's a college town, small college town. Um, does anybody know much about um Huntsville, Texas? If Johnny's in here or anybody else um that may have some ideas about Huntsville, Texas. I'm not that familiar with it. It's it's a tertiary market as they would call that. So, it's definitely rural, but you know, little town. Um, &gt;&gt; it's near a university, Justin. &gt;&gt; Yeah, which is good. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's good. But clearly, uh, they're having an occupancy problem. Um, some for some reason. We got to just dig into that. Um, because yeah, College Station over here, that's where we're at. And we have a property This is our 144 unit right here in College Station. Um, and we're going to redevelop this thing. So, um, this one currently, you know, we bought it beginning of last year at a pretty substantial discount. And um it's it's really a land play because we're entitling the entire property for a mid-rise uh apartment complex that's going to have retail on the ground floor because Texas A&amp;M is literally a mile away. Um where are we at here&amp;M? Where's Texas&amp;M? Right here. Did I miss it? Am I losing my mind? Am I out of balance here? What you got? Texas. Oh, there you go. About a mile away. And so we can easily redevelop that site because they're looking for it. They're removing all the height restrictions and stuff. And it's a perfect opportunity to come in here and actually build a newer construction complex. But that's one in in College Station, which is next to Texas A&amp;M, just out, you know, just outside of Houston and stuff. Um, but okay. Well, yeah, let's jump through the numbers real quick and see how they underwrote it real quick. So there, here's their analyzer and I'll zoom up on it real quick. So they've got it coming in here at 91,000 a unit. Um seems quite rich. Uh don't worry about the photos. Those are of another property. Um 30% down. Same thing. Repair budget 50 grand. Um seems low. Building age 2002, which is newer, right? Which is good. and six and a quarter interest rate, which is probably fair depending on what um what uh what kind of loan you could get on it with its current occupancy problem. But current rents are at 958. They're saying 1,100. Um expense ratios are, you know, they're high for what they're currently operating at. So, it's very interesting. But yeah, that's probably not too far off. somewhere between 45 to 50%. Even though it's a 1980 property, but you're you're probably in that range. Somewhere in that 40% range. Um, this is crazy. The vacancy problem. Yeah, there's got clearly there's a story to this. We just got to figure out what it is. Um, yeah, something's missing here with your other income number. So, this would be something I would look at right here. Uh, it's pretty low in terms of their other income. So, I'd want to dig into this to see how we can add value, increase the net operating income through adding in, you know, reimburseables, other things that are going on there to really push the other income on the property because that's going to be a big big kicker to help this thing kick butt. Um, expense ratio, that's all fine. Yeah. And then, um, it's very interesting. So, they have So, what here's the here's the challenge, right? is and this is kind of similar to you know Kelly and you guys that deal in Cleveland right where you you know it's that one's 33% occupied and this one's you know 50% occupied so then you know how do you take something like this down and then move the needle on it to get it occupied because this either you have an operational problem something's going on here so you just need that needle to move and you have two options you can you can use seller financing If that works and the seller will finance the property because they don't have a bunch of debt on it currently. So, that's one option. If that's not an option, then you're going to have to come in here with with uh bridge debt financing, you know, like a 24-month bridge loan at a much higher interest rate, and you're going to have to acrue that with an interest reserve account to pay the interest because the property can't support it. And then you're going to get, you know, two years out, two and a half years out, and you're going to refinance the property because now the values are up, right? And you can come in here and do that because if if you go from a net operating income of 119 where it's at today, to a net operating income of 357, right? You take that 357 uh divided by your let's say um uh let's take a 065 cap rate, right? So you you buy the property at 4.5 and your closing cost and stuff. So you're probably all in it around uh 4.8 all in at 4.8 and if you can get the value to 5.4 but your you know and your loan amount is 3.185. So now with your new value 24 months from now at 55. So now you can come in with a new loan of 3.85 million. a new loan of 3.85 million and that loan will pay off this loan and then you're going to have an extra, right? You will have an extra several hundred,000 to play with $665,000ish to pay back some equity, right? pay pay back some of this equity here and maybe only have a million dollars left in the deal and then now you can ride it and cash flow the property from that point. You're going to have to incur some interest charges, right, to carry that this property to get it there. But that's how you would do it. You would do it with bridge debt, you know, 2 threeear loan at probably a 9% interest rate, 9 and a half% interest rate. And um you'd still have to come in with 30% down, but that would allow you to buy this thing and do that. I would probably come in here and hammer this further. You know, I'd probably come in at a $4 million valuation on it. Um especially in Texas right now at 80,000 a unit for that. I mean, given how it's operating and then you can come in and move that property up and have a much bigger gap um to uh to pay that debt back and be it'd be a pretty big win. I mean, if you could pick this property up at $4 million at 80,000 a unit um because of the way it's operating, like that would be the game on this particular deal. So, um, yeah, I mean, we'll be responding back to Gina and kind of letting her know that, yeah, really the number on this thing without diving into too much crazy detail on the financials, but yeah, $4 million purchase price or somewhere right around there is probably where this thing needs to trade. Um, and then you're going to need a 2-year, threeyear loan at 9% and have some interest reserve built into it to carry it until you can get the property operating much better. Much better. Does that make sense? Uh, Sandon, I know you're looking at this and everybody else kind of you I mean, because that's the way you you buy properties that are stressed like this is you have two options. You either negotiate in seller financing because you can't get normal financing or you bring in bridge debt, two and threeyear loans and you build in the interest reserve and it's all part of the cost and then you refinance out of it in two to three years. Um &gt;&gt; seems like an expensive market, Justin. They have uh this guy started at 5.5 on this and then &gt;&gt; they've got like a 70 unit and a 16 unit and then even a sixunit at almost 2 million. So um just curious and running the comps and looking at it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I would definitely want to see a couple things. Where's the current cap rate in that market? Um the reason you're seeing that cap rate there, Tony, it's so low is because the property is at 50%. you know, I mean, you you can't even look at the cap because it's not even operational. I mean, it's borderline vacant, half vacant. So, yeah, you can't even look at the cap rate because there's not really an NOI to even talk about. Um, so definitely makes it hard. So, you're buying the future. No different than that 40 unit in Cleveland is, you know, I would be looking at, okay, what are the current market cap rates and building towards that. So that way once I get operational and just come in with better operations, I'm building the property up and getting it to where at that market, meaning let's say it's 7%. Right? I could go sell that property in the current market environment and still make money. If if the cap rates are seven, right? And I could sell it a seven today. Well, that's what I want to I want to make sure that I'm building the property up higher than that. Remember, we always want, just so everybody knows, you always want about a 2% gap between the the cap rate you build it to and where you sell it to. So, in this case, year six cap, right? But I mean, even if this is based on taking the financials up is 10.51. But if you can sell the thing at an eight cap or seven cap, you're making money, right? Obviously, this is, you know, we'd have to really dig into this number, but if you're building it up to that cap rate [snorts] based on the financials that you're taking it to and then you get a chance to sell it back down at the market at the market seven, well, you have I mean over 3% spread and that's great. Like you can make money. So, that's the only way you would do this, right? You wouldn't, like you said, Tony, buy it at a three, take it to a six and like when market seven like that just that doesn't make any sense. So you you would buy this because it's this is a stressed asset clearly. And but if you know if you have the ability to go in and take it, operate it up and then sell it back down at the current cap rates of 7% but build it up to an 8 910, you're going to make money regardless. Yeah, you'll definitely make money. Um, and that's that's where you want to take it to is this this setup right here and then sell it back down at the market, which is it's probably somewhere between six and a half to 7% cap rates in that market right now in in the Texas market. &gt;&gt; So, um, cool. Um, &gt;&gt; thanks. &gt;&gt; You're welcome. Yeah, John. Um, it would be I mean it's based on the 55% occupancy, yes, but you'll never be able to get that thing to cash flow at 55% occupancy clearly. So, you need what's called bridge debt, which is a loan that allows you to acquire the property. It's at a, you know, probably much higher interest rate, at least 9% probably, and they're going to build in an interest reserve into that loan to pay themselves the interest for the two years. So you're not having to feed it every month. And then at the end of the two years when that property is now at 90% occupied, you're going to refinance that property, pay back the loan that you got with all the interest, and then you're going to ride off into the sunset. I mean, that's the concept behind something like that. Yeah. Uh Haim, I see you just put up your hand real quick. &gt;&gt; What is the typical down payment to get a bridge loan? &gt;&gt; Same thing. You'd be about 30 35%. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You got to remember &gt;&gt; I was expecting for such sort of loan to be able to get less down. No. &gt;&gt; Say that again. &gt;&gt; I was expecting for such type of loan to get less down because they understand that we're in a stabilization period. &gt;&gt; Yeah. They're still going to bank it on protecting themselves, right? So there, you know, you could get a 75% loan to cost. like that's possible, but you always want to protect yourself, right? And so you always have an exit, &gt;&gt; which is why the the best route to go is &gt;&gt; even though the returns may look a little bit different for investors, you want to make sure you can get out of the bridge debt. The last thing you want to do is overlever it, right, with a little too much debt. And then you get two years down the road and you can't get out of that loan. Then then you're up Shit's creek. That's when you get caught and then you're like, "Oh my god, I just lost all our investors money &gt;&gt; because I tried to bring in less money down to start." &gt;&gt; Protect the money, right? Your investors will never kill you if you give them their principal back. &gt;&gt; Um, but they will kill you if you don't. So, you want to be tactful with that. So, yes, uh, go in there with the same kind of 65 70% leverage. uh they'll build in an interest reserve of probably if several hundred,000 on this deal to carry the interest uh difference on the property and allow you to lease this thing up, you know, and and find but there's got to be a story to it, right? There's got to be a story no different than the one in Cleveland that we're looking at that's 40 units. It's just you have a bad owner, bad operator that just doesn't know what they're doing. &gt;&gt; I mean, it's mindboggling to me. Um, but that happens sometimes and there's no um pressure on that owner because they're not really servicing a big loan on it. So, even at 33% occupied, they're paying the debt &gt;&gt; because he's owned it so long. &gt;&gt; And so, you really just need an owner to go in there, turn it around, great marketing, clean it up, get it presentable, change the vibe on it, and get at least up to 85, 90% occupied, and that thing will hum, &gt;&gt; you know. So there might there has to be a story &gt;&gt; to get it there. Because if I went out to this property and I found out, oh, like there's something like it's not it's not as easy as just coming in and putting in better operations, like there's something functionally wrong with the property, why it's going vacant, all this stuff. Um, then you probably wouldn't move on it because that's going to be too heavy of a lift. See, that's that. But that's part of the the the due diligence process. you know, what's going on with it? Why is it occupied at 50%. &gt;&gt; And you're going to double and triple check that to feel as confident as you can um about the deal. So, &gt;&gt; thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you bet. &gt;&gt; You saw my text. &gt;&gt; Uh should they increase their repair budget? Uh it depends. Uh Twilight, yeah, they could increase their repair budget if it's needed, but I haven't even seen the property yet. It's 2002, so it's newer. Um and they may need to do that. I mean, they may go in there and find out they really need to ren these units because they're a little dated because the market around them is much better. They may have to put in 56,000 a unit, right, to raise raise the property in better condition to attract a better tenant. And if that's the case, that changes the formula even more, right? So, um, is this close to campus? Yeah. Yeah, I wouldn't pay attention to the cap. Yeah, we talked about that, Tony. Um, cool. Um, yeah, Michael. Uh, you can, the only way you would buy new construction, like maybe within the last three to five year type property is if it's stressed, meaning the developer has built it. This is where you're seeing a lot of these guys buy class A who would never buy class A because they can go in now and buy that class A property in a major discount because there's a lot of vacancy and stress in that because the developer built it and they can't refinance their debt right now and get out of that construction loan. So, they're sitting there just feeding it. So, as a result, you can go in there and take, you know, get get them out of the debt, make them happy, and then you just now take on a property that you got it at a discount. I mean, that's how the class A works right now. But I wouldn't normally, at least where we're at. I mean, class A is for the Grant Cardones, right? The people who, you know, have a billion dollars and they're just trying to clip coupons, right? And so they're not trying to really do an enormous value ad on a property and they have gobs of money and just much much deeper pockets. Much deeper pockets. Um how do you battle a property with a market and an over supply of properties? Is that something we should avoid? Um no. You just have to buy it right. And you need to also pay attention to trends. So what I'm no different than you do in in the state of Texas or Florida right now because those are the two markets that are heavily over supplied temporarily temporarily is you want to go and you want to look at the trends in the market for absorption. How many people are moving into the state? How many people are moving to certain cities? How many and you can get this data. How many units need to be absorbed? Right? Right? So if you have 400 people a day moving in and you have to absorb X amount of people in units to get to stabilized market, that's telling you the trend is moving in the right direction. So that way if you can buy it here and write it up, but you just got to pay attention to the absorption and make sure that's in it's in a positive direction. But all this is online. You can go find it. You know, you can go into Texas and Florida and you could say, "Hey, I'm in such and such city. Run me through some of the trends, right? right? And what's going on with absorption rates and supply rates of units and give me a projection on when this thing may balance out. So it but you can pick up a property at a discount because you're buying it in a tough market environment on today's right pricing in that tough environment and you get to ride it up. I mean that's a good thing if you can if you can do it and weather the storm. Yeah. Um good question Kurt. So, new here, uh, how do you con how do you construct expenses if this is distress from a wholesaler um that doesn't have all the info? Yeah, great question. So, yeah, if they don't have all the data, um, what you really need is um, age of the property, right? That'll give you some context, right? Because you can see from those expense ratios what it should look like or what it should be. And then you can just put in a whole number in there. That's usually what I've done. If I don't have the expense numbers, um, I would put in a whole number there until I get the actual data. But obviously your offer then is going to be because you don't have the data. My offer is going to be more aggressive like downward until I get the data because I have to come in presuming it's going to be worse. All right? So, I'm going to come in with a little more aggressive offer and then tell the brokers, "Hey, listen. I'd love to give you more, but I need the data to give you more. If you can't give me data, I got to go off this this stuff. I there's just no other way I can do it. I can't you agree to a number and lock in a deal if um if I don't have good data. So, and then no money goes hard, by the way. Like the the the days of putting money hard to get contracts or lock deals up, that was 2019 through 2022. those days are gone because I know brokers, they sometimes try and do that. Oh, your money's going to go hard from day one. You don't need to do that in today's environment. It's just not that market. Uh that may come back again at some point, but it's not here right now. So, any deposit monies, any of that stuff go in and they're refundable until after your due diligence period. Yeah. So, um Haim, I did not see that yet. I don't have my uh phone in front of me, so I'll have to look at that later if you texted me. personally. Um, cool. Awesome, everybody. Yeah, any other last quick questions before we uh jump off here? Yeah, those were those two main deals. They were pretty good ones. Um, but yeah, things are moving. You're going to start to see right after the Patriots win the Super Bowl, you're going to find out that the um you're going to see the apartments come on the market. You know, they're going to come on the market. You guys are going to love it. What? [laughter] Patriots is that what are you from there? &gt;&gt; I am not, man. But uh Pete Middleton Pete Middleton converted me back in 2010. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Did you go with him all those times? &gt;&gt; A lot of times. Yeah. &gt;&gt; With his fake [laughter] press pass. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I uh it's been 16 years. It's been a good 16 years. Although the last six years have been rough, but it's all right. It's all right. Um awesome, everybody. Well, yeah. Any questions, let us know. And um let's rock and roll. Let's rock and roll. Have a good evening everybody.