Hello, hello, hello. Come on in. Get the chat going here. Hopefully everybody can hear me okay as you're coming in. Happy Thursday. Happy Thursday. How's everybody doing? Hello, hello. Put that in the chat for everybody as everybody's coming on in. Good to see everybody's faces here. We got Julio, Jason, good to see you. Julian Mr. Kurt. Uh Kurt, we're actually going to go over your deal this morning. Um we got sitting here. Awesome. So, let everybody kind of get on in here and then we'll get going. Beautiful, beautiful. Uh how's everybody's week? How was Memorial Day? Any exciting happen for anybody? Any exciting at all? Was anybody traveling? Are you out of state? Are you in state? Um I did a little bit of travel over the the three-day. Did some cool stuff. Yeah, I'm just curious. Did anybody stay local or were you traveling all over the place for Memorial Day weekend? All right. Let's see. We got Bruce in here. Good to see you. Chad, awesome. Sitting stuff too. So, okay. Yeah, we'll get going. Uh any kind of wins anybody want to share any kind of wins this last week? I know several of you are in contract on some deals. I know Hayden and Matt um just closed on a 28-unit uh I think on Monday. I think it was Monday or Tuesday. No, Tuesday. Tuesday after the holiday. Um yeah, they closed on a 28-unit that one in Kansas City that we talked about with Roy um a week ago. So, they closed on that. So, congrats to them. And a few others that are in contract going through due diligence and different phases of the closing process. So, which can get, you know, quite busy. Quite busy as you're kind of coming through that stage. Um but yeah, we're going to go over Kurt's deal today and then um you know, want to open up for some Q&amp;A as we go through that. Um anything, you know, Chad, any of you on kind of some of your calls with the brokers and things going on? You were at the Indy 500. Awesome. Uh any networking going on there? Did you bring in anybody that are potential capital people? Was anybody asking you, "Hey, what are you doing, Chad? Hey, how are things going? Hey, how's life? Hey, how's business? Hey, how's this?" And did you respond with, "Yeah, things are good, man, but you know, we're or things are great. Uh you know, we're I'm just putting out some fires or dealing with some stuff on some apartments." Which then would tee up some further conversation cuz they're going to say, "W- What do What do you mean apartments?" And then that's when you would say, "Well, yeah, I'm buying apartments with investors and we're doing it in XYZ." Really? Boom boom boom boom boom. Like that's how that conversation can get started uh with folks. Um you're in operating mode. You get your property up and running slowly but surely getting more comfortable around acquiring multi-family property and the numbers. Yes. Um so, Julian, anything in particular that's come up here in this last week since we spoke uh around the operation side. That's either surprising or you know, as expected or different. Curious. Um Yep, collecting more leads, Julian, backfilling the capital raise. Love that. Um and yes, all warm interest, Chad. Cuz yeah, I mean, you're out at events like that, even on a Memorial Day weekend, it's a perfect um excuse to have conversations. Give you a perfect example. So, I'm out uh at this amazing place called Clear Sky Resorts in Southern Utah. And I'm having dinner and talking to the waiter. Just, you know, asking him, "Hey, where are you Where are you from? Tell me a little bit about your story." And you know, they're from here, they're from there, and they moved here, and they're out here seasonally, and they're working at the resort and stuff like that. And I'm like, "Yeah, this place is unbelievable. I I mean, who built this place?" And the waiter's like, "He's right behind you." Meaning he's sitting at the table right behind me. He's out there for Memorial Day weekend. And I'm like, "Ah, perfect. So, two choices. I can either A, do nothing, or B, have 20 seconds of courage. Have you ever heard the saying, "Your life Your life is about 20 seconds of courage every day." You have so many different 20 seconds of courage that happen in your day, every day. And you have to make a decision. Am I going to have the 20 seconds of courage, or am I going to clam up? Am I going to pick up the phone and call that prospect right now because now is the time, or am I going to clam up? I'll do it tomorrow. Am I going to walk across the room and shake the hand of the person that I'd like to shake, or am I going to clam up and let that opportunity pass? So, waiter leaves. I talk to Kate. I'm like, I'm going to, you know, you know, just introduce uh ourselves and tell him what a great place he has here cuz I mean, I'm going to compliment cuz it's an incredible place. So, I wait until there's a little break in conversation and the guy behind me and I you know, we're getting up from our dinner, and I just walk over. I put my hand on his shoulder. His name's Hal, by the way. And he's from Scottsdale, Arizona. And I'm like, uh "Sir, your staff let me know I asked him I'm like, who the owner?" And they're like, "Hey, that's that guy." I just wanted want you, you're unbelievable, this place. Unbelievable. And I had to personally come over and tell you that we're enjoying it so much and I've it we can't wait to get back here. Blah blah blah blah blah. Nicest dude ever. Like down-to-earth, by the way. I mean, this guy I don't know if he like built this place by his hands, which he didn't, but this is not somebody you would realize is worth millions and millions and millions of dollars, right? Baseball cap, look like he'd been living on a ranch for 6 weeks, and, you know, just not somebody you would expect to be this kind of level, right? But he's sitting at the table with a handful of folks just like him in their 50s, very well-to-do, you could tell, and I kind of broke the conversation, but I had 20 seconds of courage. Because I could have like clammed up and done nothing and just kind of walked off into the night and nothing said. Or I take the moment of 20 seconds and say, "Hey, sir, I just want to compliment you on your incredible resort you have here. This place is amazing and, you know, Kate and I are so excited to be here and just want to come over and say thank you." Like that brightened up his day cuz nobody does that, by the way. So now he stands up out of his chair and we sit there talking for about 15 minutes. The best part was the next morning when we went in for breakfast. He actually walked over to us and say, "How did you like last night looking at the stars?" And when all this stuff was going down, the Milky Way, and we're like getting into the conversation. What do you think happened? Do you think we exchanged information? Yes, we did. Do you think that's a possible investor? And then he talked about another resort he's building in Moab, Utah. It all started with 20 seconds of courage, you guys. And it wasn't about like anything other than me complimenting. It's called edification, right? Me complimenting him on an incredible place have nothing to do about money or business or anything. But now there's a common thread there. Um and we just made conversation and now it's a contact and now he's in my phone and he's in my CRM system. So, the next time we get a deal, do you think of me? And I didn't talk to him about We didn't even talk about what I did for a living. It was all about him and conversation and connection and all that stuff, right? And then but what you know, I said, "Hey, let's stay in contact, you know, and you know, I'd love to come in and blah blah blah and come out to your Moab resort and blah blah blah." And so, um now he's in the um the CRM, and he's he'll get a weekly newsletter that'll just drip out to him. I personally texted him though, so he knows it's coming. And now there we go. And now that guy's worth millions of dollars, and he has friends that are worth millions of dollars. So, people know people that know people. All because of 20 seconds of courage. That is how the game is played. Does that make sense? Thumbs up in the in the chat if this makes sense. Because that that's what it took. Right? I I Once again, that is a moment. That is a fork in the moment of time. And I had two choices. Clam up and do nothing, or take 20 seconds of courage and compliment somebody that leads to a conversation, which then leads to a relationship, which then who knows where it can go. I may end up being a resort owner. Who knows? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; All right? You get the point, right? You get the point. That's how the game is played. But if if you play the the introverted scared, don't want to bother them game, you're not bothering anybody. You're I complimented him on an incredible place, right? Or it's always about the edification game. You never walk over to anybody and just start talking about yourself. I mean, you know how that goes, right? It's It's always about, "Hey, just want to introduce myself. I've always wanted to meet you. Hey, you know, thanks for doing this or thanks for doing that or blah blah blah." It's always the the gratitude and edification game first. That breaks the ice, lowers the guard, and then now you can introduce yourself and see where that may go. Maybe it goes somewhere, maybe it goes nothing, maybe it's a quick conversation, and then you walk away from it, but at least you did something, right? Versus nothing. But that led to something now. And now I know the resort owner, and we're here with them, we're meeting his friends. He's from Scottsdale, he's doing this, he's building one in Moab. Now we're in each other's contact list, in each other's phones, and it was all from a 20 seconds of courage. That is how it's it's played, and I don't care what industry you're in. That is how the game is played. So. Um beautiful. Okay. Let's get going. I'm going to pull up Kurt, I'm going to pull up your deal. I'm going to bring you on up top here, too. Um you did a little video on this, which we will watch, but I'm going to bring up the analyzer first here. And then I know that you were doing a 90/10 split. Got it. Okay. So, I'll share my screen and stuff, and let's walk through this. Uh I'm going to try and play the video, Kurt, so we can all watch it together real quick. I'll see how long it is, and then I'll bring you up, and we'll chat about it. Um so, let me see how this video goes here. See if I can share the screen. Oh, this is cool. Did you do Is it like a Who is this company? Actionable videos like this? Hm. Let's check it out. I don't even know this company, but you got your branding on it, which I like. Uh let me share the screen, and we'll go from there. And I'll see if everybody can hear this as it's coming through. So, let me know in just a second in the chat if you can hear this audio when I get playing here. &gt;&gt; All right. So, I want to see if I'm missing something here. So, as it stands right now with this property, a couple things. Number one, uh &gt;&gt; It's really quiet. Yeah, hold on 1 second. See if we can pull this off a little bit better here. Okay. So, that's better there. Let's see if it picks up this audio better. &gt;&gt; I mean I don't know how to put this in the right box cuz I couldn't figure out. The seller's willing to do 5 and 1/2. &gt;&gt; Does that audio sound a little bit better? &gt;&gt; 50% down. That's actually just a 50%. Um with that being said, it's a very low interest rate and &gt;&gt; on. So, now I'm going to expand it. And then I'm going to share the screen. So, hold on here. So, that way you can see it all. Where did that baby go? Just had it up here. I'll pull it up. One second. I've got it. That's why I was doing that. Okay. So, now pull this up. I'll share that. The screen's bigger. Okay. 2 seconds. I'll share that. Boom and boom. &gt;&gt; Um with that being said, it's a very low interest rate and going through this pro forma here and doing about 100 grand in rehab because this is running kind of as is [clears throat] low as I had to go to get this at 18% or greater. Um this pro forma here though is all good. You can see the property taxes are higher here cuz it was misassessed. So, they're fighting that and stating this is what it's going to be, which is kind of interesting. But, even at these two numbers um the expense ratios are you know the ex you know really really low on this property. So, there's got to be a way to make it work with that and or uh this 5.5 interest rate. Everything here is in alignment with what you're traditionally seeing. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Uh, but when we get down here cash on cash it's only at 6% and then there's the IRR of 9.4 which we will obviously want to raise. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Now, I saw in one of the other classes you you had gone and done a refi in here which changed that a little bit and I also wanted to look at changing the waterfall. I've been talking to some experienced guys and they don't do, you know, 70/30. They'll do 80/20 or even 90/10 sometimes to make deals work. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; And so I couldn't remember I couldn't figure out where to change that on here in regards to the entire payout of equity ownership. This is equity you put in but what about ownership payout? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; That's where I want to &gt;&gt; You're right below there. You're staring at it. It's right there. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; make this deal work. Um, let me know if I'm missing something here. I don't have the refi in here at all. Sorry. Here. &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. Yeah, so let me bring that up. We'll share that and then we'll walk through that. So let's do that here. Um, it's on Garland Street. Where is that at? Is that um Is that's Idaho, right? I think you said it's in Idaho. Is that right, uh, Kurt? Yeah, Nampa, Idaho. Okay, got it. Yeah, so let me zoom up on this so you can kind of see it a little bit better so everybody can see that. So asking price is 2,650. You're thinking 50% down. Is that because it's seller financed? Uh, looks like it Is it seller financed deal, I believe. Yeah, okay. So seller financed so you're getting about a So is that million bucks is that about accurate about a million dollars, million 50 for the for the current loan seller financing? So that Okay, got it. So you're going to get about that amount of loan and then the rest is equity. Okay. 1980 property, all that's good. Uh coming in here to rents, you're going to take it from here to there. So that's give or take uh little over $110 bump there and $160 bump there, right? So you're going for 100 110 to 160 bucks 150 bucks in bump. Um the Yeah, the reason why this expense ratio so low is um 14 units. Utility seem a little low. So you're just going to want to check in on couple of these numbers. Um utility seem a little low, your insurance seems a little low. Contract services, those all seem fine. Payroll, marketing, management seems low. That's probably going to be at 8% for management. So that number seems low. Everything else looks okay. So you're going to want to double check these three numbers on that front. Um and then Kurt, I'm going to bring you up. So I'll get you a chance to talk here. You'll come on in. All right. &gt;&gt; Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Yes, I can. Beautiful. &gt;&gt; Yeah, currently they say that the landlord pays all the utilities, which is at 7271. And then it doesn't have the broker stating like you can put this on rubs and it's eligible and charge the tenants all back. So I actually included that in the other income in the pro forma, but I also kept it in the pro forma of uh in the utilities box. &gt;&gt; Right. Correct. And you would, cuz you you're going to have the expense, but then you can get a reimbursement. But typically, you won't get all of it reimbursed back. You'll get about 60 65% reimbursed. Right? So, you kind of say, "Okay, well, for spending $7,000 on utilities." And you would just want to get that verified. So, you'd look at the water bill. I presume the tenants are paying their electric. &gt;&gt; Everything. Oh, no, no. Uh they're saying the landlord pays all the utilities right now. &gt;&gt; Including electric? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, yeah. So, a couple questions I would have is how are the meters set up? Meaning, is there a meter for gas for each unit, meter for uh electric for each unit, and then one water meter for the property? Or is it individually metered? So, I'd want to understand the metering system. That'd be question number one. Cuz that's going to help kind of dictate this utility situation. But yeah, I 100% I would get reimbursables, big time. Because you if you're paying for everybody's utilities, holy crap. There's no incentive for them to do anything but spend a lot of money. Right? So, yeah, you you're going to want to change that policy a bit, too. Especially if it's individually metered. Meaning, if if your ga- Does it have gas or is it electric? Do you know for everything? &gt;&gt; I don't know for everything, no. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, yeah, I'd want to ask that. Maybe you can look on the OM or something or ask the broker, "Hey, how's Is there gas or is it all electric for you um for appliances and for heaters and all that stuff? Is there gas or is it all electric?" So, you'd want to understand that. Um and then, are there individual meters for electric and and gas, if there's gas? Or is there individual electric meters? There's probably one water meter on the property, that would be common, and then multiple and then individual electric meters and gas if there's gas. So, I'd want to know that cuz that's going to help dictate and understand this utility number better. And then, yeah, I would want to understand the insurance. Like who's the current insurance provider? That seems low, but I would want to understand the current policy and what's covered and so forth cuz that's probably going to change. It's probably going to go up, is my guess. Um and I'm guessing that's the tax rate, right? So, um how are taxes calculated in that county, do you know? &gt;&gt; I don't know the formula. I just asked chat GPT or your Google. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And did did it break it down though for you and give you like a percentage and all of that and kind of how they figure it out that you &gt;&gt; Uh maybe I'll look at it. I'll pull it up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, double check that based upon, you know, this price point here, right? And then adjust for that accordingly. Um cuz if you find out, "Oh, it's, you know, 1.18% of the uh assessed value, typically, right? So, the assessed value." Okay, well, what's the assessed value then? Do they Is it the purchase price? Does it usually fall below that, which is typical? So, it'll be somewhere in there, but you'll want to definitely look into that number just to double-check it. Um management in there, if you have a third-party management fee, you're definitely going to be at 8% all in cuz that's going to include not just the management fee, but any kind of commissions, lease-up, anything like that that's going to go on to to keep the building occupied and leasing it, managing it, and all that stuff. So, that's why we put in that fee for that. Um reserves are fine. All of that stuff's is good. That's all fine. Um you know, we'll do sale, that's fine, year six. Exit cap rate, fine. Refinancing, we'll do no for now. We'll see how this thing works out here. So, this is kind of like where we're coming into this one here. Um So, a lot of it, I mean, this cash on cash number, the reason why that's low is cuz you're putting a lot of money down, right? I mean, you're putting 50% down. So, that's going to play a role in it, especially uh along with the IRR, cuz the IRR, if you understand how the IRR gets calculated for both you and the property, it's going to be based off uh the money uh coming into the deal, right? So, if you have If I zoom up on this, right? This is how you calculate the IRR, cuz you have money going out, right? So, that's the money going out first, the million 235, and then you start getting cash flows back, which is fine, but there's a lot of money out, right? So, that velocity of the return of that money is going to be slower, cuz you have a lot of money that went out first. So, therefore, the IRR and the cash on cash is going to be dropped. Let me show you what happens if you actually finance it traditionally without seller financing. Let's go to 30% and let's take this to 6%. And let's see what happens. So, this goes up a little bit. Let me pull this up here real quick. &gt;&gt; It'll be like the IRR went down. &gt;&gt; Let's see this real quick. Let's go to 50%. Make sure that this is calculating. Back here. Got it. Um This should be adjusting your um proceeds for that. So when I do that, it should be putting some money into the loan amount versus it having coming straight out of equity. Oh, that's why, cuz you have this selected. So yeah, got it. That's why. Cuz you're going to put it all in the equity. Um And then um 6% rate, that's if you did it traditionally. &gt;&gt; And the seller financing box that's there is that only if we're a second? &gt;&gt; Yeah, correct. Cuz that's normally you know you'll get like a primary and some seller financing and stuff like that. But yeah, if you're doing the seller's going to finance the whole thing, you can make it the senior loan. Cuz that &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, correct. It would be the primary loan. Cuz there's no other loans on it. Um Yeah, paying 146,000 a unit repair budget. Um Revenue is what it is. To there. &gt;&gt; And so then, you know, aside from a refi, the other question I had was in regards to the equity stack, right? Um not So I told you I was talking to a guy of whom I'd met who's been doing this for many, many years, and he doesn't as far I know how you structure it with 90% of the other investors bringing in the capital, we bring in 10%, but the actual ownership is like 70/30, 80/20. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; And I didn't know where to break that up to try and make it work cuz &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's right here. So, you have your 90/10, that's in terms of the money. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And then in terms of your profit splits, your ownership, right? You've done an 80/20. &gt;&gt; It's Okay, I was confused at like hurdle three split profit share. Okay, so that's the thing. &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah, so you can keep all these fine. These are, you know, non-applicable here cuz you don't have The reason the hurdle two is there is if you had something like this. Uh we're going to pay the preferred return, so that's what's up here. So, 100% is going to go to the investors until they get a 6%. So, that's what hurdle one talks about. Then let's say you had a We're going to do a 50/50 split until you hit a 15%, right? So, you change you put 15% there and then it's 50/50. Most of all of you are doing very simple structures as you should. So, that's why the profit splits go to 80/20. And you would just do that right here in your hurdle three. Or 70/30, right? &gt;&gt; But playing with those ratios and or taking less or whatever can impact their cash on cash return and or &gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. Cuz down here, obviously, this doesn't work for the investors, right? Like they wouldn't invest in this thing. It doesn't work for the property right now. Um So, I'm going to try and see what levers we can pull here to have it improve. Um I mean, part of your the issue is your your revenue side of it. Um You don't have any I mean, it's it's hard cuz you Like they're not calculating any vacancy or credit loss, right? But you're going to have at least 8%. Um You can add that stuff back in there, that's fine. &gt;&gt; Were you going to try it with 30% down at a 6% interest rate? &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, and that didn't do too too much. Um I mean, it helps a little bit. Um So, that's okay. Um &gt;&gt; Thanks, Julian. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so get your NOI numbers here. You just keep it straight across. Um that's all fine. Yeah, it's just getting a hard to make this thing pencil. Um &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is like similar to every deal I run into in Idaho, like where &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, cuz people are buying not on fundamentals there right now. They're they're buying based on cash preservation, right? It's a wealth preservation mode. &gt;&gt; So, I keep playing with the price the price and then like in this case, you know, even at 2,050, it's it's starts to get better, but not close. Like, oh, they've already rejected &gt;&gt; So, I you know, I would ask the broker. I'd say, you know, hey, you know, are people buying here right now based on just parking money to avoid taxes? Or they on fundamentals? Right? I mean, I'd have a honest conversation with the broker because the fundamentals don't work, right? So, like and I'd want to double check some of the expenses and stuff. Um cuz you're not really asking for much. Everything else is in here pretty good. Um and your numbers here are fine. Um no rent bumps here. This is all fine. Normal rents you're jumping up, taking out your operating economic loss, operating expenses, getting your NOI. What's uh Does he have an OM? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; What does he say the net operating income is at the the either the future or the the um after year one or anything like that? Does he have that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, let me potential annual &gt;&gt; So you have gross potential I want to know net operating income. &gt;&gt; Uh um pro forma NOI 150. &gt;&gt; Okay. And um how are they getting there? I mean, on terms of their expenses and stuff? &gt;&gt; They're at 61,000. &gt;&gt; Got it. So that's that's why. Um yes, you have a it's pretty typical you the discrepancy is in the expense number. So I would really want to just dig into those. Um because that's that's part of the issue we're having here is you're underwriting it the correct way. And I'd like to know have him show you otherwise. I mean, how in the world are &gt;&gt; One of the biggest differentials is their management fees. They keep contending that there's companies that do it for 5%. &gt;&gt; Right, but with the with the brokers not There is. You will get it for 5%. You'll get it 5 to 6%. That's correct. What he's not accounting for is lease up, commissions, all the other costs that go into management. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; That's what he's not accounting for. And that which tells me the broker doesn't know what the F they're doing. Right? It means they're they're they're underwriting it. I'd ask the broker how many apartments they own. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I'd ask them, "How many apartments do you own? How many apartments do you manage?" So, talk to me. Show me the real numbers on your management. You can give me a management fee of 5 to 6%. That's accurate. But, let's talk about some commissions. What are you paying to lease up a unit when when you have to turn it over and lease it up? And you add all that up, your your net effective will be 8% guaranteed. Guaranteed. &gt;&gt; And then their maintenance they run at 6,000 where they have it there for the actual &gt;&gt; Right. So, yeah, I'd want to see historicals on I mean, once again, just comes back to verifying the data. Um when you're talking about your your R&amp;M numbers, uh I mean, 1980 building, uh definitely should be higher than 400 bucks, 430 bucks a unit. It may not be as high as 700, um but you know, you may be in the 600s for sure. But, yeah, I'd want to verify that and then I'd ask them uh what kind of non-operational CapEx has been spent on the building? How many How many years have they owned it? &gt;&gt; Uh this owner is like 12. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, then my other question's going to be what what amount of expenses are they sticking below the NOI line? This is when the broker will smirk at you cuz he's going to know. "Oh, shit." is what he's going to do in his head. He's not going to tell you that, but he's going to go, "Oh, shit." Cuz what he's going to say, he's going to know is, "Oh, gosh, they know that we probably stick a bunch of expenses as non-operational expenses." Right? It's a line under the NOI line. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; They stick it down there. So, that way and legally they can do that. I know cuz we do it. And most operators do. So, then my next question to the broker would be, "Great. Let me see your non-operational expense line, the ones under the NOI. Like on your P&amp;L statement, cuz they got to put it somewhere. Let me see that line item for the non-operational expense line item that's below the net operating income line that they don't show you, by the way. I guarantee it's not on their P&amp;L. &gt;&gt; It's not typically on the NOI, I mean the OM, correct? &gt;&gt; Correct. Because the the it's it's it's the red flags are going off, basically, is what I'm thinking. Because they're sticking money down there. They're hiding expenses by putting it into that line item. And the broker knows it. Right? How long has this been thing been on market? &gt;&gt; Uh not on market. It's off market, and brokers are just pitching it. And then he contends, you know, I told him, "Okay, I'm going to be close to like 2 million." And they're like, "Oh, they've already rejected two offers at 2.5, so we won't waste our time." &gt;&gt; Well, yeah, and that's why I want to ask I want to understand from the broker, like, are people even buying properties on fundamentals? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I mean, cuz if even if we want to Let's just for for shits and giggles, let's go to 2.6. Let's say we buy it at 2.6. We just do a normal We don't need to do a bunch of renovation. We just 50 grand. Um we take on their seller financing. Uh he'll only give a million-dollar loan, is that what he said? &gt;&gt; Yeah, he'll do 50% financing with 50% down. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, 50% down, so that would be a million three financing at 5.5%. And all other things being equal, and I'd really love to dig into their expenses to understand where they're getting their NOI number at 1 50 or whatever that is. Because yeah, I mean, dude, I mean, &gt;&gt; [laughter] [clears throat] &gt;&gt; um Got it. Yeah, and that and that's why you're able to make with the seller financing, make the loan and your DCR work, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um so, that's why that number is working pretty good there. But, they're saying the NOI is like 151. &gt;&gt; Uh 150 and change, yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, cuz they're saying that their expenses Um so, they're using 5% there and they're they're How many What's their expenses? 67, you said? &gt;&gt; 60 61 and change, call it 61.5. &gt;&gt; Okay, so 61 there and then what do they have it after year one or two, like down the road where are the expenses? &gt;&gt; They don't have it extrapolated out. They just have a broker pro forma, which I assume is, you know, after uh remodeling stabilization of that. &gt;&gt; What do they show the expenses at? &gt;&gt; Uh total expenses 61 five. &gt;&gt; Even for the future? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, it's only a like a one It doesn't even say how many years out. It just says broker &gt;&gt; So, I'm going to do I'm going to keep current future the same, right? We're going to put &gt;&gt; total income at 218. &gt;&gt; Right, over here for the pro forma. &gt;&gt; Okay, yeah. That's that's correct. &gt;&gt; So, and they don't they don't have any They don't have anything in there for vacancy or economic loss. Is that what I'm guessing? &gt;&gt; Um initially no. I'm trying to see if they did it in the pro No. Oh, wait. No, I'm sorry. They do have 5% and they have a 5% vacancy on the pro forma and then a 3% what they call lost to lease. &gt;&gt; So, they have a uh total of 8%? &gt;&gt; I guess so, yeah. &gt;&gt; And is that on current and future? &gt;&gt; Uh no, that's on the pro forma future. &gt;&gt; So, that's how they're getting to the NOI of 151. Is that correct? &gt;&gt; Uh, 150, yeah. The current and trailing, they both have zero for the vacancy. &gt;&gt; Got it. But, but future NOI, they have it at 151. Is that correct? &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, we're going to match that. See that 151 right there? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Or 150, but yeah, whatever. &gt;&gt; Okay, 150. We'll give them the benefit of the doubt. And then we're taking out the loan of 96,000, right? So, that's based on their loan and so forth. Um, &gt;&gt; And is it structured? Do we have it in there as IO? &gt;&gt; Is it interest only? &gt;&gt; I believe yes, they mentioned that. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, then, um, we would want to do this. Is it How How many years? &gt;&gt; That I think it's I think Let me go back in the email. &gt;&gt; Probably full term, five five year. &gt;&gt; Let's see. &gt;&gt; Let's just give us five years. We'll presume the full amount. Okay. So, that helps us, right, quite a bit. Right? So, it's going to help your cash on cash. Obviously, your IRR is not great. Um, but that's how they're starting to get this thing to pencil. Um, &gt;&gt; Oh, 10 years? He's willing to do 10 years? &gt;&gt; All right. I mean, either way, but we're going to we'll run this thing out. Um, &gt;&gt; Gas and electric &gt;&gt; We'll give them the We'll give them the full six years here. IO. So, we'll run it on pro forma. So, you see what's happening here, right? We have NOI, right? So, we got their NOI numbers. Um, and then, we take out the loan. Get to the free cash flow. Right? Cash on cash returns. And you have a cap rate. What kind of cap rate are they using? Are they &gt;&gt; On the purchase? &gt;&gt; Yeah, or even on the sale. Like I mean, I don't even know if they're doing that, but we'll use 6%. I think that's &gt;&gt; They're calling this a 5.67 cap rate. Pro forma. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. So, I mean, you're buying it at 5.4. You know, so you can kind of see it's just not on fundamentals, right? Um and they're doing that because they're giving you 5 and 1/2% interest rate. So, they're saying, "Oh, well, now you can pay 5.4 cap because you're have interest rates at 5.5." Right? So, what this is telling me is, yeah, people are are parking money. Right? Cuz it doesn't make fundamental sense. Right? We're we're parking money, avoiding taxes. This is a 1031 exchange buyer that's going to buy this property. That's who the broker's looking for. &gt;&gt; It's yeah, I as I got into more and more off markets and what they deem to be good deals, I saw that it was the same as as before. The last question I had for you before I pull out of this market is a lot of the properties here in Idaho are like you know, there's 14 units, but they're all duplexes. So, there's like seven duplexes. Does that add to the expenses or cap expenses cuz you're doing like &gt;&gt; It does. It does cuz now you have you have you have multiple roofs. Um you have to look at how everything's kind of set up, but yeah, you're going to have multiple systems, right? In each building. So, versus one building with one system type thing. So, yes, you will have a bit more expenses and stuff like that. But yeah, you're seeing that a lot in the Idaho market is the parking of money. Um cuz it is a safe market, right? It's it's it's kind of like a SoCal in a way. Um but I mean, but I want you to think about this for a minute. Why would you go into Idaho and get a five and a half cap rate when I can be in San Diego and have a five, five and a half cap rate in a market that is tighter and more constrained and has better rent growth historically and has better appreciation natural bump versus a hope and pray in you know, a market in the wilderness. So, um &gt;&gt; I guess my response to you or one of the pros would be more units &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; in in Idaho versus what you can get like at this price in San Diego which would might be four units or three. &gt;&gt; Correct, and that is true. So, you're getting economies of scale and that is true. And so, that's why that's one reason people we went out, right? Is we get our dollar goes farther. But, we also want to like in this case too, you're seeing just a super tight market and it's like once again, it's a good market but because it's so tight people are buying there not based on fundamentals, they're buying there based on parking money avoiding taxes, which is why I'm I'm willing to bet you a good chunk of their sales are 1031. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah, and all from California and Washington State. &gt;&gt; Cuz they're avoiding taxes, parking money and just letting time do its job and using it as a write-off tool uh tax avoidance tool. They're cash flowing a little bit. You can see, hey, I can cash flow this thing cuz I'm getting seller financing interest only years, sweet. I'll park my cash here. I don't need a huge appreciation gain here or anything like that. If I can pump out a five, six percent cash on cash return on my money and avoid income taxes sign me up. And that's why people are doing it. Right? So, it's just different uh fundamentals. That's all. That's all. But, yeah, cuz it's tough cuz it's a good market, right? And you You to do it there. It's just um it's not a it's not a market where people currently, right? Cuz it's gotten over uh or or or doing it on fundamentals. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think I'm frustrated with this market and want to check out a new one where [laughter] it's a little bit more like you know, I see these other people in the class and they're like, you know, coming in and and making all the numbers work and I'm like, "God, I am once even close here." &gt;&gt; Yeah, where where where we're seeing most of the numbers work a lot right now is Upper Midwest is doing quite well. Um Texas is starting to come back in play. Uh you know, the Arkansas's the the Tennessee's are starting to come back in play. Um the Southeast, not Florida as much because the insurance game is still tougher down there, but it's I'd say upper part of Florida, the panhandle and Jacksonville and the upper part of Florida seems to be making some sense. The Southeast, depending on where you're at, if you're out of like the super tight um over saturated markets, then you're doing pretty well. Um But yeah, anywhere in that middle part of the country is doing doing doing well. Uh numbers are penciling. Um and the upper upper Midwest is doing quite well, too. So, anywhere in that pocket and then the Southeast and the and the and the Sunbelt. Uh cuz Texas is is coming back. I mean, we're we're seeing a lot of movement. Um it's gone through a hell hole the last 3 years. Um it's it's been a dog fight, but there's opportunities there because people are losing deals or selling them at, you know, price points well below where they bought them and walking away from equity. &gt;&gt; What was hurting Texas? Was it the rents dropping? Was it the uh &gt;&gt; The combinations. You you you've gotten hit in all four ways on the econo- if you talk the economic loss, right? That that what makes up our economic loss number. So, that this number right here on the pro forma that's our economic loss number, that line item right there, right? That sits over here, too, that you put in here. Right here, sorry. That economic loss number is made up of four things, as you all know. It's the physical vacancy of the property. The bad debt, people not paying rent. The loss to lease, meaning, "Hey, market rents are really here, but right now we're getting X minus cuz of the market." That's loss to lease. And then concessions, do you have to give a month, 2 months free rent to get people in there, to entice them to move in? So, that makes up your economic loss number. So, it's not just the physical vacancy. So, right now, Texas, you're at 15%. &gt;&gt; Oh, boy. &gt;&gt; Right? In in some cases, 30. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Very, very challenging. Because you're getting You're you're you're getting a you're getting hit on a physical vacancy at 15%, plus you have people not paying rent, so that's bad debt, you got to kick them out, and evictions and all that, plus you got to give 1 month's free rent to keep people in there. And then the loss to lease numbers are having to adjust because market rents are adjusting 15, 20%. So, you're literally getting smacked in the face four different ways. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And it's it's it's it's getting better, it's starting to squeeze. And the reason that happened in Texas is because of the over supply of new inventory into it. So, to kind of run the the timetable, you know, 2020, COVID great, things ramp up, kick ass, take names, 2021 markets boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, then the interest rates hit in 2022, March. Interest rates across the country, as we all know, went up 11 times in 9 months. Never been seen at that rate and velocity before, and it did one hell of a game on everybody. And so, we were fortunate on one of our deals to get into fixed-rate debt and out of any kind of variable-rate bad financing. A lot of people were not, so they're stuck in these crazy loans getting hammered. Um so, that was kind of phase one. Then the market shifted in 20 end of 2024. I'm sorry, end of 2023. Beginning of 2024, all of the new construction that had been kind of pent up because of COVID was getting through the permitting and being built, and was being delivered. So, it was built 2021, 2022, 2023, but a whole host of it was delivered in 2024 and 2025. So, you had 2/3 of all the new apartments built in the United States of America, 2/3, 67% of all the apartments built in the United States of America were built in two states and delivered in two states in 2024 and 2025. Do you know what states those were? &gt;&gt; Texas and California? &gt;&gt; Texas and Florida. &gt;&gt; Florida. &gt;&gt; So, now, you don't have a growth problem in Texas. Like, there's a lot of people moving there. I mean, it is exploding with growth. But, you have a short-term supply problem that just came in and hammered the market. It's like taking a monsoon and just dumping it, right? All at one time. So, you had rents drop 15-20%, vacancies went up to, you know, 15-20% vacancy, rents dropped 15 to 20 So, you're Think about it, revenue drops, vacancy goes up, concessions to keep people there go up, bad debt cuz now the you people can't pay rent, they're having all kinds of problems, right? So, you're just getting hit 14 ways to the moon and trying to struggle to keep properties afloat. And that's what's happened there in the short term. Now, it's starting to improve. Because all that inventory that came is now getting absorbed. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, now it's tightening up. Rents are starting to balance. Concessions are starting to go away. Right? &gt;&gt; What does the horizon look like for building permits on more more units? &gt;&gt; Uh good, because yeah yeah. So, they're not going to be able to catch up to it. It's cuz everybody has stopped construction. So, all the new construction, a lot of that has stopped in Dallas, Fort Worth. Uh anything that's built and being That's it, right? Cuz you you're way behind. So, you're going to have a housing crisis there in Texas in next year. Thank you. &gt;&gt; So, if you can get in now and early, then you can uh reap the rewards of that. &gt;&gt; Correct. That's right. Cuz it's going to turn the corner. It's coming. Cuz growth is great in Texas. You don't have a growth problem. You have a supply problem, temporary supply problem. &gt;&gt; I'll ask I'll ask AI as well, but if I'm going to start looking at Texas, do you have any one or two recommendations? &gt;&gt; Uh the whole state's awesome. I would me personally, because I don't live in Houston, you got to really know what you're doing in Houston. Because you're along the coast, you get weather. I don't want a 2:00 a.m. phone call as Hurricane George comes in there and wants to sit over the coast. I don't want to deal with it. Uh and in and the difference between say Florida and Houston, right, is is the soil. Right? In Texas, you have a clay-based soil. And in Houston in particular, it's like a slab of clay. So, if you get a lot of water that hits there, which has happened, we've watched it happen, the whole damn place will flood. And I understand people say, "Well, yeah, but you have insurance." Have you tried to collect on insurance when you [laughter] have a crisis? I mean, we've watched that game happen. What happens? Insurance companies start going all over the place. Oh, well, we'll get to to you in 6 months from now. Right? You'll get your claims in a year from now. Meanwhile, you have to move all of your tenants out. You're going to pay a gob of money to do that one. You have to carry the property cuz if you don't, the bank's going to foreclose on you. Right? So, you're going to be out millions of dollars before you ever get any money from your insurance company. And that's presuming they even want to insure you and they don't try and pull some So, personally, you need to live in Houston to do Houston. &gt;&gt; How about San Antonio? &gt;&gt; Yep, all great markets. Austin's coming back full throttle. It's been hit hard. San Antonio's been hit hard. Dallas, Fort Worth been hit hard, but those are coming back. Dallas, Fort Dallas and Fort Worth is going to be the banking financial capital of the United States. A lot of people are leaving New York and they're taking all the money into Dallas. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; A lot of banks. I'm not even talking about the big banks, right? The the Blackstones, Blackrocks, all the big institutional investment banks. They're building secondary headquarters in Dallas and they're moving people out there. They're not completely, you know, saying bye to New York, but they're moving all the infrastructure into Dallas and Fort Worth and all that stuff. So, you're seeing massive banking and financial moving into the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex. So, &gt;&gt; have someone in this in this group that just acquired a property in Texas? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, we have several. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, people are doing they're looking for deals, doing deals, writing offers. I mean, Texas is a good market, but you got to get in there like anywhere and you you got to get your hands dirty and meet people. It's the same process. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. &gt;&gt; You got to get in there. Um and then, you know, there's there's enough deal flow in Texas and Oklahoma um to make money, right? To make money. Um but yeah, that's a good market. Arkansas is a good market if you're in certain You got to be in the the the pockets where you have growth. But it's the same thing. You you you can go into chat GPT or our mentor AI, you can ask it to list the top 100 MSAs in the United States of America. And then you can kind of see where those are at and what you like and don't like based on those locations and then start honing it down um based on job growth, um median household income, and um uh population growth. &gt;&gt; Side note in regards to some AI stuff I've been diving into building AI agents for my residential real estate thing. Have you gotten to the point of like creating automations where the agent or well like it'll underwrite a property like it comes on Crexi that day and it automatically underwrites it for you within your parameters and then alerts you if per se it meets certain parameters to have your guys take a look at it. Have you gone down that path at all? &gt;&gt; We have not yet. Uh there are companies and softwares out there at the bigger level, meaning 100 plus unit deals, the institutional guys that are absolutely 100% doing that um because they need speed to lead. And they need to you know they need to look at a lot of deals fast. So to answer your question, yes. Um uh it is out there and you can do it. Um what we've done is um even with Claude code cuz that's probably the best one for &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I'm working on building right now. &gt;&gt; for the data side, right? Chat GPT and our mentor AI is beautiful for research, Q&amp;A. It'll even do some analyzation for you and all that stuff. But the Claude and the Claude code is really designed for data and analytics. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh Brian Norton in our community here, he's actually a big data and guy and all that and we were just chatting yesterday on that. He's building out some pretty cool things from the AI agents and automation through Claude. So we may have some things for that to where um like even in in your Excel, right? I mean well have it set up right now. Let me see if I go back into that cuz I just opened yours up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I have Claude in my Excel now to to learn these and get it. &gt;&gt; Cuz it has it has an add-on. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Claude does. You can add it to your to your Excel. So when you open up your Excel files, you can click a button and it'll help you analyze everything. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Uh you can also obviously upload it. So we can build out, right, this AI agent inside of Claude like you're talking about for two purposes. One um you can just throw in the broker's OM. It'll have this analyzer template in there. So that way you could go ahead and drop it in there with the OM. It'll go ahead and analyze it for you just like our chat does, but it's going to be better because it's data analytics. It's a little bit better for the data, right, and formulas and Excel and stuff like that. Claude's really good. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; to write it out where it pulls the OM for me if it's like on Crexi or something like that. And then automatically send an email to the broker with like just, you know, a handful of questions. Like, "Hey, I'm interested." So I'm trying to write that all out. &gt;&gt; mean that's a that's a hell of an automation to have the agents do and it's it's very possible. Um but yeah, I I think if you're I don't know how much it can do to pull down the OM cuz a lot of times they have you sign a confidentiality agreement. &gt;&gt; Yeah, some of them I saw some of them that &gt;&gt; it, then you have to download it. So there's still some manual work in there, but I would agree that once you have the OM you could take that offering memo, you could probably throw it into the Claude and say, "Hey, analyze this deal for me." It'll pull the numbers from it, put it into the analyzer that we were just looking at. It'll put it in it cuz you can set it up to do that. And because Claude, it'll know it. It'll pump all the numbers in there. It'll populate the analyzer for you to review cuz you still need the manual eyes on it to make sure it's putting it in the right spot, right? And then give you its assessment on it. Hey, based on this, this is what we're seeing. But you're still going to have to have the human eye on it at this point. It's it's it's not quite good enough. Um maybe &gt;&gt; I'm trying to write it so that it does a lot of that. Does the analyze if it meets certain parameters, then it alerts me for me to look at it. &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah, so you can do the high-level stuff, but you're definitely going to need it um to double-check if it's putting in the numbers correctly. Right? Cuz it's um it's it it still is screwing up. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's getting better, right? It's going to be there. I don't doubt for a second it's not going to get there. Um and the big boys are using it cuz the big boys they they've already built out whole platforms. But that's cuz they're they have they the there's there's money in those big big big big deals to do that. And they can just literally put in an address. And the reason why it's also easier on the big big big deals is because those deals require that the financials be pretty damn good. And that the systems and the operations that the operators are using are good. Right? We're still operating here 10 to 30 units under 50. Still more mom-and-pop where some some owners have good financials. Some owners have crappy, right? We we all see it, right? Some you can't even find them, right? They're writing on the back of a napkin. So you're still in that mom-and-pop space a bit to where it's not going to be so cookie-cutter to make it easily you know, run through AI as much. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we're we're not quite there yet, but it can still be done. You can automate a lot of things. So the way we use it is we can pump in the OM. We can have it extrapolate the data from the OM and put it into the analyzer, and then we'll just double-check that the analyzer numbers are good. And then once you see that consistently enough, then you'll build the trust that the AI knows what it's doing, and then you can just pump it a little faster. &gt;&gt; So. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right, man. Well, thank you for this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you bet. So, yeah, unfortunately, that deal doesn't work unless you buy it for a dollar. Just kidding. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Uh any other questions before we finish up today? CJ, I see everybody in here. Any other kind of Did Did this help a little bit? Christine, I see you in here. Great to see you. Uh some updates a little bit. Uh we will be sending you guys out We have our San Diego small event. Uh that's the 7th and 8th. It's here in town in San Diego. Uh but then uh end of July, I think it's the last Sunday, Monday, Tuesday of July, we have our Dallas event. We'll send that out to you. We're setting up a whole events website. You'll be able to just be able to click on it and fill out a form and register there for it. So, that way you can come into that one, and that'll be in Dallas, Texas, last um Sunday, Monday, Tuesday of July. We'll We'll keep you guys posted. It's coming out here pretty soon. Okay? Um we'll get that all set up. So. Rock and roll. All right, man. Cool. Thanks, everybody.