Hello. Hello. All right. Get everybody coming on in here. Rose, good to see you. Don, Joshua. Great to see you all coming in. Put in the chat real quick. Hello. Hello. Happy Thursday. Happy Thursday. See uh Adrian coming in. Beautiful. So, what I'm going to be going over today, you know, in terms of the different structures, uh in I call, you know, our five pillars that we've always gone over on the multifamily side. Let me pull this up real quick. Um, but getting into the next stage of the deals, okay? And depending on where you're at and what you're trying to accomplish, right? We always until you're getting your first deal, we're always in that section of finding, analyzing, finding, analyzing, writing offers, finding, analyzing, writing offers. And that's hands down the most important part until you get a deal. And then it goes into stages 3, four, five. three, four, five. But what I wanted to go ahead and do today as you're all in here, uh, I got Gonzalez in here. Sean, good to see you in here. Awesome. Um, is we're going to talk kind of around stages four, around stage four. Uh, but chime in in the chat. How's everybody doing first and foremost? And then we'll kind of get going here just a second as everybody's kind of coming in. Good to see you, Michael, and few others coming in here. So, uh I think the team sent out a text to all of you regarding uh my 3-day workshop that we're having uh in early August on the 7th through the 9th. It's a Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. And uh you all get complimentary tickets to it, you know, being part of the the mentee and mentorship. Um so would love to have you there. Um, David, good to see you in here. Angelica, good to see you. Uh, yes, you got it registered 9:00 a.m. How many hours? Uh, there it depends. So, it typically it's 9:00 a.m. Pacific, so depending on where you're at. So, that would be 12 East Coast time and it'll run for about four to five hours, but there's there's a couple breaks in there. There's a lunch in there, etc. Um, but yeah, we're going to dive into detail and I'm going to be bringing on real estate brokers, uh, property managers, lenders, um, even other folks that are even part of, you know, our community here to to chat a little bit. So, um, we'll be chatting on that and walking through the different areas, but you know, commercial brokers, uh, even my mentor is going to come on, Rudy Medina, talking about the capital and financing side of it, but we're going to be really going through a toz in detail in detail on the multif family. So, be a great little 3-day workshop. We're going to have some workbooks and stuff that'll go out to you, but you're all complimentary as part of that. Uh, it's normally 97. It's going to go up to 149 here pretty quick, but you guys aren't paying anything. So, come on in if you're around for that. Would love it. Um, any questions before I get started. But today, we're going to talk about really stage four of buying an apartment complex. Stage one and two a lot of you are in right now. Some of you have actually gone through and gone through all five, right? A decent amount of you. But if you're in the beginning stages and you don't have a deal yet, right, you're still in stage one, which is finding a deal, analyzing it, writing offers, finding a deal, analyzing it, writing offers, and you're in that cycle until one locks up. And then you move into stages 3, four, five. Three, four, five. But where I want to focus today is in stage four, which is really the closing process and what that looks like. So that way you can understand a little bit of timelines for it. uh you know we have stuff in the back end of your system for a due diligence checklist and timelines and teams and all that but I do want to walk through that here today to kind of go over some of that and then in your in your course videos I have a whole section on closing and the process for that as well. Uh it's a virtual meeting it's a virtual workshop virtual workshop Sean so you can stay in your pajamas and chime in anywhere in the world anywhere in the world. Um yeah, we have it all hosted up. We use a system called uh Ovi or OI OI. So, um my events planner person, uh Kristen, she has it all set up. Um this girl Kristen's really good. She actually works with um Dean Graciato and Tony Robbins. So, they she used to handle a lot of their virtual events that they do, which end up having like 200,000 people on them. It's crazy. Um, but it uh it's a great way for people to learn in a condensed time frame in a workshop environment. So, but you're all included in it. I mean, you guys are part of the um part of the mentorship. So, um, also, and I put this out, and I guess I could send it out to everybody, um, and I don't know how the best way to do this, um, but I have two tickets that I'm giving out. Um, hold on one second. And I don't know if any of you are available for this, but this is coming up and it's in Florida, so it may be better positioned for you Florida folks or Southeast. Um, but I have two tickets so I I can give give you or give one out to each of you. Uh, but I have two tickets, only two tickets, unfortunately. So, this is the vault conference coming up here in Orlando this year. It's nor typically it's in um Palm Beach, West Palm Beach. Uh but this year it's Patrick Bet David obviously hosts it, but he's has Martha Stewart, Tony Robbins, and then this is this guy is amazing. So, this is the um the agent. I think it's the agent, Michael Jordan's agent, and he's the one that negotiated, you remember that movie Air, right? They negotiated the Nike deal and all that stuff and all the ins and outs of that, but he negotiated the whole thing. So, he was right in the heart of it. He's going to be coming on talking about that. Um, so in any event, um, if any of you would like to go, it is September 8th through the 11th. 8th through the 11th. Uh, hands down one of the best, uh, business conferences you'll ever go to. Uh the level of high value networking is off the chart, which is why I always go to this conference. I go to four a year, but this is one of them. And I always get the CEO ticket, which is the best ticket there. Um because the rooms you get to get in are stupid. Um and the people I mean I'm hanging out with are way above my pay grade, but that's okay. That's what you want. Um, but if any of you would like to go, I have two complimentary tickets. You can you can have them. So, uh, either messaging here, see Adrian. Okay. Yeah, Adrian, you're you're the first person. I mean, this is I once again, I have two of them, so it's kind of first come, first serve. I thought it'd be a great way to lob them out to the community if you guys would like to go. So, um, yeah, if you're available for that time frame, just let me know. Uh oh, now we got everybody coming. I may have to do a raffle. Uh, but I see Angelica. So, I'm going to write some names down real quick. Maybe we can draw a hat. Maybe that's the fair way to do it. Um, hold on one second here. So, we got Adrian, we got Claudia, Angelica. Anybody else want to be put in the hat? Brian, I don't know if you're in the area. Uh Rex, I see you in here putting it in there. Okay. And then Michael. Okay. Yeah, it's an incredible conference. I mean, I've been going three years in a row now. Uh the first one I went to was back in 2022, 2023, and he had Tom Brady, uh Mike Tyson. I mean, talk about speakers. They weren't even speakers. They were interviews. Um that interview with Mike Tyson was off the chart. And Tom Brady. I'm a huge Patriots guy, so it was kind of and I took my son to that uh so he could kind of experience uh getting in the rooms with these people. And then I'm not going to lie, I did leverage my son to go meet people um cuz I didn't have the CEO ticket at that time, which is kind of like the front row. You're you're hanging out with billionaires. I'm not kidding you. It's like no joke. Um but I used my son to get through the ropes to go meet the people as I leverage the kid. I'm like, "Hey, my son would love to meet you." Right? So, we're meeting all these famous people up there at the front. Uh, and I just leverage leverage my son to get there. Um, so, uh, see, I'll put in Brian in there. Okay. Awesome. Yeah. So, anyhow, you get to learn so much and meet so many people. Um, and like I said, I only go to four conferences a year. So, I used to go to conferences and just pay for the general admission ticket. So, these tickets are general admission, by the way. So, you're you're not getting the CEO ticket. That's yeah, that's that's definitely a little on the pricey side. Um, but it doesn't matter like it's incredible uh conference and uh but I go to four year and I used to just do general admission uh and I'm bringing a couple of my team members and stuff down there as well. But I learned very quickly on when I spoke to you know high level business person he says first of all stop going to like every conference to the moon pick four one a quarter and be strategic meaning having two of them be industry based like in your industry multif family and then two of them non-industry maybe just business conferences or whatever else right even a raw conference and so I said okay and he says you need to get the best tickets best tickets I don't care what they cost doesn't matter because you're not going there for the information coming off the stage, right? I mean, there's plenty of that. You're going there to get into the rooms to shake the hands. You're paying to shake hands and build a few relationships. Even if it's one relationship with one highle person at one of these conferences that then you take away from that and something happens down the road with them that'll pay you 50 times over. And so I started doing that and hands down, I'm not kidding you, it works and it works beautifully. So it is worth its weight and gold and it's an investment into shaking hands. Think about it like that. You're literally going there to shake hands and make connections and then you even if you take one authentic connection away like I met this guy that I mean two three people down there now. I don't know if any of you know who Andy Elliott is. Andy Elliott. Any of you know who Andy Elliott is? If you do, if you don't, just Google or YouTube the guy. You'll you'll know who he is real quick. Um, but uh, you know, hanging out, you know, with him personally now. You Jacqueline Elliott, his wife, and kids and everybody. So, pretty deep into his organization a little bit, learning about them. Uh, this guy to Todd Toddler Toddler. Um, he's a Polish guy and I met him and his son down there because I had my son and which was which was great. immediate connection. I didn't even know who this guy was, by the way. I had no clue. And about 15 minutes into the conversation, like my son jokes around. He says, "Oh, it'd be amazing if Patrick Bed David would get um Messi, you know, the soccer player to like come and speak at the event and interview." And this guy, Toddler, kind of joked and laughed a little bit and he's like, "Oh, I think we can get him." And I'm like, "Okay, whatever." And then I come to find out he lives next door to Messi and he actually sold Messi his house, like his personal house to Messi next door. And I'm like, well, who are you, dude? He's a big big big real estate guy, right? I don't know if he's a billionaire or just a hundred millionaire. It doesn't really matter. He may be on the billionaire status. It's possible. Either way, he lives in the same neighborhood as Patrick, like four doors down in 2530 million homes. And this guy's a big big big real estate guy. So connected with him personally, been on his podcast. He's been on mine. Really cool dude. And so connections happen and opportunities grow from that, right? And literally that's that paid for its ticket tenfold over. Uh I mean I can't I can just keep going. I mean just keep going. Uh I mean the list goes on from the people you get to meet. So you're paying to play to get in the rooms. And I would recommend doing that for all of you if you have the opportunity to pick out four conferences a year. Two industry based being in multif family. I'll keep you guys a breast of this by the way too cuz I'll go I'll let you guys know which conferences I'm going to on the multifamily space and or other ones and you guys come along. It' be great. And so that'll be in addition to our little popups and stuff that we're doing. So but that is a piece of advice. You'd be amazed how fast you can grow the trajectory. Um and it's not about the information or the rah raw coming off the stage. I mean that's all great. Um, but that's not going to get you anywhere cuz what happens with most conferences honestly. You go there, you get pieces of information. If you do not immediately put at least one or two pieces into action like almost at the conference into your what you're doing in your life, then you go home and what happens? You fall back into comfortable. You fall back into procrastination. You don't execute squat. And it happens to 99.9999% of people. And it's a natural human thing. So every time I go, I take one or two pieces of great information. I implement it literally before the end of the conference because I know that once I go home, it may or may not happen, right? So I implement it right then and there. And then I'm making sure I'm just shaking hands, shaking hands, shaking hands, shaking hands, making connections because that's where the money's made. The more hands you shake, the more money you make. It is that simple. So it is all about people and connections. So, anyhow, I will I have one, two, three, four, five. I have six people's names here. I'll drop into a hat. Uh, and then we can do a little drawing. I'll even film it so that way you guys know it's legit. Um, and then I have two tickets. So, two of the six of you um will get a ticket. Come on down. It'll be a lot of fun. Okay, let's go ahead and get started. Let me jump into this real quick so I can kind of show you um what we're trying to accomplish on the uh the closing side. And so in terms of the structure of deals, right, when you're looking at the structure of deals and closing and the legal, I call it the legal and the financial side of closing a deal. The legal and the financial side of closing a deal. Uh, I want to open up to a few questions. Um, because maybe a good amount of you haven't been there yet or not there yet. Um, and some of you have. So, I'm curious. What are some of your reservations or holdbacks or fears or questions about the closing process? Um, so let's presume right now for a minute you the broker's called you. They say, "Hey, you have the deal." And then you're like, "Oh shit." Like, because that's what's going to happen if I mean, if you've been through this, you already know. You're you're going to kind of hyperventilate for a second because you're going to realize, "Oh, this is this is real now." Like, it's we're talking we're not playing with Monopoly anymore. So, that's it's fun though. Like, it's it gets you you're like living. So, talk to me about your questions that you would have and I'll walk you through each step of the timeline so you'll know um what to expect as you go through the process of closing. And I can walk you through that timeline as well, but I just I'm going to focus on this section four is pillar four of closing a deal. So, you found it, you analyzed it, great deal, you made an offer, negotiated back and forth. Now, they're like, "Hey, you got the deal. So now you're going to be going into contract and so you're going to kind of it's going to really light up sections three and four as a part of your process. So normally you'd have 30 days DD so would be getting that lined up. Correct? So yeah, let me walk through some timelines so you'll understand. I'm going to put up a whiteboard here and I'll walk through this. Okay, that. Okay, put this up. I'm going to draw a little bit here for you. So, let's uh set for a moment that you uh let's call it day one. The LOI is agreed to. The letter of intent is agreed to. Okay. Make sure I have all this up for everybody. Cool. So, your letter of intent has been agreed to by the brokers, and now you're going to be moving to the actual contract. Now, let's walk through how this contract process works. There's two ways to have it done. If you go into your portal in the back end, and I would recommend this for everybody. I think it's one of the last documents inside your download section of your portal, in your mentorship portal in the in the thumbnail in the download section in there. It's an actual contract, okay? And I believe it's in word format. I believe it's in word format um that you can review and you can actually technically use that contract. You're going to have to update it obviously and yes, an attorney would you'd probably want what's called a transactional attorney involved in that process. We have all of those vendors. So, if you go into that portal under vendors and systems, you're going to open that up. if you haven't downloaded that PDF yet, it's going to have all the attorneys and everybody that we deal with. So that way you're not having to go find new attorneys if you don't want to. But there are transactional attorneys in there. There's securities attorneys in there. There's all the above in there. Okay? And so I want you to kind of utilize those vendors because that's what they're there for. Insurance brokers, lenders, the whole nine yards. But yes, from the contract phase, typically from LOI to contract, it's going to be somewhere between 7 to 14 days. Okay? And your timelines have not started yet. So your timelines do not start until this contract is executed. So from the time of LOI, letter of intent being agreed to and that contract being signed and executed and into escrow where you essentially have escrow opened. I call it escrow. Some people call it closing table, whatever it is you want to call it, but that's going to be about a 7 to 14 day window. So this is kind of like your I call it your free look period. Your free look period. No money's in escrow yet. Typically, you have that 7 to 14 days. If you wanted to, you could fly out to the property right then or go to the property and do a bunch of stuff at the property because inside of your letter of intent, if you notice some of the template language in there allows you what's called a 7-day first kind of first access rights to be able to get some information on the property on as part of your due diligence and be able to go at the property, take a look at it further, okay, before you've even opened up escrow, before there's any money, any earnest money, any deposit deposits anything in escrow. That's your window of time. So, you don't need to hyperventilate, right? Even though you probably will, just understand that you have a little bit of window there. Now, what's going to happen, just so you know, is the brokers are going to try and fasttrack this. They're going to try and push this process. They're going to put pressure on you to sign this fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast, fast. No. Right. You need to get the contract. The contract can be prepared by either the seller or the buyer. seller or the buyer. Um, you could use the contract. So, let me show you what I mean by that. Let me see if I have it in our file here. Hold on one second here. I may have to go into the back end, which I probably do. Oh, sample purchase contract. Here we go. I'm going to pull it up and share it with you. This is the same one that's in the back end of your system. Okay. Um same one that's in the back end of your system. So, in part of the education process is take a little bit of time. It's it's 50 pages. Now, on a small deal, you may not need one this, you know, deep. You know, this this is typically used for a little larger deals, but I want you to understand the gravity of what a contract can be. And this one is drawn by a transactional attorney. Um, but this would be to your benefit and the uh seller's benefit to have a contract like this. Now, you can use the state contract, right? Because I get the question a lot. Can I use the commercial property state contract? So, let's say I'm in Florida or Alabama or Missouri or wherever it is. Yes, you technically can for a smaller deal, meaning in this 10 to 30 unit apartment space, but you are going to want to add in addendum stuff in there so that way it has a little bit better protections. And I would say the things to really protect against, and you'll see that in some of the videos, is what's called representations and warranties. Representations and warranties. Let me see if I can find that on this contract real quick so I can show you what I'm talking about. [Music] pull through this section. Stand by. I'll find it for you. Okay. Section nine. Section nine of the in least of this contract. Section nine. Okay. So, this little area here, representations of warranties. And this is the seller's represent representations and warranties to you as the buyer. And then there's going to be ones that you are making to them. Purchasers representations. You can add or change or adjust these, but these are important because why is this important? in the commercial space, unlike residential. Residential, there's standard state contracts for purchasing a residential property, single family, and there's a lot of consumer protections in there for those contracts. They've already been vetted by attorneys. In the commercial space, it's still good old cowboys and cowg girls club, right? It's buyer beware. And so, you can get screwed. So, this is why there's not as many consumer protections in the commercial space, which is why you want what's called representations and warranties as a part of your contract to protect your ass and make sure the seller is representing to you and warranting to you truth about the property in terms of any mold, any this, any that, right? All that stuff. Hence the reason. Hence the reason why the is so important. This document is so important right here. This is in the back end of your system in the download section. This is your apartment due diligence checklist. This is everything you need to know when you're going into the closing process of what to look for when you tour the property. Inspection due diligence checklist, right? All the stuff, the team and the people that would be included in that. Typically, you know, a roofer and a good inspector, right? Would be included in that. If you have other things that may or may not apply, fine. But the the biggest ones is a property inspector and your roofer and probably a good plumber. Okay? But it's going to walk through all of it, right? The things to do, things not to do, the things to look at physically, things to look at financially at the property. Okay? And then these really important things here, the questions for the seller. There are 25 questions. These questions go over to the seller, to the broker for the seller to answer before you execute the contract. Right? You can send them over upon uh LOI, right? Upon the LOI being executed. Me pull this up so you understand timelines from the point this kind of point right here the 7 to 14 day window in here. Okay, that's kind of when these questions would go over. This is kind of that prephase. You don't have any money. Nothing's at risk here. So, send over the questions and say, "Hey, can you have the seller answer these questions so that you can get those questions back?" And then when you get those questions back, you're going to create an addendum to the contract. So, that way, the answers to these questions from the seller are added to the contract before you sign the contract. And that is a lesson I learned. I didn't there was a deal I didn't do that on and it cost us $110,000. We had the questions answered, but because they were not added as an addendum to the contract, therefore the only recourse we had cuz the seller lied. We caught them is to go sue them. Well, the cost of that lawsuit was going to be every bit of that 110,000. So, it's kind of like you're damned if you do, you're damned if you don't. So, we ended up getting a little bit of a credit from the seller and then we moved forward without suing the out of them, which we could have, totally could have. But just so you understand the importance of having these questions answered because if you look at these questions, just think about the questions for a minute. Age of the roof, when it was replaced, all or in part, any roof leaks within the last 5 years, how many housing assistants meaning section 8, right? Low how incoming uh units, tenants do you have? uh age and replacement of all the hot water heaters, the boilers, furnaces, condensers within the last two years, any major plumbing, sewer repairs within the last five years. Is the electrical to code, breakers, boxes, meters, any city code violations from the city uh or power company? Is the electrical aluminum or copper wiring? That is a big one. Are the electric panels what's called federal Pacific or slab lock? Right? These are important because this is all for insurance purposes and for your lender. Is the plumbing galvanized piping or copper plumbing lines for the um the uh uh pressurized pressurized uh plumbing lines? Is there a fire sprinkler system? When were the fire extinguishers last serviced? Any current past or radon paint or radon issues at the property? Violations, code violations, any known radon paint, lead paint on the property that you're aware of. Okay. Is there a current survey on the property? Environmental and property protections. Drainage or waterproofing issues? Drainage or waterproofing issues? Very important. Any current past drainage, water intrusion issues, foundation issues, retaining wall, subterranean, water uh waterproofing issues last 5 years. Mold, any mold issues known or had mold issues in the last 5 years in any of the units? If so, how was it remediated? Okay, you want to catch that one because however they answer that one and you find out later they're full of you got them by the you know what. Uh age of the pool, if there is a pool, age of any fitness equipment, blah blah blah that if it applies, any known structural or foundational issues with the property, building and units, any known municipal property tax changes, rates changes, anything forthcoming about taxes, property taxes that they may be aware of. Okay. any asbestos, any known asbestos issues, known violations, current past within the last five years. Any you need the insurance loss numbers and stuff. We'll get into this. That's the financial stuff. Uh can you send any aged receivables report for delinquencies? This is another financial thing you'll get. Um month-to-month leases versus long-term leases. um any new leases within the last 90 days or how many people you plan to move in. Cuz what happens sometimes if there's any vacancies in the property, you'll see the owner just jack people into the property to get occupancy up so it looks great on paper knowing full well 90 days from now these people may not be able to pay their rent. So who do you think's going to have to deal with that problem? Once again, these are things you find out. So this is why it's here for you. This is to help you avoid some of these mistakes. Uh flood zones, secure property elevations, blah blah blah blah. So you get it's a very very intensive list and it's there for a reason. It's there to save your butt. Okay? So that's why it's there. You have it and it's very very very important. Okay? But all of those questions get put into the contract and it's there to ensure that uh you're protecting yourself, you're protecting investors, you're protecting your money. Um, any questions on this so far? I know it's a lot. We're kind of just for anybody kind of coming in new, uh, we're walking through the closing process and kind of that checklist process. And so, okay, let's go through timelines here some more. So, 7 to 14 days, then the contract gets executed. So, now escrow is open. And can you all see this on the screen? Okay, little whiteboard. My handwriting is horrible, but just bear with me. Escrow opened. Now, the way based on your letter of intent, you would have your 30 days of what's called DD at this point. So, your earnest money, your EMD earnest money deposit would go into escrow. you. It would be refundable typically for the first 30 days or 28, whatever it is, while you're doing all of this due diligence, financial inspections, physical, everything on that property. Okay? So that way you have a good idea of whether or not this deal makes sense. And that's going to give you 30 days of, you know, time. The only money you may be spending at this point would be some initial, you know, legal fees, okay, to kind of get some of the documents going and then inspections. Okay? Now, the property pays you back for this stuff. It does pay you back for this stuff. It's in your closing cost. Uh but yeah, sometimes you have to have a little bit of upfront as you're going through it. Now, keep in mind that cost right there is kind of all part of your equity into the deal. So, that 10% we always talk about, it's going to include earnest money plus some of this stuff because it's all part of the the cost. So, that's kind of your money into the deal, per se. Okay? And then you do get reimbursed for that. Okay? Reimbured for that once the deal closes. Okay? Once the deal closes. So, now you have the escrow period. You have 30 days for that. And then fast forward now your DD expires, your due diligence expires at day 30. If you need more time, which a lot of times may be needed, you can request that. Um, and we've had a lot of people need that quite honestly. So, they may need another two weeks, another 15 days typically in order. And you have this kind of pre-built, right? If you look into your uh contract, you actually have an option to extend the escrow, but you can also go in there and extend the due diligence period. And it may cost you a little bit of money, right? An additional earnest money deposit to go in, but that would buy you another two weeks to do some more inspections andor raise more money, complete the financial process, etc., okay? Etc. So that would give you maybe another at the end of 30 days maybe you get another 15 days. Okay? And then after that period you would have the closing. But let's say you get to the closing table 60 days later after the opening. Right? So escrow opens 60 days later you have the closing. But in your letter of intent you also have an option to extend that for an additional 30 days. which would give you 90 days total to close that. Okay. So, it's not uncommon that that happens and then you close, you know, between say 75 to 90 days somewhere in there. Um, so just kind of keeping all that in mind. Uh, Claudia saying, "I have not done a contract yet. I'm working on it to have the means to buy the multif family." Beautiful. Yeah, just kind of walking you through a little bit of this timeline stuff so you can kind of understand what to expect when you do get there. Okay. And then of course when this happens too, you know, you're letting us and the team know so that way we can kind of be your liaison and your consultant as you're going through this even more so than in the preface because if we have to maybe take a look at the inspection report, maybe you want us to peek at that for you or you have questions on structuring the financials and stuff, right? because this is kind of the due diligence process and then right along this process right here. So what's going to happen just so you know from the lender standpoint. So let's talk about your loan over here. Okay. So as you know as you're going through writing the offers and you're kind of getting to the to the process where you're going to get the contract, right? You're going to get the contract. That's kind of when you start getting the lender involved to really get, you know, a good quote. And we call that also known as a term sheet. It's called a term sheet from your lender from the lenders. And they could be any of our lenders in the back end of the system that we give to you or a lender that you want to work with locally in that market. But you get a term sheet and this term sheet is basically going to give you, hey, this is your projected interest rate. Here's the terms of the loan. Here's your projected uh proceeds, meaning your loan amount and the terms of that loan. It's going to give you all the detail. When you get that, you can send it to us and the team. We can review that to kind of help answer some questions, especially if it's your first time because you're probably going to look at it like it's some fugazi fugazi like alien that you've never seen before. And that's okay. You're going through this the first time. That's it's supposed to be. I did the same thing. So, I'm just trying to kind of prepare you emotionally and mentally as you go through this, not freak out. That's why we're here. That's why we're here, okay? to help walk you through and guide you. Um, so that loan process and let's say you you agree and you're like, "Okay, check mark. I agree to the terms of this loan. Then they're going to start the process and then the lender is going to get their team involved." Okay? And a couple things will happen. You'll get assigned, you know, the consultant for the lender. So, they're going to start doing all their due diligence on the property. And they're going to have a list of items that they're going to need from you. Okay. Additionally, they're going to order the appraisal on the property, right? So, that's going to get done. And typically, there's a little bit of a a deposit that goes in for the lender, okay? Small deposit that goes in for the lender. Once again, this is all part of your 10%. Right? It's all within there. A small deposit for the lender so they can start their process. And then they're running right in conjunction with all of this, right? So they're running right in line with your physical inspections on the property and everything you're doing along with the loan that's happening. And they're all happening at the same time, right? They're running right parallel with each other. Okay? And then they're they're working all the way through this due diligence period, everything right here to meet these guidelines and then all the way through the DD and then into the closing. same timelines 60 or 90 days later. Okay? So, they're running right alongside you. And then you may be asking yourself, "Okay, Justin, at what point do I form the LLC for the property? At what point do I put the legal documents and form the LLC and do all the legal side for uh me and the investors?" That's going to happen right around Typically, it happens. It kind of happens right I would say right here. Okay. Right in this period between halfway through your due diligence and right after due diligence. This would be the LLC. But you'd also need your legal. Okay? Because the lender is going to need all this stuff, too. Right? The lender is going to need the or your organizational chart, right? And you have that in the back end. So, let me pull up what an organizational chart looks like for you. See if this will pull up here. One second. And we gave this to you guys. You have this in the back end, a template for you as well. You have an org chart in your back end. See if I can zoom up on this thing real quick. [Music] Whoops. Come on. Scroll up. There we go. Okay. So, this will kind of give them an idea from an organizational standpoint what your organization looks like in terms of investors, you, any other companies and people involved. So, this is a very simple look at one. So, this would be the property LLC and this would be in the state in which the property is located, right? 123 East Street LLC. And then you're going to break down the ownership structure like I've shown you on the board before. General partner, which is you, and there may be a couple people involved in that general partnership. Maybe just not you. Maybe there's a a partner and a partner. So, you can list them here. So, that way the ownership of the LLC, your uh general partnership is owned by a couple people. And then over here would be all your investors and they would have a 70%, you may have 30%, or maybe this is 40 and 60. Either way, it's kind of showing you the breakdown of a simple organizational chart. And so the LLC that you need to form is going to be this one right here. This is the property based LLC in the state in which the property is located. And then you would simply when you start it the ownership structure right would be the general partner which would be you guys and then your LP investors. We have these legal documents in the back end of the system as a sample for you. So you can go in there and take a look at them and then your transactional attorney and if you decide to go through and do security stuff and we can talk about that. We can do that maybe even for next week I can break down the securities process for doing SEC stuff for a syndication right syndication but for a simple you know stuff here and the attorneys help you out with all this stuff but for simple stuff here this would be your organizational chart um any kind of questions on the stuff because obviously we're getting into the weeds and the nitty-gritty and if this is the first time you've seen it and you're kind of overwhelmed it's okay it's totally I was totally overwhelmed too so just kind of absorb it in like a sponge and kind of understand the process. But it kind of walking you through, you know, the timelines here for when that would happen. It's going to kind of start to happen right around here about halfway through your due diligence process and your closing. Okay? And this is when you would actually, let's say the properties in Missouri. Well, you would go and go to the Missouri Secretary of State, open up the LLC. We always name it by the property address. So 123 East Street LLC. And now you have your LLC form. You're going to attach same way you did with your holding company and agent of service in the state. And you'd have all your documents and your formations, your articles of organization and all that stuff. You get your EIN number formed at that point as well. So you get that just right through the IRS website. We give you all that information right there in the back end of your portal because the same process applies for forming your holding company as does on a property bypropy basis. Okay? But it's in the state in which the property is located. So now you have the LLC formed for the property. Now you just have to get the documents, right, the operating agreement, stuff like that put in place for that property. and we give you samples of those in the back end that technically you could convert from PDF to Word. I can't tell you to do that or even give you a hint that you can do that, but you could do that. Uh, but you would want an attorney to help review and draft those just for your safety. Okay? And the attorneys who can do that for you are all in the back end of the system in the vendors and systems uh tab in there. So, and the vendors and systems looks like this. If you haven't downloaded this already, it's going to look like this. Okay, in the back end. So, the attorneys right here, transaction attorneys, securities attorneys, business attorneys, and we give you two of transactions, two of securities, one business attorney. So, all the attorneys are there, and you can reach out directly to them. The agent of service is there, registered agents are there, accounting companies are there, all of it's there, right? All of the softwares and systems and everything that we use currently are all there. Bookkeepers, cost segregation companies, and there's plenty of them. I can give you more. Any of the lenders that are listed all here that you can reach out to, insurance brokers, and so forth, right? And that's kind of your major team players for a lot of this stuff when you're going through this closing process. Okay. Um, looking at some of the questions here. Yeah, beautiful. Um, so yeah, but keep in mind that's why we're here, okay? I'm giving you all this information now and it may be kind of like way up here for you. You're going, "Holy cow." That's okay. When you get to this stage where you actually have a locked up deal and you're hyperventilating because now it's real. It's okay. That's why you lean into us and we'll help walk you through. Once again, you have my personal cell phone number. You have my personal email. You can email and text me about this process. It happens all the time. I mean, pretty much everybody that goes through this process, I'm personally conversating with as you're going through it because you're going to have 400 questions, especially when it's your first time. And I'm going to kind of walk you off the ledge when you're hyperventilating and kind of keep you calm as you go through this your first time because it's going to appear and feel like a lot. That's okay. The greatest part about it is once you go through it and you close, you're going to feel like, dude, I can totally do that. And then like your confidence is going to go through the roof and you're going to go, let's go rinse and repeat, right? Because it's going to feel like you've climbed a mountain. And that's good. That's that's what you need to go through. Um, I'm just prepping you mentally because I mean I just know what everybody goes through because I went through it and you're going to go through the same thing. Um, hold on one second. Okay, cool. So, that is kind of the main closing process. Um, and I just want you all to know from the time frames, 60, 90 days and then you're closed. And then kind of when you get to this stage out here, and I'd say right around, right around here, uh I'd say in this stage right here, you're also uh you're signing your property manager company. Okay? And keep in mind, you're already going to have this management company set up, right? Because what you're doing right now is you're looking for deals. What are you also doing? Building the team in that market. The brokers, property managers, any renovation crews, any local lenders, right? Outside of the lenders we provide you, any local lenders. And how do you get access to those people? The brokers are going to be your first way in. Your property managers are then going to know a lot of people, too. They're going to know your renovation guys. They're also going to know local lenders, okay? and they can put you in contact with them. So that's where the property management comes in so key. But your brokers will be a great leading point for property managers. Your property managers will be great lead points for your construction renovation crews and your local lenders in the market. Your brokers will also help with that. So your brokers are kind of like that key point once you get in. And then your property managers right behind them and they're going to have access to the rest of the team. So that way before you even get a property, you have your little team teed up. And we've tal I've talked about this a million times in some of the videos you've watched in the coursework as well as when we kind of come in. You know, setting up that market before you even get a deal is the process that we teach. So that way you're not tucking tail when you actually get a deal. You actually have some of this front-end stuff done. So, you kind of feel like, okay, I have my website, I have my CRM. I've got my team locally in the market, meaning property manager, brokers, renovation crews, I have a local lender, all that stuff's kind of you kind of feeling good. I got it preset up, ready to go. So, that way now when a deal actually comes live and I'm going to go ahead and walk through this process here, I'm not like catching my tail. I'm I've already kind of preset up. I'm pre-framed. kind of ready to go a little bit to where, you know, when the lenders say, "Hey, who's your property manager? It's one, two, three property management company. I've already interviewed three or four. This is the one I'm going to use on the market." And that happened 6 months ago or 3 months ago or two months ago, right? Same thing. Uh, you know, who's some local brokers and who's some other people who's going to help renovate the property? Oh, it's it's 123 renovation crew. We've already talked to them. We interviewed a few few. We already have some bids and stuff out from them. So, we're kind of ready to go. You see how that works? And so, we'll walk you through that process. Um, beautiful. Any other questions before we finish up here, but I kind of wanted to walk through this timeline stuff for you so you kind of understand day one LOI contract. You have a little bit of window time there for our first look. 7 to 14 days and then the escrow period gets open. Then you have your 30 days of due diligence of which all your money typically is non all your money is refundable at that point in time. There may be some upfront costs, right? So for a little legal little inspection stuff that may happen at that point and then a deposit for the lender. All of which is part of your 10%. And then you're going to get reimbured for that as well once you close the escrow. And then you keep walking through your due diligence at the end of your 30 days ends or you get an extension for maybe another 15. And then you come out here and then by the end of 60 days you're closing the escrow or you're asking for a 30-day extension and you close in 90. Okay? And that's pretty much what you can expect for your closing process. And once again, we are here the entire way through it. And that's why you have my personal cell, my personal email, the team, everybody as you're physically going through this process because you're going to have 19 million questions. And that's okay. That's what it's designed for. But the cool thing is once you go through this one time, you're going to be like, "All right, I got it." Like that. Yeah, that was a lot, but I got it. And now you're playing in the big boy space, right? You're you're out of the single family world and now you're into uh the big boy space. Um, cool. Yes. And yes, uh, Brian, we can certainly do that. You know, we can certainly set that up, but you know, you got to find the deals, analyze them, write the offers, right? There's until that happens, this process will never happen, right? So, that's why it's all about finding deals, uh, analyzing, writing offers, building the relationship with the brokers. So, now you're getting access to the pre-market deals outside of the websites because it's all about the deals. Once a deal gets close to locking up, then this process will really start to kick in. So, um, ah, good question, David. Great question. We'll finish up on this. Yeah. So, how do you prorrate rents? There's a lot of things that get prrated. Um, I typically, okay, I typically like to close all escros on the, um, typically between the 12th and the 15th or 12th and the 18th of the month. Okay, 12th and the 18th of the month. I also like to line that up. This is a great question, David, uh, because there is nuance to this. And the reason why you want the 12th to the 18th of the month is because it's very likely you're going to have new property management, not all the times, but sometimes new property management come in. There's going to be a delay period in terms of getting everybody up and running, getting letters out to the tenants, getting the new property management software loaded and running correctly with all the tenants, all the accounts, everything financially set up. So that way you don't have any hiccups or shows. So you want 15 days of run time before the first of the month comes up. See where I'm going with it? So because most rents will be collected, most 80 to 85% of the rents should be collected by the 15th of the month. And then ideally you want to close on a Thursday or Friday. Thursday or Friday. Thursday or Friday. Uh so that way the management team has the weekend and ideally if they can close on a Thursday that is the best time and if the Thursday lands between the 12 12th and the 15th of the month beautiful close on a Thursday so that way now the management company they automatically turn one software off the other one on and now they have the weekend to make sure that there's no hiccups and if there are they work through the weekend to get it running so that way come Monday that software is up and running. You don't you're working through some of the show and that way you're trying to run smoothly and then now you have another two weeks before the first of the month hits and new rents come in because the last thing you want to do is close on the 30th of the month, put in a new software system, don't have all of your stuff teed up and now you can't get rents in and you go two, three weeks and it's a whole show. So that's why 12th to 15th of the month, ideally on a Thursday, so that way it actually gives people on a Friday some more work before the weekend hits. So there is your nuance. That is a great question. Great question. Um, yeah, that's hands down uh and a very very important piece and that's a nuance piece uh that you wouldn't know unless you've done a few deals and they've been screwed up. So uh we learned that very quickly. It only took me one deal figuring that out. I'm like, "We can't close on the 30th." No. And we're not you. You got to close 12th to the 15th of the month. Okay. Um Okay, beautiful guys. Appreciate this. We'll get this uh recorded up and into your portal for you so you can rewatch this if you would like. And just know that we're here for you every step of the way. So once this happens, you know, lean in even further and text me personally, email me personally. You have all that information, okay? you have it all. So, all right everybody, have a great rest of your Thursday and keep sending the deals in. We're going to have the the uh drawing, right? The drawing. I see Joshua's winning right now. Joshua McCreary or Mccerry McSherry is winning right now with the most deals sent in and he's writing LOIs. So, if you guys can catch up on it, then uh we're going to draw and then I'm going to be flying out to one of the winners and spending three days with you in your market. So, that's going to be happening here uh drawing by the end of August. So, awesome. Everybody, have a great rest of your day and we'll chat soon.