Hello, hello, hello. Come on in. Happy Tuesday. How's everybody doing? Good. Good to see some shiny faces, I think. Uh, let's see. We got Oh, Vincent, good to see you on here. Rory, good to see you, too. And then I think I got Angelica on here. Good to see you. Oh, yes. Good to see you. Hi. Hello, everyone. Um, so some newer faces in here. U, so what I wanted to go over today is um a pitch deck. A pitch deck and an actual one of an actual deal that's closing uh I want to say in about a month. in about a month in Kansas City, little 33 unit, and show you what they are doing and how their pitch deck is put together and all that stuff. And then just give you an idea of at what point you would do this and why and what it's used for and then um kind of how it gets formatted and put together. So, let's go ahead and and do that. So, one second. Um, and kind of before I get going specifically on this pitch deck, I think it's important to know kind of at what stage in the process they're in as they're using this pitch deck. So they found the deal, you know, through local broker in the Kansas City, Missouri area and they analyzed it, right? Through the deal analyzer, found out, made some numbers, went back and forth through negotiations, submitted an offer, and then that offer went through back and forth with negotiations, and then they were able to actually uh get it done, get it done, and they put it into escrow about a month ago, and then they have about another month before it's going to close. But the stage they're in right now is really in that stage three and four. Three and four. And this is kind of where they've created their pitch deck because they're going out to their database of people they know and some people they don't to raise some money. To raise some money. So, I'm going to kind of break it down and show you what this pitch deck does and why it's so important because it's going to answer about 90% of the questions that any person may have, you know. So, kind of come at this from uh if you're looking at this right now this evening, come at this from a perspective of like you're a potential investor maybe and to look at it from those eyes. Um and this actually be maybe some good um uh feedback for them because this template that they've used it in is kind of an older template. We have a newer one that you all get in your downloads, but I'm curious as to your feedback, both positive and negative on the layout, uh, the information it shows because it's important. This is what's going to kind of go out to any potential investor or anyone that may be interested in investing in your apartments. So, let's go. Can I ask a question, please? When you say they, who were the people behind putting this together? Yeah, so this is Hayden and Matt. Okay. So, they're uh mentees in the program. This is now their third deal uh that they've done and um they're kind of getting into that next stage, right? Over 30 units, right? Remember I talked about 10 to 30, 10 to 30. Now, this one's a 33. They've looked at 56 ones, 64 ones. So, they're getting into that next stage. They're going to raise about $700 and something thousand for this deal uh to take it to the next next stage. So, let's kind of walk through. I know a couple folks are still coming in here. So, welcome on in. Awesome. I know Angela's came out. She's coming back in, too. So, perfect. Okay. Yeah. Just to kind of summarize for the folks coming in, um I'm showing up pitch deck here today of a deal that uh one of our mentees are doing and walking you through that deal and that way you can kind of take a look at it and see kind of what you would be putting together. And you have the templates for this in your portal um of what it would look like on an actual deal. This is the little 33 unit. I'll make sure everybody gets muted here. for one second and then I'll walk through it. Awesome. Cool. All right. So, you kind of have a cover page. It's got a photo of the property. 1983 product, you know, so kind of a class, you know, B minus uh 1983 product, small uh small deal. This is like kind of general information that kind of comes in here. Financial disclaimers. This is all templated at this point. And then this is all Google Map stuff. So you pretty much pull and play the stuff from, you know, online to put it into the template that is your pitch deck. And it's just given a bit of information here. So investment of the property, they're going to be raising about 730 grand. Minimum investment to get involved is 25,000 and so on so forth. It kind of breaks down the overall returns around 16 and 12% annual returns on your money with a 6% preferred return. 6% preferred return. and we can get into. So if you have questions on some of the numbers, ask me and we'll walk through them. Okay? So feel free to, you know, blurt out on that and we'll go through it. So this is kind of a little snapshot lefth hand side showing you $25,000 minimum investment to get involved. Breaking down your preferred return. In this case, it's 6%. And then uh 80% so that the splits on this deal are 8020. They're giving 80% to the investors to boost up the returns in this particular deal. They're taking on 20% of that deal. Okay. Projected returns for the investor is 16 to 18%. The equity multiple of 1.99 to 2.25. What that means is that if I give you $100,000, I'm expecting back 1.99 or basically 199,000 to 225,000 if I give you 100 grand. That's what that means. And then total equity to raise the investment periods four to six years and that's kind of the kind of summary of it. Okay. Hey question can what's the difference between the annual preferred return and the projected annualized return. Yeah. So preferred returns are kind of like the baseline minimum return that the investor would get. It's included in the total return of 16 to 18%. Right? But that's kind of like your your first money out that gets paid out to the investors before there's any profit splits. So you always offer a preferred return to your investors because what that says is, hey, I'm going to get paid this at a minimum a minimum and then we go to a profit split scenario. Does that make sense? And then Joe raised his hand too. You got a question, Joe? Yeah. Hey everybody, I'm Joe. Uh, sorry I signed on a little late. I was getting my headphones paired. Uh, quick question. Do you um on some of your deals, do you ever let the like once the investor gets paid back, do you let them continue to ride along with the deal? Yes. So, uh, the way that the the documents are written two ways. um they're in the deal in perpetuity unless you put into your documents that if upon a refinance and payback of their capital and all of their returns that you project to them, they're now out of the deal, right? So, you can do that. Um which quite honestly I kind of recommend. Uh we're starting to do that on our deals once they're paid back their preferred return, all their capital plus their projected return. So they're getting say 18% a year on their money at that point and they've received it plus their initial capital back. Uh at that point you can you know get them out of the deal and now you have 100% of it. That is definitely an option. Definitely an option. Then a little bit of a property overview. So just kind of goes into a summary of the property highlights of the area. So you can see Kansas City, Missouri. And this is just north of Kansas City, Missouri. It's kind of showing you just on a map some basic metrics of the property. So, the overall return on the property is about 17%. They're getting a loan um 24 months interest only. It's fixed at about 7%. That's going to help them with the renovations. Okay, that's the type of loan they're getting. And then they're doing a debt coverage ratio on this one about 1.37 and they're raising about 730,000. Total purchase price 2 million bucks. down payment 730,000. So what's going to happen is they're going to come in with about 10% of that. So they're going to come in with 73 grand and then they're going to get a acquisition fee of two and a half%. So on this one about 2 million bucks about what about about 50 something,000 60,000. Is that right? Yeah. 51,000 bucks. So their actual out of pocket is going to be $21,000. and they're going to have control of a 33 unit multi-million dollar apartment building for uh $21,000. Okay. And kind of has some more details and stuff in here and stuff too. So, I can also ask them too if they're okay with me sending this out to all of you. I'm sure they would be um just you guys can kind of review it. You have one in your portal, but if you want to see another version of one, by all means, that's what this is for. some project overview. So 33 units, current average rents, current occupancy of the property, they're buying it at a seven cap, which is good cap rate to buy it at. Age of the property, and then the household income, right? So they're right above $60,000 in household median income, which is good. And then they have good job growth and population growth. So these are all key key metrics. talking about the unit types, some photos of the property, and all they're doing, just so you know, to put this together. Once again, you have the template. They pulled a bunch of information off of the brokers, right? OM, right? That's kind of the broker's marketing package and just screenshotted a bunch of it and now bringing it over into their deal. Does that make sense? So, you're not having to go do a lot of this stuff. what you can also do in terms of market stats and I'll show you that in a minute once I get kind of get through showing you the property photos talking about the team their investment stuff uh the property manager stuff like that little timeline so they're right in the middle of due diligence and raising money currently but with a close date out in mid June and then the market Justin sorry how long do they have to raise that money basically uh technically 60 days but their uh their due diligence period's 30. They can ask for an extension on that. They're about halfway done raising the money right now. Okay. All right. Thank you. Yeah. And what happens if they don't raise the money in time? Yeah. So, here's the way here's the um the the guide I always give. If you've raised at least half of the money by the end of your due diligence period, when your money goes hard, keep going. If you haven't raised any money or very little by the time your money goes hard, you may want to consider cancelling. Okay? So, that's kind of like the baseline I use just for safety. Um because if you've raised some money and you've gotten it committed and you're bringing it in uh and you're about halfway through your uh escrow period, which is your due diligence of 30 days, then keep going because I mean you're clearly something's right. You're doing things right. You just may need a little more time and that's okay. Um so a lot of times it'll go up to the 11th hour for raising the money. You just want to know that you're on the right process. The right process. Is there a penalty when you back out of deals? Uh yeah, like you lose your deposit. I mean, if if you're hard at that point, right? If your money's hard, but typically uh that's why you have a 30-day period, right? And then your money can go hard unless you ask for an extension and you're granted that, right? There's negotiations that can happen, which I've seen happen a lot. Like you'll get to the end of the 30 days and maybe you ask for another 15. So there's options in there to negotiate. Does that answer your question, Rose? Yeah. Um, so you're saying that it's probably best to kind of start raising money at the same time you're looking for deals. No, what you should be doing is getting what's called soft commitments. Okay. Okay. So, kind of we've always talked about this, hence the reason having the CRM, having a website, acting the part, presenting beginning to present yourself, you know, as a real estate investor and gathering I call soft commitments, meaning someone if you're out, I mean, literally, you could be at a backyard barbecue, okay? and you're talking to people about things and it comes up in conversation and you're not going to get anybody to commit to you right then but you would get somebody to say hey like when you have a deal can you send it my way yes I can their information goes down phone number email and name and stuff goes right into your CRM system of which we provide you and then that way they can look at who you are your website plus your CRM and then when you have a deal who do you think it's gets blasted out to so you kind of are soft committing does that make sense Yeah. Yeah. Because that's what you do want to do. You're kind of collecting people. You could even start that now. Um I mean, I do it all the time. I mean, I tell the story about my Trader Joe's experience, you know, that was probably one of the cooler ones, but I'm in the the the check out line of Trader Joe's just having small talk with the cash register and talking about our days or whatever. And I said, "Yeah, I'm just finishing up mine and stuff." She asked like what I do. I said, "You know, I buy and invest in apartments around the US and we do it with investors." Like that's all I said. And she said, "Oh, really?" And I said, "Yeah." And she says, "You know, my brother's been looking to get into that. He just doesn't know who to talk to." And I said, "Oh, okay. Well, that's great. I mean, I what is he looking for?" And we chatted about that briefly. And she says, "Oh, he's looking for this. He has about 50,000 bucks to invest." And I said, "Oh, great." And she says, "Can I give him your information?" "No, you can't. You can't do it. Don't give him, you know." I said, "Of course." So, give me his information. We had a three-way talk, right? Little text chat, and then now he's a soft commitment, right? So, as soon as we have a deal, who do you think's going to get it? he's going to be blasted out with everybody else to start looking at it. That's what I'm talking about. So, just be open to those conversations. Um, and it's you're not selling anything. All you're doing is having conversations, right? Yeah. Uh, Joe, what was your question? I I just wanted to elaborate a little bit on that. Um, I have an experience like that as well. Um, because I just moved into a new apartment um in the beginning of May. So, we went to Bob's Furniture and the store manager, you know, she asked what I do and I was telling her, you know, basically what you just said and she's like, "Oh, I've been looking for multif family myself. Um, do you have anything? Do you have any projects at the moment?" And I said, um, I'm working on some, you know, she's like, "Can I give you my contact information?" So, I have her contact information and I said that I was going to I want to put together like a little like real estate club in the area, but that's all good. Yeah. And what you also can do And I've recommended this and you can almost use um a uh uh I'm looking like a placeholder deal, you know, a placeholder deal to create a pitch deck because this would be a great exercise. And in the back end of your portal, there's a video specifically of me going over how to do your pitch deck step by step in the mentorship portal. Um you should just create one to create one and just even if it's a fake deal, it's not the point. The point is now you have something that therefore if somebody asks you could actually send them a placeholder deal and say this is an example of the types of deals we do. All you're doing is creating a soft commitment warm experience. That's all you're doing because when when it comes to push to shove and now you send something out, you've already built a little bit of rapport because I've said before, you know, one of the key things to raising any kind of capital or bringing people in is you have to have a deal that makes financial sense. That's number one, right? Number one. Number two is you have to have a pitch deck that helps explain what the deal is. And then number three is I have to like you and trust you, right? I mean, I'm not going to give you 25 grand in this case of this deal or 50 grand of my money if I don't trust you, regardless of how good the deal is, right? So, that's a key key component. But in terms of the market stuff, so they're just pulling this information from the broker's uh pitch deck, the broker's OM, their marketing material, and they're pulling it in here. Another thing you can do is you can literally go you can literally go to chatgpt type in the city and location of your property and say give me statistics about population employers rent growth job growth other things you want and give it to me in charts and graphs and it'll literally pump out a bunch of charts and graphs for you. It'll pull them from the internet and everything. It's crazy. And then that way you could actually use those. I mean, so the um the AI is getting so good and we're just in the beginning phases of it. Be hands down, use it. Use it to its greatest extent because you can put it into the stuff. Hey, Justin, I had a question. Mhm. Hey, so at what point do you um a would the attorney be drafting the like the the legal documents documents of this uh partnership? Yeah. And then also B at what point like do you have to register if you're soliciting from your friends or people that you know do you have to register as like a securities or or No mind. Yeah. You're you're the general partner. So you don't have to be a registered broker or anything. You're the general partner. So you don't register anything. Um you would prep your legal documents in the beginning stages right as you're starting to go into escrow. Okay, you have the templates already. Okay, so this is honest to God what I would do, and I shouldn't record this, but I'm going to. So, you have the PDF templates in your portal that are the legal documents, all of them, including the contracts. Okay. There are websites called smallpdf.com that'll allow you to convert that to a word document. I'm just saying. Yeah. Yeah, you may want to do that. And then uh not that you can use them and I can't tell you to use them because really the attorneys need to review those. The attorneys that do those are in the back end of the system in the vendors and system section are the attorneys. Okay? And the PPM lawyers, I think it's the name of their company. That's who we use and there's a couple others. Those are the ones that have drafted these documents. So you can kind of do a pre-prep of those documents for your deal and then connect with them to finish them for you. So they actually put their name on the documents because you want their name and review on it. Um that could be an option to reduce your cost to at least get the process going. Um because the deal will um the the closing cost of the deal includes the cost of your documents. There may need to be a little bit of preunding on that, right, to get it going, but it will be reimbursed to you. Okay. Okay. Yeah. But you would start that pretty much when you go into escrow. When you go into So, if you're soliciting from people that you know, then you don't have to ask them if they're accredited investors or anything like that. No, no, no, no. Yeah. Whether you whether they're friends or not is irrelevant. You always It depends. Like in this case, they're doing accredited and nonacredited. accredited and nonacredited. Okay, it's a 506b as in boy offering. So, just so everybody knows, when you get into the securities world of, you know, raising money if you needed to do that, there's two types of offerings. There's what's called a 506b as in boy and a 506 C, right? 506b allows you to bring in people that are accredited and people that are nonacredited investors. And this we go over this in the back end in the videos in the in the class and stuff in the portal. Um, a 506C allows you to bring in accredited investors only. The benefit of that is it allows you to publicly market it online anywhere, right? You can run ads for it to raise money. Okay. Okay. So, that's the benefit of that. Yeah, you always have them complete an investor questionnaire and that's one of the four documents that are provided to you in the back end of your portal right now. Okay. And then they'll complete that. So that way you've just checked your boxes on doing everything correctly. Yeah. Okay. Great question. Uh so this thing is pulled from the internet. You can see they've just copy and pasted this and they have it in their pitch deck. Same thing with a lot of these photos. They're all copy and pasted with the floor plans. But just a little bit of market overview, unemployment rates, some of the financials. They've literally copied and pasted this from the deal analyzer right into it. Okay? So people can look at the financials and then sourcing and funding of the money. And then looking at the cash flow, hey, if I put in $100,000, if I was an investor and I was giving you 100 grand, this is kind of what it would look like, right? It's about a 16 17% annualized return, 1.99 on my money. So, if I give you 100 grand, right, I'm getting 199,000 back. Okay, which is about right because they're getting the cash flow plus the the money back on profits and flips. So, you're getting about $199,000 back on $100,000 investment. So, Justin, the the mailbox money then is the 6 whatever it was on the previous slide, right? Yeah, that's that's what's called the preferred return. That's correct. Now, you can get additional cash flow on top of that if the propertyy's producing it, but at a minimum, you're getting a 6.6 clip like return and then you get a balance of your money at two different periods, a refinance or sale and that's when more big chunks come out, right? Got it. Just depends on on the deal. Yeah. And then how to invest. So, it kind of lets them know the process of investing and how to do it and so forth. and they're hosting I think they just hosted a webinar on this, you know, where they did a Zoom call like this and they sent it out to anybody they could get their hands on and people came in and they walked through this with them to kind of say, "Hey, this is my deal. You know, looking to raise about 730,000. We're putting in 73 grand of our own money and here's how it's structured for you and here's the property, right?" Um, and that's how it goes. And they're like they're raising the money. I think they have half of it already raised and then the rest is coming. So, uh, Joe, you had another question. Yeah, quick question. Um, is is 10% like the industry standard for how much skin we have in the game as the general partner? Yeah. And as you get bigger, like the bigger the deal, the less. So, like for example, one of our deals was a $31 million $220 unit apartment deal. We were bringing in uh $12 million of equity. So, 10% was 1.2 million. We brought in 5% which is about a half million and change. 600 and something. Yeah. So as you get bigger about 5%. But yes, these deals 10% would be pretty standard. Keep in mind you're getting an acquisition fee as well, right? It's going to come back in. It's like Peter to pay Paul, right? So thank you. Yeah. And then it goes into the management team. And then you can actually click this button. Let me see if this works because this should launch to their portal. Let's do this. See if this does this and I'll share that. Yeah, it's launching straight to their portal. Cool. So, let me show you that. So, when you click that button, it launches straight to their little investment portal. And you can have the exact same thing, by the way, and then somebody just signs up and they put in their commitment of 25 or 50,000 bucks and they go in as a reservation that then you're picking up the phone and having a conversation. And that's how that kind of endto-end process goes. So, remember I was saying you need a deal that makes sense. You need a pitch deck to actually walk people through the deal. And then you need a process when someone raises their hand says, "Hey, I want to give you my money. How do you actually bring it in?" And so, you know, any questions, I guess, logistically, cuz I'm sure you do, uh, about this and because I know it can be overwhelming at first, and that's okay, and it could be seeming foreign language, but once you go through this once, your confidence will go through the roof. It's just getting through that first one. Okay. Um, Luis, what's going on everyone? Um, so can you talk a little bit how this was built? This sort of um, invest now page. Is that was that a just was that you you guys did that for them on their website or was that you're talking about this here? Exactly that we're looking at. So this is uh, Syndication Pro. Syndication Pro. You don't need to use them. So we give you the website and we give you the CRM, right? You have that template in your back end. If you go into the vendors and systems, right, all of our vendors and systems in there in that PDF in your portal, you're going to see syndication pro. This is an investor relations software. You don't need it in the beginning, right? And I've said that many times. If you want it, you can, you know, I think register for it. We have a a discount link in there for you, too. Um, and I want to say it's 99 bucks a month or something like that. And then 50 bucks a deal. I would have to look into they I think they've changed their comp structure. Um but it's great once you're at their stage, right, where now they're they've got two deals in now that's their third one. They're kind of starting to grow. So now it makes sense to invest in some of your structure that you have. You just don't necessarily need it for your first or second deals. So that's why I don't put it out there because I don't want people wasting money on things they don't really need in the beginning. I was using spreadsheets in the beginning, dude. So, some of the same investors, we could assume this. Um, some of the same investors from deals one and two are in deal this deal. 100%. Yep. Because if you treat people right, right, and you do well, you'll 100% see that happen, right? Yeah. 100% see that happen. So, Justin, couldn't you build a page like this just as another tab on your website? You could. Yep. And then they could actually come into the CRM. But what you're what Syndication Pro does that I'm not showing you is the whole backend side of it. It's basically designed to host your deals. People can put in reservations. They can sign all their legal documents in there. It does all their tax documents. It does distributions out to them. It does everything. Like the whole nine yards. Um it's pretty slick. Uh but once again, you don't need that in the beginning, right? Right. I don't I think it's an extra cost that you don't really need to invest in unless you really want to, but there is a discount link in the back end of your portal under the vendors and systems PDF. You'll see it in there if you if you want to try it out and get into it. Yeah, it's a good company. They've been around a while. It's one of the cheaper ones because there's there's a host of kind of investor relation software companies out there. I think they're the best at the best value in my opinion. So, yeah, great great questions though. But yeah, on that on that investor thing, all that is is a link, right? So, if you go back to the pitch deck, um all that is is a little link that they put on on their PDF that launches to their uh investment portal. Yeah, it's no different than we do on our pitch decks. Um, like if I were going to show you, and we're adjusting this as we speak, but this is one of our initial funds we did. Um, pull it up real quick. One second. So, this is the actual template you guys have in the back end. It's a little bit cleaner. I think it's better. Um, just kind of showing you what you guys get. So, this is our opportunity fund. It's a $25 million opportunity fund. And this is the pitch deck on it. So, the things we're going after, how much money we're raising, summary of the plan, $50,000 minimum investment, your preferred return, 24-month involvement, what we're targeting, stuff we're investing in, and where. And you have this template. It's just a little more visually appealing, I think. but it breaks it down kind of where the money's going to be sitting financial summary gives you an example. Hey, if you give us 50 grand, this is what it looks like for you. So, you see how it's kind of just visually a little bit more appealing. Um, and this is the template you guys have. Um and then if you give a 100 grand and then if you give a million. So it's breaking it out year by year in the stuff. And so once again when you go through this process if you want to send it to us and our team we will help review these things with you. No different than your deals. Okay? Especially on your first ones. And you should be doing your first ones. And just know that it's okay. Like it is it it's it's a good amount of work for your first one, but you're putting a deal together. You're learning. Trust me, once you go through it one time, you'll like the level of confidence you'll have will go through the roof. Um and you're you're stepping into a a league of things where you're going to start to, you know, you put your big boy pants on. And this is good stuff, right? I mean, this is what everybody's looking to do. And just keep in mind, I mean, the reason you're doing this is because you're solving million-dollar problems, right? I keep talking about how people's income is directly related to the problems they solve. I mean, you're putting a multi-million dollar deal together. You're solving problems for investors and other people who want to make money with their money, right? And because of that, you're solving million-dollar problems. So, you're going to get paid very handsomely to do all this stuff. That's the reason you do it. and to obviously help and grow and do the things you're trying to do for you and your family. But that's, you know, there is a benefit to doing this. And it's just trying to see through and realize that, yeah, in the beginning it's a lot, but then you realize, hey, um, I got it right. The first one you do is always the hardest. It's always the hardest, but that's why we're here. Gets into the market. Once again, you can pull all this stuff off. Literally, you could go to chat GPT. It'll give you all this stuff and then I it's literally copy and paste into the template. But we're f keep in mind our fund focuses on stressed multifamily assets. Hence the reason I'm pulling in stress data from the internet. And my how to invest is a little easier. So you could literally scan this with your phone and it will load. or you can click here, right? You tell me which one you want. Uh, but that's the point. It'll launch the portal and then people can see the actual documents and everything right in a nice little portal and they can schedule a phone call with me or they can uh put in their reservation right there. I mean, I I kid you not, guys. Just had this gentleman uh mention his last name, first name, Loton, uh, high net worth individual. came across us online, went through all of our stuff, looked at the pitch deck, went through it, set up a call, I had a 45minute phone call with the guy, we went through a couple Q&amp;As's, and $150,000 came over. So, I mean, it's just to kind of show you what, you know, how it transpires, but this is a process you go through. Um, and you will get it. And, you know, I don't even know how he found us, if it was like YouTube or what, but that's how it can go once you start this process. But you always start with one and then you grow from there. And then this describes kind of what an accredited investor is if anybody you wanted to know. I mean you can Google this too but um this kind of meets the criteria. Number five is kind of like the gray area one that gets everybody through it. So if a person can demonstrate sufficient education or job experience showing their professional knowledge of unregistered securities, which is what this is, they too can qualify to be considered an accredited investor. So that's kind of anyhow when people say they don't qualify, there's number five, which a lot of people qualify for. So just FYI and then goes into the team. So this is Rudy Medina. He's um used to be Grant Cardone's partner uh and actually taught Grant Cardone multif family. Um so he's got a cool background here. He's done a lot of stuff. A lot of stuff. And once again, you can use these same people. So in your website as well as your pitch deck, this is your legal and accounting team because we've added them as your vendors and systems in the back end of your portal, right? So you can have they're literally your legal and accounting team. And then we we us can be your um strategic partner. Okay? So you can name us as your strategic partner on these types of documents. Okay? As well as your website. We have no problem with that. Um and because strategic partner means a lot of things, right? We could just be consulting, right? for all we know. But it it does give a little bit of a clout to what you're trying to pull off and then that's it. Obviously, they get an investment portal and stuff with that too. So, these are kind of the pitch decks, right? And the stuff for this um and why it's important, you know, in the stage at which you're doing it in, right? So once again, you're doing these things right at the stage where you have a deal. It's real, right? And this is kind of like the intense part between stages three and four, right? So you did all the finding, analyzing, right? All that stuff, writing offers, finding, analyzing, writing offers, and then all of a sudden, boom, now you got a real deal. This is the stage you start going through where you're going to put together this little pitch deck. you're also going to start uh the financing side and all of that so you can actually close on this great new apartment complex. And that's where we love to come in and be your handholding right along that process. I mean, that's honestly cuz you have my direct phone number, my cell number, my email, all of that stuff. I get the most amount of communication and texting when you get to this stage because this is usually when people hyperventilate. So just know if you are hyperventilating even now it's okay because if it seems like it's it's a lot it's okay like it's totally okay. It's normal cuz the you're seeing this and it's maybe the first time and you're like, "Oh my god." Totally normal. Just kind of absorb it, settle in, and then just slowly go through this process and use us. Because when you get to this stage of three and four, this is kind of where, you know, I expect you to be texting and communicating with us and the team and me to walk you through this process. So that way you feel comfortable cuz I've dealt with it a million times. I don't think there's anything I haven't seen yet. Um, but you know, if I and if I haven't seen, I guarantee you Rudy um has definitely seen everything. I mean, that guy has seen everything. Um, so, uh, we can get you answers that I can assure you. Okay. Um, awesome. Well, yeah. Any other specific questions? Um, Christine, good to see you in here. And then Samira, good to see you. Smiley faces. I love it. Um, Vincent and all of you. So, any other questions, I guess, before we finish up this one this evening and then obviously we have Thursday as well. Um, but any other questions before we finish? Oh, sorry. Go ahead. Uh, I saw you ma Mariah. Hey. Um, sorry. I apologize. I'm recovering from the flu, so I sound like half alive because I feel half alive. Um anyway, this is probably a stupid question, but um when you said time to back out of the deal before the money goes hard, can you be more specific on what exactly do you mean by that term go hard? Yeah. So, in your uh letter of intent and in your contract, you're going to have a deposit. Okay. And that deposit is fully refundable per the terms of your contract until the end of your due diligence period, which means property inspections, physical inspections, financial inspections, all of that. 30 days typically at the end of that 30 days, that deposit goes hard, meaning if you pull out, bye-bye. Got it. Okay. Money goes to the seller unless you negotiate an extension. Right. That's correct. unless you negotiate extensions, which you can do and h happens a good majority of the time. So, and if you get to that stage, you know, we can talk and I can kind of walk you through that um when you're going through that that phase. And because sometimes you could say, "Hey, we need an extra two weeks." And sometimes they may say, "Okay, we'll give you an extra two weeks, but you need to put an extra 5,000 bucks in as an earnest money." Stuff like that. So, you'll see those kind of negotiations going on. And I'd mention to them, I'd say, because you'll get through all of your inspections, right? Usually the only thing holding people up from like going or not going is like, do I have enough of the money raised and where am I at on my financing? That's usually it. Because you've done your inspections on the property, check mark. You know, you feel comfortable with that. You've done financial inspections on the property to make sure the numbers are what they say they are. The last things in the puzzle are typically lender related or the actual equity. And so as long as you have half of the equity raised or close to that, right, the down payment money, you keep going, right? You keep going. But if you don't have that and you kind of like haven't raised anything, well then it may you may want to say, eh, you know, this was a good exercise, but I got to go. Yeah. And that way your money's protected. And yeah, I mean, did you have to I mean, I know that uh you know, Tony and Ryan and you guys have been through the in- and-out on deals. Uh many have and and that's okay. I mean, it's uh it's not an abnormal process for deals to fall out. So, so I have a question. So, we were analyzing a deal. Um they wanted 5 million uh 48 units Kansas City uh needed some rental and um we ran it through the, you know, through the deal analyzer. We were coming in at 35 um and um found out today they've gone under contract with an institutional investor at 4.75 and what they did is they put bridge debt on the deal interest only. So, they were able to get aggressive and get I would love to understand that better. not on this call, but maybe that's something that we can review together because I I because that could lend itself for some other things that we're looking at because right now our experience is and I don't know if we're just too conservative on our underwriting, but we're coming in where we are way under what these things are going under contract for and it's getting it's getting frustrating because as you know it's a lot of work that goes into all of that and right now we're striking out. Yeah. I'd be curious because on the bridge debt what I mean if they're taking out variable rate variable rate uh I mean that's right now I mean I guess it's probably not crazy dumb because interest rates have stabilized um I mean interestonly loan is fine uh and there's the lenders in the back end of the system will will can provide that financing um so I' I'd be I'd get a little bit creative on that I even ask them too I'd say hey is there any kind of interestonly, you know, two or threeyear type debt that's fixed rate, right? Fixed rate debt that we could get on this thing and then help our cash flows until we get to the next stage, right? So, that is an option. And that's all you're doing is just um putting in place just a shorter term type loan. Um but then you also want to make sure you're following the fundamentals. And I know it's hard, right? Because you're looking at a decent number of deals and they're not penciling, right? And so you're trying to you're trying to force it down. Uh and I get it. You know, it's just when you get into a market like that, sometimes it can be tough. Um but then you're also starting to look at bigger deals where you're starting to play ball with some institutional guys. And so that's why staying a little bit of smaller sometimes is a little nicer, too, because you're not going to play with the big boys on that stuff as well. They're not you're getting more sophisticated deals, right? The minute you step above that 30 50 unit range, you're just playing with a little more sophisticated crew. And so it's going to it can be a little bit more sharky and aggressive. Just FYI. Yeah. But yeah, when they say bridge debt, all they mean by that is it's literally a bridge from where they're at today to a bridge till tomorrow. And they're taking short-term probably 2, threeear loan. It's probably a two or three year loan that's interest only. I I I'd be curious if it's fixed or variable. I'm hoping it's fixed. Um but you could do that and then at least get to the next stage. But then I guess what they're hoping is that interest rates will be lower when they refinance. Sure. Um that's what they're hoping for is what I'm guessing. Yes. You don't need to do long-term debt on that. You can do shorter term. So that's all they're meaning by that. But the lenders in the back end of the system do that type of financing. They're there. Yeah. They they'll pull that off. Scotty and then uh Chris and those guys. Um they'll all do that type of financing. Yeah. So awesome. Couple question. Yeah. Cristiano, I know you have one more question. Yeah. Um I ran across a couple of 10 unit properties in Houston and were being already operated as a mix of long-term rental and short-term rental. Would you consider some something like that with short-term rentals too or would you say maybe yes you typically want to have maybe 10% no more than 10% of your your units as a short term but it's it's another little avenue of revenue. Um if it's any more than that it could change your financing because lenders look at it differently right so it could mess up your financing on getting a loan if you if like if everything's shortterm you just may have a different type of financing on it. Yeah. So, it becomes harder with a short-term rental. It it it can andor the terms of that loan are not as advantageous to you. Okay? It's going to change your financing. If you have more than 10 to 15% of those units shortterm, you're going to get a different type of loan. Okay. But still viable. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Completely viable. It's just you may have to come in with more money down. Uh they may be looking at you different interest rates, higher interest rates. They just look at different things because it's higher risk in their in their mind. You're basically operating a hotel. Yeah. Last question for today. I remember in the in the classes you you obviously mentioned you need to know what the cap rate is on a given area. Mhm. But and you I think you you mentioned the classes you want to ask the broker and find out what it is. But obviously I suppose that the cap rate on a 10 unit is going to be lower generally than a 100 unit apartment. Correct. So you need to be specific. Um not necessarily not necessarily but it is very it can become neighborhood specific right neighborhood specific. Um but yeah you you you will see a difference in cap rates between smaller and bigger deals. That is true. So there's a combo approach to this. Number one is yes, your brokers are going to be on like your true boots on the ground information source for that data, but you can also look online through the data and websites. There's real rates.com, realyrates.com, which is one of the websites we give you in your portal uh for data. Uh another one is honestly because Chad GPT is going to pull this data for you. I say it. You can put it in literally put in the address of that property and say, "Can you pull up what the general cap rates are for type, you know, 10 unit type properties in this area based on this address?" And just give me a general cap rates for the last 12 months for this area. And it'll give it to you. And then what you want to do is take that and confirm it with the brokers that you talk to. Say, "Hey, the data I'm seeing online is things are trading around 6 and a half cap rate. What are you seeing right now? just to get a feel. But you're saying there isn't too much of a difference between like a smaller complex and maybe 100. There shouldn't be a ton. No, it shouldn't be like drastic. It's not going to be more than like a half point, right? Anything in in there from like six to six and a half% or five to five and a half, it shouldn't be drastically different because once again, it's based on financials. It's not based on comparable, right? Perfect. Thank you. Yeah, you bet. Awesome everybody. Um, this is cool. Good to see some of the the faces in here and don't be shy, you know, and free feel free to ask and and uh and everybody in here. So, John, yeah, one last question. Yeah, one last question. Um, I'm get I'm to the phase of where I'm going to be starting to u run properties through the deal analyzer. Yeah. Um, is I haven't gotten a chance to explore the deal analyzer yet. Does it I know but your your um do they have the the finance rate like a standard um in the calculations already there is there's a placeholder in there I think it's like six 6% right now should I should I always go yeah I would probably use yeah between six and 7% is going to be a decent rate right now for for your interest rate yeah got it thank you it's good placeholder awesome everybody I hope fun and useful one question. Yeah. Um, okay. Well, actually it's two questions. So, the first one is let's say that you have, I don't know, 50% of the capital raised when the deposit's going to go hard. Um, would it make sense to if you don't have any more investors coming in, would it make sense to go in your with your own money and then Sure. figure it out later? Correct. Yeah. Because you can do what's called if you have the capital. Sure. Yes. So you can call what's called backfilling, right? So you can technically close the deal and then backfill, right? Keep raising money. Nothing stopping you from doing that. We're doing that right now. We have 144 unit deal we closed on in February, $6 million raise. Uh we had 3 million going in. We closed it and then backfilling 3 million right now as we speak. Okay, cool. And then the other one was, let's say I have a deal that I'm analyzing and I want and I want your input on it. Where do I send it? How can I have someone or who would analyze it with me or help me out? Beautiful. Yeah. So, uh because I know you literally just uh signed up. So, in the back end there's a there's a Loom video you would have gotten today in text messages. If you walk that, I literally show you exactly where to submit. But if you go into your mentorship tile in there, you'll see it says submit deal for review. and you'll click that and it's going to send it right into us uh to submit. Yeah. Okay. Okay. All righty. Sounds good. You bet. Cool. Thanks, Angel. Awesome, everybody. Thanks so much. I think Rose had her hand up. Oh, hey, Rose. Hi. Sorry. Last one. Um did submit um a deal to Yeah, I think I saw that come through with the team. I think they're looking at it right now. Um, what's the lead time to get response from your from it? Yeah, typically uh about 48 hours depending on the deal and stuff, but yeah, typically 48 hours. Okay, thank you. Yeah, I know they're looking at it right now. So, yeah. Okay, thanks. Beautiful Justin. Thanks everybody. Thank you. Thanks, Christine. Thanks, everybody. You