[Music] Testing one, two, three. Testing one, two, three. Hello, hello, hello everybody. Come on in. Happy Tuesday. Get everybody in here real quick. &gt;&gt; See Michelle here. Robbie Vincent, good to see you. Craig, everybody, Michael, Joshua, good to see you all. Happy Tuesday. How's everybody doing? Anything exciting? Everybody has smiles on their faces. You just closed four deals. You have $373 million in your bank account, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Sounds great. You're like, and yes, perfect. Okay. Well, let me I'm going to bring up a deal uh because I know Robbie's here. I want to talk about this one because I thought this was an interesting one and just kind of walking through the numbers as we walked through it just up in escrow right now in Idaho. This is perfect. Uh, but you were the winners of the PBD general admission tickets that I have um for that conference down there in early September that we drew out of a hat. So, I see you guys in here. I wanted to let you guys know even though we already let you know personally the other day. Um, so congratulations on that. Um, and if anybody I know Thomas Francisco uh is going to go down there again. It's in Florida and Orlando this year. uh if any of you guys else wanted to go down there. Uh another thing that we're setting up right now is probably it's going to be October or November, probably October is to have um one of our first networking workshops and it'll be in Las Vegas will be the first one, Las Vegas. And then we'll do another one in probably Georgia or the Carolinas. Georgia or the Carolinas, but the first one will be in Las Vegas, Nevada. So, we'll get you guys out some information on that um for that front. So, uh Michelle, how are you? Uh &gt;&gt; oh, you're on mute. &gt;&gt; Pretty good, thanks. Um I'm uh trying to find some deals, trying to analyze. Not every every flyer gives uh enough information to put into the analyzer. I get kind of stuck on those. Say that again real quick on the &gt;&gt; um when I'm looking online like in Quiy. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; They don't give all the information to input into the deal analyzer. So I don't know. I can't tell if it's a good deal or not. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Sometimes they give full you know OM we call it like the offering memos from the brokers that give all that nice fancy data. Sometimes it does not and you have to request it. you know, the most important things that you need are, you know, a T12, some sort of a profit and loss statement, T12 as we call it, and uh the rent roll. So, those are the the most important ones. And then the ones after that, um are nice to have, and it's nice to have a nice little flyer and OM, which puts all the data in one place for you to plug in, but sometimes it doesn't have that, you know, it just depends on how mom and pop the deal is. So, Um, okay. Yeah, let me kind of show this. This is a 10 unit so everybody knows. And then, um, Christine and, uh, a few other folks coming in right now. Um, two things. Uh, number one, the, uh, we're having our first um, workshop uh, networking event for the community in Las Vegas. It's going to be in October. In October. Um, so we'll be giving you guys details on that. And then the two winners of those PBD conference tickets, the vault were Angelica and Rex. And so you guys know that now. Um, we already reached out to you guys, but I just wanted to let everybody know we pulled them out of the hat uh about a week and a half ago. So congrats on that front. Um, and tickets, I think they're still selling tickets down there. If anybody wanted to go to a great business conference down in Orlando, Florida in September, about a month away, uh that's a great one to go to. It's the Patrick Bed David one, the vault. Uh great networking for about 4 days. Uh be one of the better conferences you've ever been to. So keep that in mind if you do have the ability and time to get down there for it. Uh then I'm going to show you a 10-unit property just to kind of walk through it. So Robbie has this one in escrow and he's closing escrow on it and I think uh Robbie you can unmute yourself and kind of talk about it. I'm going to share it on screen and we'll walk through it so everybody can kind of understand how he found it uh how he analyzed it, how he put it into escrow, where he's at in that process and what he's looking to do with it. So uh shoot away Robbie if you can unmute yourself. &gt;&gt; Yes. Uh thank you Justin. Um, I found the property through a friend uh that I have uh been in contact with uh for a couple years now and he lives in Idaho and he knew that I am part of the multif family uh community and u in the market for uh 10 to 20 units. So he came across this uh to Justin's point moms and pops uh uh 10 units. Uh it's like they had uh just a like keeping track on on the back of a napkin kind of deal. Um uh and then we looked at it. We analyzed the deal. We got the leases. We start kind of just building our own T12. Uh got some u expenses from them. Uh did my own research on the property tax. Uh got that from the county. I also got the insurance coded uh from an insurance agent. So I got all the numbers that basically are concrete and accurate. Uh the the units are basically fully occupied have been fully occupied by few people for 8 10 years. Um some of them are really really undermarket value. Uh so that's how I came across this and Justin was kind enough to kind of just uh uh look it over and kind of just give me the the green light. out. I appreciate that, Justin. &gt;&gt; You bet. Let me share this one on screen so you guys can see it. Um, and then what? Remind me the address one more time. &gt;&gt; Uh, 934 11th Avenue North and Nampa, Idaho. &gt;&gt; 934. You said &gt;&gt; 934. Yeah. So, there's three properties we looked at. That's the one that I remember top of my head. &gt;&gt; Right. Uh what's the address? What's the street name? &gt;&gt; Uh 11th Avenue. Yeah. Going to pull up that map again real quick so I can show that. So you guys are seeing the financials on there and stuff. Um good little deal. uh you know this is all real data where he's in escrow at. So he's in escrow at a million 173 25% down. The financing is currently set up from what I understand as because it's four duplexes. Is that right? Or three three duplex. &gt;&gt; So it's uh it's it's five duplexes and on three different uh properties, &gt;&gt; right? Yeah. So they're they're underwriting them and using them as residential and and that loan's good for now. I mean interest rate isn't crazy bad. It's pretty good. 6.6 62% fixed rate um 6% closing cost. Everything else here is real data and um you know pretty good numbers on it. You know he's taking it from you know they're using 5% on the vacancy loss. He's popped it up to 10 for the future just to give some better numbers and but good little cash flow on it. Good little annualized return on it. Um so perfect for even bringing in investors. So, I know he's closing down on it, I believe. Maybe alone and then um maybe looking to back fill. Is that what I'm understanding? &gt;&gt; Correct. Yes. So, right now it's really moving fast and quick. Um I was out of town, so I'm kind of trying to catch up. It's uh closing this week at the end of the week, &gt;&gt; like Friday. &gt;&gt; Friday. &gt;&gt; Are you sweating? And you you don't look like you're sweating. &gt;&gt; I was sweating. Remember I was sweating before we we met and talked about the deal together. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. Now I understand. &gt;&gt; So now I feel much better. &gt;&gt; Then we kind of walked you off the ledge a little bit. &gt;&gt; You did. I feel much better. I feel really much better. Um everything is done. Went to the bank today. It's ready to go. Uh mobile notary is coming tomorrow or Thursday morning. So I'm very excited. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, if any of you are interested, I know he is looking to backfill and put some equity into it. And it's only about 370,000 bucks. Is that right? In the in the equity requirement. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so there's some room in there if anybody has interest or if you know of anybody that wants to invest in this deal in Idaho. This is the corner. It's a cool lot of corner triangular lot. This is 11th Avenue. This is Rosenl Rosen Loft. It's in Nampa, Idaho, which is about what 25 minutes from Boise. Does that sound right? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um, and kind of what I like just looking at this from an aerial as you all will notice is surrounded by single family homes right on sides, which is great. You have um couple things. I I asked him before I even knew. I said, "Where's the church?" And he says, "It's right behind me." So, there's a church right there, which is great. um elementary school sitting right here with a boys and girls club over here and then a massive park you know just down the street. So this entire area is you know growing and exploding. And then the one thing we I looked at and I had him look at is I said, "Go into chat GPT, put in the address, and I want you to type in uh show me the population growth, uh job growth, and median household income uh for the last three years for Nampa and where it's projected to go and any new developments that are up in front and coming." and Chad GPT using the address identified it and spun out all this great data and it solidified you know population growth is great job growth great median and household income all above averages on where you want it to be and so it lets you know everything the reason why I believe it's such a great opportunity from what I'm seeing is it's mom and pop and it's from a death in the family from what I understand &gt;&gt; that was not operated correctly &gt;&gt; you don't even need to do anything to the units and you can automatically bump them $200 plus dollars a month. So, that's the good news. And if you want to bump them further, then you do the Renault. Then you do the Renault. So, um, any questions on this one from anybody in here? Uh, as you're kind of looking at it, I see some stuff in the chat and stuff like that. I want to look at that real quick. Are &gt;&gt; you showing it online? Because I don't see it. Uh, &gt;&gt; it should be shared. Yep. I'm sharing the screen where I have the aerial should be pulling up for you. And can everybody else see that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Um I know Christine is in the chat here. Uh and a few others that may have some interest. So that's cool. Um was it five duplexes? Yeah. Uh yeah, I'm going to pull up the numbers again and stuff. Rory. Yeah, it is. It's technically five duplexes. Kind of zooming in here in terms of the lot. And there's some room in here because Robbie had brought up a good point. Putting in a laundry uh central laundry would be great. That would add huge value to the complex. And then uh I had broughten up a point because I think it's three lots. &gt;&gt; Yep. I said, "Hey, once you close escrow and you're done with it, have your broker buddy give you a couple civil engineers locally there and talk to them about combining the three lots into one because it's just going to make it easier in the future to finance it and make it simple if you wanted to do anything else because maybe you could put another duplex on there or even four units. So, but you need to combine the lots to do that. It wouldn't cost you a ton of money, but talk to a civil engineer locally and they can absolutely look at that and do that. &gt;&gt; And we launched that yesterday. So, I appreciate that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's another way to add value because I think we figured out that if you spent 250 to 300,000 building it, it would add about $800,000 in value &gt;&gt; if you added those units. Is that right? Through the income. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, that's huge. Um, but anyhow, yeah, I'm going to let me share the financials again real quick here and I'll cruise through them. So, yeah, current rents right here and then automatically and I think six of the 10 units, if I'm not mistaken, are monthtomonth, &gt;&gt; four of them are on leases that expire at the end of the year. So, you can raise rents pretty quick. &gt;&gt; Uh, and you could do it tactfully, so that way you don't lose the tenant base. you can automatically pop them, you know, 150, 200 bucks without doing a single thing to the property. So, that's huge value ad. And then later down the road, if you wanted to do renovations, then you could add more. You could add more. Uh, you're looking at average cash on cash return close to 8% with an annualized IRRa of almost 19. Um, which is pretty healthy. Pretty healthy. And I I think you're going to beat these numbers based on the data that I'm seeing there. Um I think you'll beat the numbers, which is not always the case. So that's good to see that. Uh yeah, your interest rate and everything is locked in. So it's I mean you know what you're getting there already, which is nice. &gt;&gt; Um coming into the IRRa. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think ultimately you'll probably be closer to a 5.5 cap when you sell this thing down the road, but you know, running it both ways is fine. You know, you have it at a six cap, which is conservative, I think, given the market right now, but compressing to a five and a half is not out of the question, especially in that market in Idaho. You could absolutely do it. So, um, so you got Yeah. three loans, three different uh lots. Um I know Robbie's answering some of the questions. Um yeah, I think Roy, you got that answered. Uh projected IRRa there, Henry, about close to 19% on that one, Henry. Uh based on this data and these points, um any other questions, I guess, about, you know, analyzing it in in the stuff you're kind of seeing. Um he pulled it. Did you get this off flyers or was it uh cuz it was a pre-market or was it on market cuz it come through trust, right? &gt;&gt; Yes. So, it was on the market uh and they were trying to really uh it was priced at 1.5 by the way. So, &gt;&gt; Right. because it went in and out of escrow, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um and then uh they wanted cash deals. There's a lot of back and forth and then that the first deal fell through and then we picked it up right after that. I was traveling overseas when I start kind of just working this deal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh 8 hours difference was not fun, but uh we still got it through. So um did the appraisal on it came in uh very solid. Um but yeah. Yeah, very excited about it. Yes. It was originally at 1.5 and you got it for 1.17. &gt;&gt; Yes. That's pretty good. &gt;&gt; That's that's that's a hard negotiator right there, Robbie. &gt;&gt; I saw I saw that you texted it. What's that? Oh, someone was unmuted there. There we go. Bruce was there. Okay. Um, so yeah, and I think uh Relle, I don't know what the minimum is. Robbie can probably do that because he wasn't planning on initially syndicating this. Um, but he's he's open to that now. um cuz he's closing on it regardless, but then it's um it's uh can be backfilled, you know, post close and bringing in some some partners. So, it's a nice little deal. Um beautiful. Very cool. Also, on Thursday, we will not have a class, but you do have uh the workshop. So, I have the 3-day workshop that starts Thursday, Friday, Saturday. You're welcome to join it for free. you guys aren't paying for that. Uh I think you have the um the codes for that, but if you do not, let me give that to you real quick if anybody has any interest in joining us on three days. Um it's a few hours per day on the workshop. I'm bringing in some, you know, high level speakers, even my mentor going over capital financing structure, some of the brokers, bringing in um property managers um and so forth. So, good little team of folks and should be a lot of fun. So, if anybody has interest, I'll put this in the chat for you and then I believe that the code for it is mission mission and that'll be 100% off for you. You do not need to click any of the buttons for any upsells. Just get into the main one and that's all you need. Um for that if you want to if you want to join us, up to you. But that'd be great. Um okay, let me pull on this real quick because I wanted to go back into some of the legal documents to kind of showcase for anybody. Does anybody have questions on where your documents and the downloads and all that stuff are at in the back end of your portal? That way I I mean if you do, I can show you so that way you have it. But if you know where all that's at, we've gone over it a bunch of times. I just want to make sure you have access to some of those legal documents because I've been getting a couple questions like, you know, when do you when do you syndicate? meaning when do you do a PPM with a securities attorney for the legal documents versus just a normal LLC in your operating agreement and that's really going to come down to who the investors are. So if you're raising you know a couple hundred thousand bucks few hundred thousand from you know three four people and you know them all pretty darn well then you could probably just bring them into an operating agreement under an LLC and that's it. If you're starting to raise money from people that you don't know that well, that's kind of what triggers um from a legal standpoint, what you want is having the PPM, the private placement memorandum done by a securities attorney. Okay. Um just to give you a heads up on that. Uh any other deals we'd like to discuss while I have it uh up here? I don't know if Michael, I know you're talking about some stuff uh and you're meeting some brokers. Um, we're gonna be meeting on Monday regarding that Indiana stuff. So, that's cool. And then I see Diego in here. Um, Joe, few others. I just want to go over any deals you guys are looking at or questions you have on some of these deals as we're in the process of finding, analyzing, writing offers. And then how many offers? Anybody talking about any offers they've written this week? &gt;&gt; Um, I was just in Charlotte, North Carolina. And &gt;&gt; beautiful. I don't know if you can hear me. Okay. But there's like such an overupp there. I was curious what you would underwrite for the next couple years of growth because honestly it looks more like 1% growth over the next year because there's so many units to absorb. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's fair. I mean you've seen and once again depends on supply demand and the absorption rate. But yeah, I mean you know we're looking at deals where we'll keep rents flat for a year or two and then increase them. So you can definitely look at that or it's marked to market depending on the market. So like Texas right now, I'd probably keep rents pretty flat into the latter part of next year where I do see them starting to increase by middle to end of 2026 because they're getting through some of their inventory now pretty quickly. But different markets are different. But using a a flat to 1% it's probably pretty fair, Christine, right now for the next year. Yeah. But I I mean my my gut instinct is this based on what I'm seeing and you can s kind of see it teeing up. I believe next year is going to be an absolute rocket ship because I can guarantee you interest rates are going down. Whether they happen prem chair comes in or the current Fed chair gets fired at some point, I don't know. But I can guarantee you rates are going down. Um there's just no doubt about it, especially with the crummy jobs report that came in recently, too. So, that's the good news because that's going to then move things and there's an enormous amount of money sitting on the sidelines moving into all these different areas that um I just I foresee a nice big boom this next year in 2026. But, you know, you're going through some rocky roads right now, but that's kind of like the time you you lock in and get in. Um, because you're you're buying in a troubled market, whereas, you know, when the market starts roaring up again, everybody's chasing that, right? So, it's just food for thought on that. Um, I'm just going through some of the faces in here. Say hi to everybody because I want to go over. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um, if you're like when I when I'm looking at properties, I'm looking at like, you know, apartments, but then there are some, uh, properties that are like like there's one example of this one in uh, Belton, Missouri that it's like a street block that's maybe um, 10 houses on one line. Um, do the banks analyze it? Will it always be one one loan for that or do you do it like separately? How how rock? &gt;&gt; No, they Yeah, they would they would look at it. That's almost kind of like a a condo project in a way, but you're saying it's single family. So, yeah, they can only lend on the one lot. So, they would look at all the properties. You definitely give you a a DSCR loan on it uh for the 10 houses on one lot. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Would that typically be would that typically be um like when you when you evaluate it based on the performance or would it be valuated differently based on like almost like single family like comps types of things? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's going to be kind of like a BFR, a build for rent. A build for rent. &gt;&gt; So, you know, the bank will look at it kind of like that and say, "Oh, okay. Well, you know, you have 10 single family homes. It's almost like a BFR little mini neighborhood. &gt;&gt; So, that's how they're going to treat that um going into it. For sure. For sure. So, um yeah, consider that when you're going into it because they'll give you a loan for the whole 10 houses because it's on a single lot. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. It just depends by the lot, right? I guess. Right. If it's like &gt;&gt; Yeah, because if you have multiple if you have 10 different lots, right? 10 single family homes each with their own lot. You could get a loan to crosscolateralize them. Sure, &gt;&gt; you absolutely could do that, but technically the bank would want to, you know, underwrite them individually and give individual loans, but I I wouldn't do that. I'd find a way to commercialize that loan. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm trying to look at just not look at those type of assets more towards the apartment. Yeah, it makes it simpler. &gt;&gt; Okay, thank you. &gt;&gt; You bet. Awesome. Uh &gt;&gt; Justin, I have a question. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, I I sent in four deals this past week and um they're my first ones um that I analyzed. I'm not 100% sure um what you know, you send them back with with highlighted areas. Can you kind of walk me through that and maybe walk me through how um the proformas are calculated because they don't autofill. I don't know if I if they're supposed to or not. &gt;&gt; They should. Uh, what's the email address again real quick so I can make sure that I pull it up from the team. &gt;&gt; New comp wi at proton. &gt;&gt; Uh, so n uo k o m p wi &gt;&gt; n uo. You said &gt;&gt; correct. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. pull this one up right here. &gt;&gt; I'll just pull up one of them so we can take a peek at it. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; All right. So, this one's in Milwaukee. This was the one you had for a million bucks, 12 units. And I know that they had highlighted a couple things here. I think you'd had this price a little bit higher, but um kind of walking down through these things, it should be autopop populating. I mean, if you're changing the price here, I mean, that's going to be changing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. I noticed the proforma doesn't update anything if I put information in anywhere &gt;&gt; really. So if we do one two &gt;&gt; drops that it's changing all these numbers here. Um &gt;&gt; yeah it's changing everything here. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; okay what about on the expenses and the rents then? Is that supposed to change or do we just &gt;&gt; No. Yes. Everything in Yes. Just heads up. So everything in blue is editable, &gt;&gt; right? Meaning it does not have a formula. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Everything not in blue is formula based. Correct. So like on these expenses, &gt;&gt; these are manually input here, right? So these would unless you manually change them. What's that? &gt;&gt; I did that. Correct. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Do would we just would we just estimate like a three or a 5% increase yearly on that then? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that would come over here on your on your uh your expense bumps, right? So you both on rents and expenses. So over here it's 2% bumps per year on that. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then you'll want to download. We updated these ones here. So that way it would actually pull this in. And this is updated in your portal. Now um for whatever reason that was pulling in a hard number, but that's been fixed. So that has been updated in the in the u the deal analyzer in the portal now. Um so that's there. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; But that should all pull. It doesn't change it a drastic amount, but it's it it does change it a little bit. Um, but then yeah, coming in here, you were at a million on that. So, getting that in line. I mean, you're definitely starting to play ball right around there. Um, so this one ideally, you know, all things being considered, um, you know, a million dollars is ideal for this thing. ideal if you can get it for that. But your expense ratios are good. Uh it was just double-checking the insurance. It seemed obviously super low. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; So looking at those numbers, I know they highlighted those. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's what they &gt;&gt; That's what the broker put in there &gt;&gt; on the which Yeah. This is this is one property out of seven. I believe they have 73 doors. They're getting rid of their whole portfolio by the way it looks. &gt;&gt; Um, so the other properties I did, they they were obviously a lot better on their insurance estimates and I don't know if they're covering this insurance with a different property or something, but &gt;&gt; there there's possible. Yeah, there's there good possibility they have a blanket insurance policy amongst the properties because that's how you you drop the insurance costs. So, you want to ask that question. But that was just kind of a flag that got brought up. So you can ask that to the brokers and say, "Hey, how are they getting the insurance? Is it crossc collateralized amongst multiple properties to lower the insurance premium?" That would make sense if they have that portfolio. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; But you but you're not going to be able to underwrite to that because the minute it comes out of the portfolio now, you're going to be paying a real insurance policy. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; So, and any anybody's going to have to deal that deal with that. So, &gt;&gt; so basically the yellow highlighted areas are when I get them back, the yellow highlighted areas are just things to look at and double check and &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah. And I know and I saw in the email they sent out to you, you know, the yellow highlighted cells to look at. Hover over the cells and the red arrows to give yourself some guidance. Um, and then make sure you do download that newest version of the analyzer. It's stated in there so that way it calculates that number for you. Um, but yeah, insurance was kind of the flag. Everything else was put in here. You know, you did good on your numbers. So, everything else looked real good, but it's, you know, it's double checking this one for sure because your expense ratios overall were fine. Uh, so I mean, the process you're using to underwrite is good. So, I mean, you're putting in the numbers in the right place, using the right numbers, and and following the guidance. So, it's going to populate, you know, decent data for you to see if those deals make sense. And do we get any feedback of basically uh yes this deal makes sense or no this deal does not make sense at all or &gt;&gt; it can yeah we tries to avoid to do is you know is say hey yeah like do the deal right or don't do the deal but the you know the guidance really is in these in these ranges so that way &gt;&gt; if the property sits in there um you know that it's a good deal. I mean it's it's pretty simple mathematics that hey if it's in that range of 6 to 10% which in this case it is and your equity multiples in there and your IRRa is there everything align. So that tells you yeah that's a pretty good deal and if we can pick it up at a million bucks or you know a million50,000 let's go for it. So I'd be writing an LOI on that if it's a property you like right and everything else kind of pencils out with good location. Uh, but I would absolutely write on that thing and see what happens. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you bet. &gt;&gt; Cool. Um, anything else today on these deals? I wanted to focus on the deals and underwriting. I see Joshua in there. What's up, Josh? &gt;&gt; I had a question. Um, can I I looked at your financial classes and I didn't find something that broke down the LPGP split and all the hurdles like really break it down where I guess I can understand it. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; You know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let me do this. Um, let me pull up whiteboard here. because I'm at the point now where I'm looking for investors and I want if they ask questions I need answers, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, sure. So, in terms of like an org chart, right, just to kind of give you an idea of what it would look like, right? You're over here as a GP and an LP. So this is you as a GP and let's say you're getting 30% of the deal hypothetically for a minute and then over here 70% and that's the LP they're also getting say somewhere between probably a six to 8% preferred return &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; I understand that completely &gt;&gt; yep so in terms of how like the waterfalls typically work. Let's say you had $10,000 in cash flow coming out of the deal. The preferred return gets paid first, your prep. So that gets paid first and then once that's paid, then it splits, right? 3070. &gt;&gt; So that's the first hurdle. I thought there was two hurdles. &gt;&gt; Depends on how you structure your deal. Most deals would have one hurdle, right? And then another hurdle could be that this one is only until you hit a 15% irr. &gt;&gt; Okay, maybe that's what it was, &gt;&gt; right? But we haven't set up the perform or the deal analyzers that way. You can add it. There's one more hurdle in there if you do want to add one more hurdle. So this 7030 split maybe only until it's a 15% IRRa to the investor and then it goes 50/50. So that's the other option. But in terms of how that money flows out of there, that's kind of how that waterfall is going to be. Um and how you would describe it to any investor is you'd say, "Hey, it's a 7030 split. 70% going to you, 30% to us as the general partner. you get a preferred return. Let's call it 8% for simple math. So that gets paid first and then the profit splits after that. If there's ever a sale or a refinance or anything like that, your return of capital happens first, then profits after that. &gt;&gt; Return of capital is their original say 100,000 and then and then it goes into a 30 70 split again. &gt;&gt; Correct. So for yeah, when you have a capital event, &gt;&gt; you you do Yeah, correct. You do the return of capital, &gt;&gt; preferred return, then the splits. &gt;&gt; Okay, I understand that. That's that's not as hard as I thought it was going to be. All right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Whenever there's a capital event, meaning a sale or a refinance, it's typically return of capital first, then the preferred return, then the profit splits. And then you'll see that if you actually go into the legal documents in your portal into the download section. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I did. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You open up that PPM in the offering and you scroll down to where it has the uh breakouts for how the U splits happen. There's two sections. There's one for cash flow. There's a second section for a capital event. That capital event is how you uh return capital to investors. And that's a pretty standard boilerplate used 90% of the time split system in terms of investors. You could get more creative, but for your first deals, you're going to be using this 99.9999% of the time and then you can get more creative later. Yeah, &gt;&gt; copy that. All right. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you bet. You bet. &gt;&gt; Justin, could you &gt;&gt; Great question though. Could you walk that through all the way the $10,000 all the way down? Is this like a Okay. per month, a per month payout. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, let's say it was it was um paid out quarterly, right? So, let's say the property is producing $10,000 a quarter in free cash flow, right? So, in terms of how that $10,000 would get paid out, it would pay the preferred return first. So it' be 6% or eight, let's call it for this exercise, let's call it 8%. So 8% on the equity. So let's say there's I don't know $400,000 in equity in the deal, right? 8% on that is is that 32 grand a year? Is that right? That's right. 400,000. Sorry. 08 times 400,000. I'm pretty sure it's um Yeah. 30. Is that right? No. 08 times uh 400,000. There you go. 32 grand times three. So about 8 grand, right? What's wrong here? Um eight grand would come out first. that would pay the pref. So 8,000 of that 10,000 gets paid. Now you have $2,000 left over and then you split that 7030. Okay, 7030. Now keep in mind, as we've discussed in the past, you are actually your own investor. What do I mean by that? If I come back up here, let me wipe all this out real quick. When this thing gets structured, you're actually going to buy shares in your own deal. So, let's say for a minute this was 400 grand. That was the equity in the deal. Hit the wrong thing there. There we go. 400K. That That's the equity in. Okay. So, you technically are going to be bringing in 40 grand. Okay. So, you have all your investors over here. Think somebody's writing on this thing with me. Hold on one second. Is it Joshua? Oh, let's put that off. There we go. Um, so you'll have your investors and then your money is actually going to be an investor in your own deal. So, your 40k is over here. So, that way you're getting paid at the same time your investors are. Does that make sense, Craig? Right. So, you're getting that benefit as your own investor in your own deal. In addition, you're also going to get this here. So, you kind of get to double dip and play both sides. And you can invest as much or as little as you want in your own deal. Like, if you want to come over here, invest 80 grand, you know, put in another 40 and invest some more money, by all means, right? Right? Because you're getting paid the preferred return and your percentage of the 70%. You're literally your own investor buying shares in your own deal. And then in addition to that, you get this bonus over here, this 30% on top of all this. Make sense? And that's a great way to kind of realize, hey, you're getting paid just like your investors are. &gt;&gt; So, there's a benefit to you producing well. And then in addition to that, you get this 30% general partner bonus. Hey Craig, if you go to appendix C, it's page 18. That's what I've been looking at. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you, Josh. &gt;&gt; Yeah, on on the downloads, appendix C, page 18 and 19. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that'll be your PPM doc. And then you can look at kind of that that legal mumbo jumbo language that's in there for that. um because you would pretty much mimic that in terms of the waterfall. So awesome everybody. Cool. Well, yeah, I hope this helps. I mean, we'll go over this again and then if you can hop on on Thursday, Friday or Saturday, maybe even just one of the days if you want to come in the workshop. Uh day one is more kind of mindset stuff and then talking a little bit of capital. Day two would be a great one because we're going over the finding, analyzing. I'm bringing in a bunch of speakers and stuff for that. Um, including Rudy, who's kind of really a sophisticated capital guy, uh, who was my mentor into the space, uh, and was Grant Cardone's partner, uh, here in San Diego, and Grant Cardone got started here in San Diego. So, that'd be, I mean, a great, uh, little 40-minute session with him and a handful of other speakers and stuff, too. So, but yeah, love to have everybody in there. So, any other questions before we pop off here? I got to run a few minutes early today, but &gt;&gt; yeah, I got another question. &gt;&gt; Another question as Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Finding investors and stuff. Would you recommend like angel.com or any of those any of those websites? &gt;&gt; You know, I don't you know, typically what I mean, how I got started was, you know, I literally wrote down a list of 25 people I knew. Whether or not I thought they had any money or not was irrelevant. It was just 25 people that I could send the deal out to. And then I literally put the pitch deck together and I emailed it out to them. And I I didn't ask them for the money. I said, "Hey, I have this deal in escrow. I've locked it up. We're closing in, I think, 65 days. We're raising about $400,000." Kind of gave them the whole pitch deck on it. Who do you know? Who do you know that may have some interest? Right? So that way you pull it away and then they're going to look at it and say, "Oh, I may have some interest." And that's how that process will start. It's always great to build it internally, whether you think you have the people or not, but building that internally because most of your deals are all going to start with $25,000 minimum investments. So, you're not looking for like asking for a ton of money, you know, some crazy amount of liquid capital, you know. So, $25,000 minimum investment into your deal gets you a projected return of, you know, 15, 16, 18% a year on your money, and you don't have to do anything for it. And you're going to move it into real estate. and then on top of that you're going to get all the tax benefits and here's these tax benefits. So stuff like that is a huge selling point to attract people in. But that would be my recommendation is to build it a little bit organically and then use our community. All the above. So that's why you know we'll pitch deals and talk about deals to see if anybody has interest. Um that's what it's here for. That's what it's here for. Um I saw one other question in here. I have a question Justin. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Hi. Um okay. Um uh we received an again uh from one of the previous deal that the broker back to us and said that um is it still available? Uh it's uh for um for one of the yeah arc at cond. Uh so when we were reviewing I was just confusing about the T12. I um I wish I can share with you to see the um the expenses and the income at the end. So some months it's just showing the income after expenses the net income. For example, for 12 units the income is just about uh $4,000 or $5,000. Um I'm not sure that this is a good number. I I put it in the deal analyzer but at the end when I'm looking at do you think that this is something that good to work on that because the income monthly all the range is about 6,0007,000 after all the expenses of course uh the net &gt;&gt; yeah I guess we'd probably have to look at just look at the data and the numbers I mean it's kind of hard to guesstimate at it now without diving into the detail with it Um, &gt;&gt; I would send it again to you, please. Um, &gt;&gt; have you re-reviewed it because I know the team's probably responded to that. Have you re-reviewed that? &gt;&gt; Yes, you did review once and but they sent it a updated uh numbers. &gt;&gt; Financials. &gt;&gt; Financials. Yes. So, they asked us to review it again. Um, so I just wanted to double check with you guys. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you. Awesome everybody. Well, I appreciate you all coming in and hope you have a good rest of your evening and hope to see you guys on Thursday. Thanks Justin. &gt;&gt; Thanks everybody. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; You take care.