Testing. One, two, three. Hello. Hello. Come on in. Happy Tuesday. Happy Tuesday. Some shiny faces. Good to see everybody. Hope everybody's having a good week so far. Anything exciting? Anything exciting going on? I know everybody's working on some things in here, so that's great. [Music] Um, but uh yeah, chime in and we'll uh kind of let the Q&amp;A Q&amp;A start as we uh I don't Does my is is my Zoom thing get a little patchy or is that just me? It looks okay. Okay. Sounds sounds okay. Yeah. I don't know because I mean internet's great. So what's going on? Uh Henry, good to see you. Beautiful. I know John's coming in here. Perfect. Um so yeah, kind of opening up to some questions and answers if you guys have them. That's kind of what this thing is designed for every Tuesday is to be less teaching, more kind of listening and then, you know, answering direct direct questions you guys have about either some of the deals you have, uh, what you're trying to accomplish and that kind of process of finding and analyzing capitalizing deals, um, and or walking through any kind of the course stuff that you may be stuck on to, uh, to get you through it to the next stage. So, kind of opening up to that. John, how are you doing? Good. How are you? doing well. Uh, anything exciting on your end? Oh, a little frustrated. Everything I I think I want to buy it they seems a couple of my getting there first couple days and it goes guy pays cash for one that was down by Kansas City went in one day which I thought was really strange. Um, so that was a what kind of deal was that? Talk about that. 32 unit um in Bonner Springs. It was supposed to be that new Mattel or whatever. Uh, I can't remember Mattel. some big thing in that path. Also not pretty close to some of that development down there in the northern side. Okay. And uh anyway, I got information day one and got it all and she goes up, it's already sold. Yeah. Cash. Uh cash. Talk to me about the the the broker. Um talk to me about the broker and kind of that relationship with that broker. Well, I've talked to him several times on the on the phone. I've got uh I I'm on their mailing list for sure. I've just gotten about six properties from him yesterday. Okay. Um so I'm getting that that accomplished. Um what I really need to do and I know is what I need to do is get down and like you said spend a couple days in a couple different markets and get some of that back in stuff that uh because everything you like you said when you try on Craigslist or Loop Net it's pretty tough to make most of that work. Um Yep. So I don't know. And then I've I found a property down um a resort kind of thing where maybe goes a nightly rental kind of deal with nightly slash um you know regular rental. So hopefully I'll check into that a little bit. Not in my normal where I do it but okay well we'll see. So trying to go forward. Yeah. No. Yeah. It's but this is kind of that and I talk about it all the time. you get this resistance point where like you're you're right at the you kind of the precipice of a deal landing not landing things happening not happening can get a little frustrating sometimes and you got to push through that um because usually you're you're right there and it ends up becoming what I call the compound effect because you're doing all the right things right and I mean the only other steps you can take is to kind of dig in a little further and and actually go down to those markets and meet with those brokers face to face because there's just no there's no uh you can't really change that, right? I mean, there's no uh better way to connect with people than face to face, right? Even through Zoom, right? Um it's just there's no uh you forget the what's what's the word I'm missing here. There's no replacement, I guess, is the way the word I'm talking about for that. a lot easier to build a relationship face to face than I mean than just over a telephone. Correct. I mean, you know, that's definitely step one. But if if if you can get bellyto belly, you know, they're going to just get to know you as a human being and then you start to see these deals happen that otherwise would not. Um, and I know, you know, Tonyy's seen that. So, the other ones in here have seen that happen. So, you're you're you're staying you're doing the right things. The process is good. Um, yeah, you just got to keep fighting through any of this kind of resistance points. Yeah, we'll keep pushing. I I'm definitely getting one or two this year, so that's what's going to happen. I love it. I love it. Yeah. And you should um Does everybody here have a vision letter? Do you guys know what a vision letter is? Board. Have a vision board? Yeah. Yeah. And I'm not sure if I want to sh because that's very personal if I show you mine, but uh everybody should have a vision letter. So, the vision board's great. Uh, Luis, uh, a vision letter is even better. And what you do both, right? I have both. But a vision letter is is literally a one-page letter written to yourself with three paragraphs in it. There's a personal, professional, and like health, wellness, spirituality paragraph, and it's written in the forward tense, you know, foreshadowing December 31st, 2025. And you're going to literally write to yourself as of all the things that have happened. And you're going to be as detailed as you can, keeping it to one paragraph per section on one page. And then that's going to be read every single day. Every single day you're going to read this thing. And what's going to be scary is stuff's going to start happening and you're going to start checking stuff off this little letter. And by the end of the year, it's pretty scary. It's pretty scary. So, I would uh do that, you know, John, is to, you know, in that professional category right in there and be very specific about it. See, I've closed on two multifamily deals, you know, a a 20 unit and a 25 unit and they're in the Missouri market and I was able to raise, you know, $700,000 between the two properties and take it down and now I have multi-million dollars worth of assets in the multif family category. and just be as specific as you can just like that. And then you have a personal one and then you have a health spirituality paragraph. Um, and it's it's pretty crazy what happens. So, I would highly recommend that. I've been doing it for years and it works. It works because what it does is it helps you put yourself mentally in the place as though it's already happened. And because what that does is create emotions and feelings. And when you create those emotions and feelings, then this is kind of weird stuff. But then you have the vibrations and the frequencies of the universe align. And then that stuff starts to show up to you. Usually when you just ask the universe for things, that's like step one. Like that's really cool. But if it's not in alignment, if you actually don't feel some of those emotions as though it's happening, it's really hard for your body to send out the right frequency levels to align and then stuff to come back to you. It's it's just crazy. I don't know how to explain it other than I mean I I remember like the times that I wanted to get things or if I wanted to sell certain houses or do certain things, I would literally put myself in that environment. Um, like I've always wanted a 911 target Porsche, right? I don't know. Just always been my favorite car. 911 Target Porsche. So, as of this year, I've been go I went to the dealership like a week ago. I literally test drove one, drove it around. My buddy Skyler has not has one and I went over to his house and I just drove it around because what I'm doing is I'm creating that emotion and the feeling as though it's already happened. And then what? It's just weird like the universe will start aligning things. So go around to the apartment buildings, drive by some that you would like to buy, write them down, look at them, get yourself in the emotion of it actually happening, even to the sense of imagining an escrow opening and putting yourself in that environment as though you've had an accepted letter of intent that's signed by the sellers on this 27 unit apartment building. You know, stuff like that, right? because you're creating that emotional effect which your body vibrates and I don't know how to explain it other than it'll align with frequencies and then stuff will start to pop. It's pretty scary. I have to try it. Every time I drive by by one I'm think I' I'd like to have that one. Start counting water heaters and electric meter or I mean AC units, electric meters and see how many units it is and just kind of you just start noticing all that stuff. Yeah. And and uh you know George said it right. It's you know it's God right? Right. I mean, if you're a faithful person, uh, which I am, I definitely believe in that. So, um, yeah, dead on, right? You know, you can call it universe power, up, down, left, right, whatever it is. It's higher something. So, you can call whatever you want. Um, but it is it is wild because it does work. Um, so I would just encourage everybody to to, you know, practice that, write it down and and read it. I mean, does everybody have like a little bit of a morning routine? I don't know if time people typically wake up in the morning. I'm curious. Is it 5:00 am, 6 am, 7 am, 4 a.m.? 5:30 a.m. 5:30. Okay, that's good. It's good. Uh, what does kind of your morning routine look like? Just walk me through it if you have one at all. Um, so just in general or related to anything specifically or just Just in general. Um, pretty boring. I just uh get up, pick up my to-do list um next to me on my uh on the counter next to the bed and um go out, take a shower, eat breakfast, um you know, um look at my to-do list again. Yep. Put it in my pocket. Yeah. And then I got dressed earlier, so that's I skipped that part. That was the first thing. But um and then hop into the car and go to work. It's pretty much it at a high level. Yeah. And then um do you uh do you read? Do you do any meditation? Do you write anything down? I'm just kind of curious. I know you have your to-do list and stuff. You have like do you have coffee? Do you Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah. I have coffee probably every other day and then um but I do most of my reading at night like you know last night I um I um did a practice going through the um you know a deal that I saw in Krexy you know I didn't they were accepting offers literally until that night and closing it off and they um but they had a deal mentioned there they had a you know just a flyer mentioned with an average rental rate of like 830 a month for a 24 unit building, but they didn't have like the um the rent roll attached or any specific. So, I was wondering why they were just, you know, accepting until 5:00 and maybe they just um I don't know, uh did you how long had it been on the market or I guess maybe not even on the market. Yeah, it wasn't on there for that long. Maybe about a month and it was in Columbus, Ohio. And it's um I'm looking at my Excel here. It's let's see I don't have the date that it was posted, but it was um it's at 515 Riverview Drive in Columbus, Ohio. And um but I went through that and I I got stuck on the um the deal analyzer and then I I went to bed. But I was going to ask a question later about it, but but anyway um I read at night and um mostly on uh you know real estate um topics. So Okay. Very good. Beautiful. Um did you have that question on the deal analyzer? Um, yeah. Um, so I don't I'd share my screen, I guess. I have Oh, there we go. Do you want me to share my screen or you want to try? Do it. Yeah. Okay. All right. I hit share. Not seeing anything yet. Um, not yet, but it should be popping up if you did the uh show chose the window you wanted. Yeah, it's not showing to share with others. Oh, please save a copy of our file to an online location and change the file type. Is it just trying to share a window? I see Rose just came in. Good to see you, Rose. Um, yeah, it's not. Yeah, I haven't shared in like years with anybody. I'm not sure why I'm not seeing one. But anyway, I guess on the on the question um for the um in the bottom right hand corner within the annualized expenses, it's got like marketing and payroll, I guess. Um I guess what is that part of? I guess if it's you're talking about the expense the expenses portion. Yeah. Annualized expenses. Yeah. Because it's managed. I've got that part in there. Yep. Already. And that's they take care of the the marketing within that piece, right? Uh depends. So it depends on uh your property manager and the type of property. So if it's a little bit of a larger property, you actually may have payroll, meaning you have an on-site person on the property. That's why you'd have payroll. Oh, correct. All right. But it may not apply, right? It may not apply. Same thing with marketing. Depending on the size of the property, you may have a separate marketing budget versus the marketing budget through the property management company. Got it. Okay. All right. Thank you. Break that down. Hey, Rose. Yeah. Do you have any questions? Good to see you. Uh, good to see you guys. I'm just here to um, you know, I'm new. I'm just here to listen in so I could hear the type of questions that the other students are um are asking. But um yeah, I I'm still on week one just trying to um figure out my market. So beautiful. Uh when in which what couple markets are you looking at right now? Well, I'm comfortable in um Cleveland and Akran. So I and I already have um a trusted PM and contractor there. So um but I am I would like to explore. So if anybody has any insight of like where they've tried but um for me the way I found Cleveland is I ran numbers and that's how I found the market. So, I figured the first thing I need to do is um find the market based on, you know, population growth, job, crime, and all of that. And then, um start running numbers. Um cuz if it doesn't make sense, then I have to skip that market. I want something that makes sense. Yeah. Were you here? I think it was was it last week that we we messed with chat GPT? No, I just um this is my first time. Um it was great actually because I've started using it um because the data is getting so good, right? And you could go on chat GPT. This is a great way because in the past you'd have to go to the individual websites and then try and find all the data, right? And extract all the data from all the websites. Well, with AI, it's getting so good that you can go to Chad GPT and ask it. I mean, say, "Hey, can you pick out the top five markets in this little region?" You can take the United States for that matter, and I'm looking for population growth north of 1%, job growth of nor 1%, and median household income at 60,000 or more that are great for multif family investing and list them out for me real quick. And you kind of start there. You prompt it, right? And then it's going to give you the list and then you can dive a little deeper into that question, dive a little deeper into that question, and really hone down the markets. And I think last week I found out Indiana, Indianapolis, Indiana was a great one. Uh there was a few others on there. Um but you can do it depending on how you prompt it. But very very very good. I actually basically have a conversation with it like you'd be asking me and it's it's wild how how good it can be. Yeah. Yeah. I actually wanted to ask about this Justin. I I use Gemini. So it's another one uh I got in my phone and um I basically Yes. um prompted like by asking about population growth, the fact that I'm in San Diego, what would be a market somewhat close and I'm thinking for myself as like first investment maybe going around a million dollar 10 unit something like that and uh it came up I think it looked like the best option for me was uh in Arizona and so starting to look a little bit into it. So, I wanted to know also from you what you think of a market like that being in San Diego or if there are like options that you think might be more suitable. Yeah, Tucson's actually a good market nearby. Um, even there's a couple mentees down there. Hayden and Matt bought a couple deals down there. Uh, there's a few others down there in that Tucson market that you can connect with. Um, and you can even go into the back end of the community and and search them out. I don't see if they're in here right now. actually doesn't look like it, but yeah, that would be a good sourcing right there. Uh, with Tucson's a good market. Came up with also San Antonio, uh, Houston, and, uh, and, uh, Austin, but look like they're more more expensive. If you want to be, you can also ask it to um, Rose, you can ask it, you know, to, hey, name the top 75 MSAs. Those are metropolitan statistical areas. MSAS in the United States and then break them down by in a list format, right, in terms of population growth, job growth, and median household income and listed in a chart for me. And then once it gets done doing that, then you can ask ChatGpt to, you know, uh, compare and contrast and then pick out the top five that are closest to you and then name where you're at, right? and it'll then wrap the ones closest to you and give you the list and then give you the actual data. It's kind of disgusting how good it's getting, right? Um, there is also this guy that I follow on Instagram that just like spits out all these new market. I mean, that's how I found you. Sure. Uh, who who's that? I have to scroll through. um he he buys only apartment buildings and um he would have I I'll send it to you once I find him and he would like check out the say say he will show a state and then he will literally pick this the the city that you know that's selling really cheap um apartment buildings um and where he's actually bought them and then is it is it invest with Ace by Sounds familiar. I got to check. I'm sorry. I don't It's been a while. I haven't been on my IG in a bit, but now I got to start. I only started IG because of real estate investment. I don't really like social media, but I do find it's very useful. So, yeah, absolutely. Yeah, it's it's crazy the stuff you can ask these days. So, I here I see Myra on here. How are you? Hi, it's Mariah. I don't think I've been able to introduce myself yet. I think last week we ran out of time, but hello. Technical difficulties on the desktop, so I'm on mobile. There we go. Hey, at least you're here. That's all that matters. Yeah, showing up is half the battle. This is true. Yeah. And really, you know, these little Q&amp;As's on Tuesdays are, you know, designed really just to be that less of a teaching by me and more of a Q&amp;A on questions you guys may have and putting it out there for, you know, 30, 40 minutes to talk about things that may be going on. We talked earlier before you came on about um you know having a vision letter you know because uh John John was kind of going through kind of that resistance point that typically happens around that 60-day 90day window or so and where you're kind of like man like I haven't I don't have a deal quite yet but I'm like doing all the right processes correctly and it just hasn't fallen quite yet. So it's just a matter of staying the course and allowing that compound effect to kick in. So, he's going to start now going down to the markets because I think that's some of that kind of that missing link to actually get bellyto belly with some of these brokers and get a chance to just tour some properties. No different than we we teach and preach because that's going to really build that that pre-market offmarket opportunity where you're not getting bid out in a few days on a all cash buyer that probably did a 1031 exchange cash. Quite honestly, that's probably how it went down. Yeah. I mean, I'm only two weeks in, so I'm still in the let's pick a market phase. Sure. Yeah. And you're at that point where have you narrowed it down to maybe three yet or no? No, I kind of need to I I need to get on it and I need to kind of bounce some ideas off you guys. So, I mean, I'm in California, so um and I'm a mom of three, so the less far I have to fly, the better. Yep. Um I don't know. I was kind of throwing Colorado out there. I I I I Googled that it was a landlord friendly state. Um so I don't know what your thoughts are on that. Yeah. Uh Colorado's fine. It's a it's a fair I call it a fair landlord tenant state. Um you know Arizona is good nearby you. Uh you just want to stay within a direct flight and no more than two and a half three hour flight max. So that's going to get you to the Midwest. That's as far as you're going. It's as far as you're going. What about Idaho? Idaho is great. The question I would only have there is is there enough deal flow like actual deals going on? Uh great state to invest in. It's just I don't know the volume of multif family apartment buildings. Would have to take a closer look at that. We have to actually look at that. I mean you could probably I'd be curious to ask this would be actually an interesting exercise right now while we have a few moments. One second. Let's do it. Let's check on Idaho. Let's see. How do you actually also find out what the plan is for the city? Like if like I wish I bought a property in Englewood. Yep. Back then it's got a really bad rep and now it's like oh my god I wish I bought a property in Englewood since you know Sofi got you know built there. So it's like where it's when I go to the city website so overwhelming. Any city so overwhelming. How do you find like what the plan is for the city? Yeah. Yeah. Let's uh we're going to we're going to we're going to use AI. I'm going to show you how we can do this. Actually it's pretty good. How many [Music] multif I actually use deepseek. I know it's website but I've been using it for work a lot. So sure. Yeah. I mean all of them technically depending on their models, right? Um but the right like the ones you guys use too. as of now there isn't any public available data specifying exact okay talked about rents um and then you're I mean you could almost ask like uh can you tell um can you uh research the uh development services website for um let's just call Boise just for simple math uh Boise Idaho and tell me uh where the best locations are to invest in real estate based on where the city is putting money and do um let's just see if it comes up with something. I'm curious. I just asked deepseek. It says Indianapolis, Columbus, Ohio, Kansas City, Cincinnati, Ohio, Milwaukee, St. Louis, which is very similar to um when I when I would do like single family home Detroit. I don't like Detroit. Yeah. So, Rose, you could come in here like I just did it for Boise, Idaho, and I said, "Can you research the development services website for Boise, Idaho, and tell me where the best locations are to invest in real estate based on where the city is putting money in development plans?" And it's literally drawing me maps of their development and their general plan and then telling me the top five locations in in and around Boise and then giving you reasons why. That's awesome. Then when I call realtors, you know, um they'll be able to give me sure they will. Yeah. I mean, if they're a good broker and realtor in the marketplace, uh they're absolutely going to know uh the areas and what's going on. So, um, we have a few minutes left. I'll get George, you there. Is it George or it's George or or Jorge? I don't want to butcher. As long as you don't call me when my wife calls me. Oh, I hope not, too. Either one's fine. Jorge or George. You know, my old computer here. I had my my camera worked yesterday with Zach. I was on I was on the phone with Zach yesterday. Yeah. I had a reboot and it worked. It's not working now. Uh, it was not work. It was working yesterday, but not today. I don't know why, but any questions? You know, I'm curious about Detroit. I know it's been down for the last 20 years. You know, when the plants closed down there, everything went downhill. I have no idea how the I how the market is right now. If anyone's here is give me insight into Detroit. I do love Indiana. I've been to Indiana several times. Pretty much every town in Indiana has a lot of growth except Butler is too small, but in Indiana have always been great. Low taxes. Here in Illinois, taxes are way too high. You might have find a good deal, but then it get you on the back end with with uh Cook County taxes. So, that's why I like to stick with Indiana. Uh but I'm definitely I'm a newbie. I'm still exploring different markets, but um Indiana. Uh definitely love Indiana. Just curious about Detroit. I heard somebody mention Inglewood right now. What states? I know there's lot of Ingwoods all over the country. What state was she talking about? Um so for Detroit I that was one of my market from my second mentorship. I would not go back there again. Um there's not a lot of good property management companies. Um a lot of students have complained about property management companies and without that it's really hard to to be successful. Um there's also um a bunch of contractors that's doing stuff for your house and then all of a sudden they rob you. So, I had to put a camera on my house when I was renovating it. Um, put a security camera in there, but um it's it's inside job because they happen to rob you right after you just finished renovation. So, they steal your water heater, your HVAC, all that stuff. So, I don't like Detroit just because of bad experiences and a lot of the um students actually complain about it. Englewood. I'm talking about in California, Los Angeles, Englewood, where the Sofi Stadium is. Yeah. Yeah. No, there's Yeah, there's a lot going down there. But yeah, with the um touching just on Detroit, yeah, outskirts and around in the uh in the Michigan areas are actually quite good. But yeah, staying out of that core uh maybe a good idea, you know. Yeah, there's an angle with Chicago. There's also an ingle with Florida. So, I was just curious which ingot you were talking about. I didn't know there was one in California. I saw couple couple weeks ago I saw 40 doors in Detroit uh vacant. So, I was very curious uh about the neighborhood. Been doing a little bit of research and so yeah, I know uh having 40 doors, you got to be careful with, you know, 40 different tenants. You know, you got to make sure gota do a lot of screen. Yeah. and they, you know, so the process for that, I mean, just so you understand, you know, really before you're taking down deals of any decent size that we're talking about here, 10 to 30 plus units, um, you need to plan a trip out to the markets. I mean, to give you an idea of what um um was it Matt or the other gentleman literally just went out to Houston and uh set up his his tour because when you're looking at a market, you're going to, you know, narrow it down, right? Three to one. And then you're going to say, "Okay, I'm going to plan a three-day trip." And that three-day trip is like a reconnaissance mission. And the whole purpose of that trip is to tour three properties, tour the area, also meet with a couple PM crews, and then get access to a couple construction guys. Like that's the entire purpose of that reconnaissance mission. It's three days, kind of two and a half because you're going to fly in on a Sunday, Sunday afternoon, do some of your initial driving, get comfortable with it. You may stay at a hotel or an Airbnb. You're going to have your appointments lined up for Monday with the properties and the brokers to tour them. And then in that, you're also going to preset up some appointments using the brokers to get access to a couple PM companies, property managers that they would use that you can interview. And you're going to go meet them and just say hi and introduce yourself. So now you have three brokers, three PM companies, and then those PM companies are also going to now give you access to renovation crews local on the market that their clients use to renovate their buildings. So now you have your little mini team and you have three, three, three. I call it, you know, you always want three bids, three this, three that. So now you have three. And now you kind of have a good feel in your mini little team pre- teed up. So that way when deals start to really flow and you execute, you're not catching your tail, right? You kind of feel like you're prepared ahead of the game. Does that make sense? Because that's kind of what you you you need to do in the market you end up choosing that you're going to focus on, right? And I always say stay say an inch wide and a mile deep. Inch wide and a mile deep, you know? So you can do your three and then you narrow it down to one and then you go and you got to kind of commit to it and you say and and listen, you may go into it and you find out, hey, it's not good. You can pivot. That's fine. But you definitely want to go in once you analyze it a little bit. Um Rose, you said something real quick. Oh, no. I didn't see uh George, you had your hand up still. Oh, there you go. I worked I worked the streets for 18 years. Um, I worked the streets meaning uh I I was an EMT, emergency medical technician and firefighter for 18 years. I'm disabled now. But, you know, different neighborhoods. Uh, you know, I obviously in Chicago there's there's great neighborhoods, there's poor neighborhoods, you know, there's poor people, rich people, medium people, but then you got one neighborhood in Chicago where you have a lot of drug use. Um, those I would probably keep away. You know, I definitely would never buy there because there's a lot of drug use there. But there's only one neighborhood in Chicago that's a lot of drug use. There's there's poor neighborhoods. Yes, of course. There's good neighborhoods. But then there's then there's drug neighborhoods. Those are definitely what keep away. Well, drunk neighborhoods or drugs? Drug drugs, you know, they take a lot of heroin, you know, they they look like zombies and I mean all over. So, I like to I like to use street view, you know, different every time. I know. But you're right. I should fly out there, but I love to use street view a lot. That's per, you know, you drive around with the street view and do a lot of uh find lotsize.com. I've been using that for 15 years. You know, I've I've leased out properties in the past. I used to manage I did a lot of things last 25 years being a business owner and firefighter and engineer and a lot of hats in my a lot of hats. But uh for 15 years, I've used fine lots.com where I would lease out a piece of land for truck parking and they would try to lease it to me as four acres. I find out to be, you know, it's three acres. you know, if I'm paying two grand an acre, you know, they're they're screwing me by an acre. So, you know, they find lotsize.com is 99% accurate, which is pretty cool. It'll give you point A to Z or you could do like all the way around the perimeter. It take it's 99.9% accurate. So, so like I said, I love to use aerial pictures. You know, you can see a lot of Yeah, that'd be kind of like the first from like a high level, right? Is when you're when you're looking at even a property for that matter. You got the aerial, then you go to the street view, but then you need to plan your trip. I agree. Right. And and when you chosen your market and narrowed it down, you're like, "Okay, I want really kind of this one or this one." Then you're going to do your three-day trip. And that's especially if you're doing it out of state, right? Uh because you need to get comfortable with that area a little bit and that's part of that process. So, uh one more question real quick. I think Rose, you said you have one more hand up real quick. Yes. Sorry, last one. Um, so what do you think about properties that are PSH or affordable housing? Yeah, like kind of like section 8. Section 8 and also PSH. Um, yeah, it's it's a business model. Turn that away like would you shy away from that um type of project or um not I mean yes and no. We haven't done that. I mean but it it is a business model and it does work. You just need to be prepared. And here's the way I would do that. I would only do the section 8 in my opinion professionally is if it was in my backyard. Like if I was in a market that was a good market and I didn't have to go out of state for that market, then I would consider the section 8 stuff because you need to be on it like white on rice, right? I mean, you've got to screen the living you know what out of those those residents because the only challenge with section 8 is not that you get the guaranteed check or the affordable housing check or whatever that is. You just need to make sure they don't burn down your building, right? I mean, because you don't know who's going in there. And I guarantee your PM company is not going to do the level of due diligence on it to really screen people correctly because the whole game with section 8 is making sure because your whole building's going to be it. And it's really hard to know how people live, how they don't live, how are they going to act, how are they going to treat the property, and odds are they're gonna they're going to destroy the place. there's a good chance, you know, it's just it's just being aware of that. That's all I mean because there are business models that work brilliantly and there's people that make a lot of money off it. Yeah, because that's that's what I renovate here in Cal in LA or PSO and affordable housing. So, I see like the type of people that that lives in those homes. Um, but it's but yeah, it's guaranteed checks like every Yeah, I mean there's that and that's the benefit, right? That's the benefit. It's just how much are you willing to put up with that and is it really worth it for your first deal or not, you know? And I don't know that entire answer other than I would only do it if it were in my backyard and I could literally drive by the property in 20 minutes. Yeah, I agree. Okay. So, and they'll tell you that when you call brokers, right? Like Oh, 100%. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean, they're required to, but you can ask the question. I mean, and when you look at the rent roles and the financials and stuff, you would know, right? I mean it would typically be disclosed like this is a fully section 8 or you know PSA property and stuff like that. Okay. Yeah. Or like in some cases they call it a litec that's that's another name thrown out for kind of an affordable housing type project and stuff. So Okay. Thank you. Well beautiful everybody. We'll see. I think the theme of today is utilize chat GPT. I mean, you know, I'm not trying to fire myself, but it's actually pretty good. And uh and surprisingly, if you have a conversation with it just like you would anything else and really break it down and prompt it, um it'll go do all the research for you. That's the best part about it. That's what I love about it is it will do an enormous amount of research and data collection for you to give you some insights. Give you some insights. I just saw um yeah, Georgia just put up in the chat just so you know if anybody wants like Florida, Oregon, Port Charlotte, stuff like that. Um yeah, and analyzing deals and all that stuff. So, uh he's got his number out there for everybody in terms of uh if you need help and and all that. So, then looking at 50-50 deals and stuff to partner on. So, ask everybody. Uh Luis, you have one quick question. We got quick question. What do you What do you think about Bakersfield, the Central Valley of California? Yeah, it's not it's not bad. I mean, that's probably the only one in Central Valley that I'd consider. I'd stay out of like Stockton or Fresno and stuff like that, but Bakerfield, you know, field. Yeah. So, chat, I asked chat, speaking of AI, I asked chat best markets in California that are going to be landlord friendly, and it actually told me Bakersfield was at the top. So, I just So, I thought I would Yeah. I mean, I've driven through there a million times, and it's growing. It's that's Yeah, that's probably the only kind of city along that pathway going up I think the 395 or whatever it is in in the five that I would consider. It said they said stick west anyway for what it is west of the 99. Okay, thank you very much. Awesome everybody. Thank you so much. We'll see you on Thursday. Take care. Bye.