Hello. Hello. Got everybody coming on in. Hold on one second. Cool. How's everybody doing? Happy Thursday. So, everybody's coming on in here. You who from Atlanta, Brian? Uh Brian, since you're coming in here, did you understand uh the website thing? So, your your templates are in the back end there. You have three actually. you because you've created three websites. I just wanted um make sure that you understood that um because in your back end you have everything uh in the original template as well. Um that's back there and have the team take a look at that. Um we'll take another personal look here. Um, yes. So, um, yes, I do I do understand that. So, what I wanted to show you was what's in there. Now, let me see if this one's been updated. Yeah. So, let me show you what I'm talking about. Um, me share this. Okay. So if you're seeing the screen, Brian, so in the back end in this is yours. This is literally your back end under websites, you have the three websites that Koya mean basically the two websites that Koya has created for you. This one called investment is the original. So that one has not been changed. So your original is there. Uh it can be restored and then edited again. That's not a problem. Um, and then you have these other ones that have been edited and set up for you. Um, this one here and then this one here probably what you're referencing because yeah, you have a bunch of them, bunch of pages on this site in here. So, you have the three websites basically, but this one is the original. That has not changed. That's still there in its original form and reset. So that can be um re-edited from that. Yeah. Um so um yeah. So that that are that is the three but that is the original uh the investment one. Then the other two are the ones that were created um for you on that. So um cool. Uh how's everybody doing? See everybody in here. Uh hyen good to see you. David Joe, good to see you. Joe Pointer and Joe Gibson. Joshua Kelly. Awesome. Let me move um I'll move Kevin to bringing you on as a panelist. Kevin's in here with the team so we can chat. He'll take notes and stuff in here. FYI. Hey Angelique, how are you down there in Florida? How's the Florida weather right now? Hopefully good. Uh Miguel, good to see you. doing here, Michelle, and so forth. Awesome. Yeah. So, let me um couple things we're going to go over today. I'm going to show you some of the back end just to kind of go through some things. I did want to use this uh road map thing that isn't finalized yet, but we're getting pretty close because I would like to get an update from all of you as to where most of you are at, you know, on this road map journey. And starting from the upper left. Oh, and this is actually a good uh good question before we finish this up. Would it make sense for it to start in the lower left and then snake up to the upper right? I'm curious. Or being upper left, meaning that, you know, the brain reads top, down, left, right. Uh, is that the best route? I'm curious because I've had different opinions on different ones from different folks. So I would like to know uh the current one. Okay. So upper left as the mind reads upper left going left to right, top to bottom. Got it. Okay, cool. That's what I figured cuz I'm like the human brain by nature like a book, right? We start upper left, go left to right, and that's just what we do. Okay, cool. Uh, good to know. So there will be a detailed sheet that's attached to this for each one of these uh call it milestones in the process. But for most of you right if you haven't had a deal yet locked up close and so forth right you've gone through the onboarding process setting up the business in a box which is the CRM and the website and the backend admin and all that stuff. And the reason why that's so critically important, as we've discussed many times, is because now it gives you some presence. That way, when you're actually about to get a deal or you're talking to lenders or you're talking to the brokers or you're talking to investors, they can go take a look at this little website and say, "Yeah, okay, cool. You got a little you got a official company set up." And they can see that. They can feel it. And it just brings that level of credibility. Even though you may be completely new, doesn't matter. But there's a way that we do it to give you some clout, right? Adding us as a strategic partner and so forth. And then you go to your market selections, right? And we've always talked about identifying three states, right? Or three markets, but typically three states. Then you'll narrow it down to one and then within that state, honing in on maybe a couple major cities, and that will select the market for you. And then you're working on in that market, calling the brokers, building rapport, analyzing deals, starting to get that deal flow set up on that initial outreach, and then you're setting up your your market trip, you know, to get out in there and get boots on the ground, as they say, to get comfortable with that market if it's not in your backyard. And if you live in a in a in a market that is a good backyard for you, and it is a landlord, you know, tenant friendly state or fair, I should say, then yeah, you're not traveling. you're already there. You don't need to worry about this market trip, per se, but you do need to set it up in the sense of you're going to drive deals, you're going to talk to brokers, you're going to look at properties, know the neighborhoods, know all of that stuff. That's a critical piece to it. And then you're moving on to the next stage, which is you're through this kind of concurrently, you're building this soft commitments, as I call it. So, like there's plenty of people out there online and because you're probably in the algorithms, you're getting them, right? Raise capital. How to raise capital, raise capital, how to raise capital. Oh, you do it before the deal, right? All that stuff. So, the way what what they're talking about when they say do it before the deal is what they're saying is you're going to set up the systems, right? The systems, which is this business in a box. You're going to get all the systems in place that attract people in. So that way when you're out meeting and talking to people and being around and letting them know what you do outside of your day job now you can bring them in and create a soft commitment, right? You can create a soft commitment with them. And that's really key and that's where this capital foundation gets put in place where you're starting to build the lender relationships in that market also through our vendors and systems in the back end of the portal soft commitments with your network and your database. You can also do that by sending out, right, a a sample pitch deck, right? So that's labeled in here, a sample pitch deck that can be sent out based on kind of your market and what you're doing to give anybody an idea of, oh, when I do have a deal, this is what it's going to look like, John. And so you can use that sample pitch deck to do that. Uh, and then all the social proof stuff that you do. So that's kind of setting the foundation for attracting money in. You have the systems and stuff and it all kind of starts with this business in a box and then weaves its way down to where now if you're out and about. I mean you could be anywhere. Grocery store, restaurant, friends in a backyard, bank. I mean anywhere, right? You'd be shocked when people ask you how you're doing or what's going on or what's new in your life. Don't just sell yourself short. Oh, things are good. Right? Right? I mean, you can do that, but I think you're leaving yourself short by saying you you should be saying you things are pretty good, man. I'm actually we're buying some multif family buildings. They're going to be like, "What?" That's going to open up the conversation, right? That's all you have to do. And then watch what happens, right? They're going to, "What do you mean about that? Like, what what are you looking? Oh, we're looking here and here and here. Oh, have you found anything? Or what's the pricing? Or how do you do that?" Or any of that stuff. Like, "Do you have any deals? What's the kind of returns you see on those things?" Oh, about 15 to 20% a year. Really? Like, so do you guys do you guys take investors or do you do it on your own? No, we do it with oursel and we bring in investors like people around us and people we know and stuff. Really? Okay. Wow. Like, do you have anything you're looking at right now? No. Maybe. Yeah. Okay. Hey, well, when you do, can I can you send it to me? I'd love to take a look. Yeah. Let me get your information real quick. Boom. Soft commitment. That's the point behind that because you're setting the foundation. It's really key. So that way when you have a deal, right, and you get into the offer negotiation stage and you have a deal, now you're not catching tail, right? Trying to go make it happen from day one. You've set up the pre- stuff to make that portion of raising the money during the deal faster. So when you see people saying raise the money before the deal, what they really mean is set up the foundation. So that way when the deal is there, you have this list, right, of soft commitments that you could send the pitch deck out to and then bring the money in, right? They've soft committed to you in a way. So does that make sense? Um Rose says, "Check bigger pockets for investors ready." Yeah, Bigger Pockets is good. Yeah, I've been on their podcast uh and all that stuff. And then obviously Beardy Brandon um Brandon Turner, I know him personally. Um, great guy, you know, he helped found and start Bigger Pockets back in the day. So, um, cool. Great. Yeah. So, this this kind of, you know, roadmap process will help you identify exactly where you're at and then we'll attach the details behind each one of these portions. So, that way you can kind of checklist that similar to your 90-day guide that you have, but it'll be specific to each section that you're seeing here. So you can match it up visually as you're going through it to see, okay, where you're at. And that way too, maybe you get off track. Maybe you start doing this and you haven't done this yet. I mean, in terms of number two, or you've done seven, but you're you need to go back and make sure, you know, two and three are set up. Stuff like that to kind of make sure you're in alignment with this road map. So great, perfect. Uh, another thing I want to show you too is in uh, for all of your kind of backends and stuff. Let me pull that up just so that way you guys fully know where to find some things when you're you're in the back end of your uh, mentorship thumbnail portal. Um, so what we did is, you know, we stuck all the downloads in here. If you just wanted to open this up, you'll see everything just a whole list of things, right? All these items in here. If you wanted it more categorized, that's why we categorized everything a little bit based on the different areas you're in. Finding deals, analyzing deals, financing in capital, and we put the download specific to those uh five pillars of the process. closing the deals and so forth, right? And then management and so forth. So, we put all those in there uh organized out based on the pillar or section uh in the process that you're in. Are you finding? Are you analyzing? Are you raising money? Are you closing? Like, where are you at? And the downloads are specific to those areas. Um, one thing in here I wanted to make sure of the capital side. Uh we'll put a thumbnail on this one, but we added in these two recent ones that you guys are aware of. One of them is the capital accounts tracking because people had asked, hey, when I have when I close my deal and I've raised the money, how do I track, you know, who has what if I don't have a software to do it, how do I track this? How do I track all the investors, their names, how much money they have in, what percentage they have, and then track the money payments and everything made to them over time and blah blah blah blah blah. That's what the capital accounts tracking Excel thing does for you. So, you can actually put in the investors, the five or seven you may have on that first deal, the money they gave you, it'll automatically calculate the percentages and so forth. And then each quarter, you'll see it broken up by quarter, uh, how much money you're paying out to them, and it'll track it. And if you paid them, obviously, it starts to reduce, you know, their money in the system, and you'll see that, right, as you go through that. So, that's the capital accounts tracking. Uh a couple questions here. Uh yes, you're welcome. Awesome. Does the road map include which module in the mentorship program? Uh yes. Yes. Meaning in terms of whether you're It's not even a module. It's more about a um um section like a pillar, right? whether it's finding deals, analyzing, raising money, closing, management, right? The five pillars. And so, yes, the couple updates we're making is to add, you know, which one applies to which as you're going through it, but it kind of speaks for itself a little bit, but we'll clarify it for everybody. Um, and then the personal financial statement. So, this was another thing that we want to just include for you because when you go to get your loan and apply for the loan for the bank and the lender, they're going to have you fill out a personal financial statement. And keep in mind, and I say this taxfully, so that way it's not fully recorded, but I know it's recorded. Um, be generous to yourself when you're filling it out. Okay? So obviously you can't lie, but be generous to yourself, okay? Because it is what it exactly is. I mean, they're not sitting there trying to verify it all. Obviously, you don't want to be fugazi fugazi on it, but be generous to yourself as you're filling it out. Um, and that's the personal financial statement because that will be one of the items requested by the bank. Um, well, meaning what you know, you can put in you just make sure you add in all your assets and liabilities and all that stuff. Um, but depending on what you own, property, stuff like that, you know, you can be generous about it. You don't I mean, you don't um don't lowball things, I guess, is what I'm saying. Round up. There you go, Michelle. Round up. It's a That's a good That's good language. I like that one. I like that one. That was good. That made me laugh. So, yes, but it's there for you. So that way you can download the personal financial statement template. You have it and you're ready to go. Um there's another one because there's a handful of things in here in the closing deal portion. So you have the closing checklist like the flow for closing a deal, the acquisitions checklist. I think this is the big one. There's a lot of stuff in there. Don't worry about it. But that's just to really give you uh detail on there. A sample purchase and sale contract. Um and then how to deal if you have multiple partners and so forth. And then the closing checklist and stuff like that. Um and that just make sure that's there. If any of you are co-general partnering and you're considering doing that, this uh GP split allocation allows you to do that and it's all merit-based based on you're going to get a certain percentage based on what you bring to the partnership. So that way you're not guessing. It's not like a 50/50. It's based on what you actually bring to the table. And then that way there's no infighting or issues going on. You know exactly what you're getting based upon your percentage in. So that's all important. Um, and what you can do too is you can take like any of this pitch deck template, like the template in here, and we've talked about creating a sample that we talked about. So that way when you go into the capital foundation portion where you're building soft commitments, you can send somebody out a sample pitch deck, right? Would be which would be of a um a um an example deal, right? I mean, it couldn't doesn't need to be a real one, right? It can look like it, but it's not a real one. And that'll put you through the exercise of actually doing the pitch deck. the first time so that way you fully grasp it and then be able to present that. Right? It's a great exercise to go through because that, you know, once you master that, no different than Julian did. I think you saw Julian the other day is he's in in on his his deal right now. Um, you know, he has a summary video set up, had the landing page done, had the pitch deck built, and he's rocking and rolling, raising the money as he's going into contract, right? right? And he's kind of put all that together so that way he's raising money as he's now going into contract and he has all of the themes and pieces in place that we've taught and and brought through. So I think that's really important. He's a great example and many of you are of doing that process. And so once you do it, you'll see it. You like, "Oh gosh, like that makes sense. Okay, let's all start to click because and don't have to be fancy." Like literally, you can do a Loom video kind of like this where it's you sharing the screen and you're sharing it as a PDF and you're just walking through the pitch deck, right? I mean, as anybody looking through it and scrolling through it and talking about the property and that'll it'll be a video that's maybe, you know, 15 minutes somewhere in there. Little summary video that then can be placed on to YouTube or anywhere else you want to host that video. And now you have something that you could send to somebody that's on the landing page, right? On the page for the property, right? That landing page specific to the deal. So when you send them, anybody a link, it's going to have the page for the property and the summary video with a button to click that downloads the pitch deck. And so that way, anybody that asks or anybody that has interest, you send them that link so they can take a look at it. And then it'll collect their information and now you have it and it'll go right into the CRM and now it's a follow-up game. Hey, what did you think about that? Hey, any questions about that? Right. I mean, that is the business that you're in when you're doing this, right? U cool. So, yeah, that's all in here. Any questions about anything else in the back end? So, that way you kind of know where everything's at and then it then it gets into the modules. Um, some people had suggested and I'm open to doing this. Uh, so that way it doesn't read 79 lessons because there's not 79. It's mainly because of all these, right? All the download sections. Does it make sense to move all of this to the bottom of here or to create an entirely new thumbnail that you would click on that says downloads in the back end of your portal? Which would you prefer? I'm curious. Chime in the chat. Either move everything to the bottom of this section or create an entire thumbnail that you would click on and it would have them all in there. So, a new thumbnail with downloads. Entirely new thumbnail. Okay. New thumbnail. New thumbnail. Okay. Well, that answers that one. Okay. Okay. Awesome. New thumbnail. Listen, man. Getting We're getting instant feedback. It's what it's all about. Um, okay. Yeah, we'll we'll create a new thumbnail. Put everything in there. Not a problem. And then that way you'll see a thumbnail just says downloads and you can go right into that, you know, whenever you need it. And quite honestly, when you come into this thing in the get-go, I would take all the downloads and put them onto a folder on your computer. I'd take them all off the back end so you have them in a folder for yourself as well. So, um, but yes, we will do that. We will do that. Perfect. Let me stop sharing that. Um, and what I wanted to go over with today and then I wanted to open it up to Q&amp;A and if you guys have some deals you want me to review real quick. So, keep that in mind. If you do, put that in the chat and then I can review that with you. Um, and or any issues you're going through, right, on anything right now. Let's let's walk through that. Um, but yes, in I want to show you guys kind of the because I always get the structure thing, right, around, okay, how do I structure it with investors, right? And I know we keep going over it, but you know, there's new people all the time, and I want people to understand how the how the financial and legal structure works with an investor when they come into your deal. Um, yes, Don, for the San Diego one, it is December 18th and 19th. Putting that in the chat. Uh, and we'll have exact uh location, but it's in San Diego in Mission Valley. Uh, we're getting a little spot reserved that's next to our office. uh in San Diego for those dates. So, we should be good to go. Should be good to go. That's December 18th and 19th if you're able to make it. If you're not, we'll do another one in January. And we're probably going to do one monthly, quite honest with you. A little two-day things where people can come in to do that. And that won't take away from our three-day deals that we're doing, you know, in Las Vegas, Dallas, and Charlotte, North Carolina. So, those will still still happen. Um, Brent, you don't need to sign up for it. You just need to let us know. So, if you're able to make that, um, yeah, just let us know either in here and Kevin can take your name for it. Um, we'll probably put out a little form here, uh, in short, but it's it's mainly just for everybody, you know, in the community and stuff. So, we'll send that out just to get a headcount right before. So, awesome. Um, Brian says, "You have a thought about trying to acquire an apartment this month or next. Could I close in three months? Yes, you can. Uh, want to make sure I have cash when you come down in April. Yes. Uh, you don't need to wait, Brian. I would never wait. It's great time now. The best time is now is yesterday. So, and um, and I say this in a strong way. Don't sleep right now. I know it's the holidays and everybody gets into their, you know, eggnog latte coma and all that other stuff. Now is the time, man. The Q Q4 is when you're setting up your business plan. You are doing your vision letter for the new year. You're setting all the intentions in place. Like now is the time. Um you get everything ready to go and and start moving now. You know, it's I I love it when people say, "I'll start working out January 1." Like that's the quintessential New Year's resolution, right? I'll I'll I'll start right after the holidays. And then it doesn't happen, right? And then that's why all the what do they say all the the uh new gym memberships they go skyrocketing now through January and then it all collapses by March and it's kind of funny but it happens every single year. So yes Q4 is a great time. Um I don't even I don't even put um Have you ever read the book uh uh the the 12week year? Do I even have it in here? I'll find it. But yeah, it's called the 12week year. The 12week year on Amazon, right? Buy this thing. Let's see if I can find it. The uh Amazon. You got Everybody needs to read this book if you haven't done it. Hey, this one right here. You got to buy this book. Everybody needs to have this stinking book. Uh 13week year. 13-week. I didn't know that even existed. That's a That's a bad number. 13. I'm superstitious. So, the 12-week year, uh what this is going to show you is it's not about this whole year thing anymore. People get caught up in January through December. It's not how it works. The 12-week year breaks it up into four years in one, which is why it's the 12-week year. It's like there's a year every quarter. And the whole point psychologically behind this is that they know the old term of if you give somebody what a week, they're going to take a week. If you give them a year, they're going to take a year. If you do your business plan and then you put in all these things that you're going to accomplish, right? And you put in dates and that's all cute, but then it all relies on it going into the end of the year now and then you looking back at it. But what do people do with most business plans? You create it so you feel psychologically good and then it goes in the top drawer of your desk or somewhere and then you look at it right now in December to think, "Oh, did I actually meet my goals?" Well, what this does is it throws that entire thing out of the out of the equation and it says, "No, no, no, no, no. You have you have uh four weeks." Like right now, you have four weeks to go get this done and that's it, right? or was it three? You have three weeks, excuse me. You have 90 days, right? You have quarters. So you have these four years in one year. So that way you're you you set the goal based on 90 days, not 12 months. And you set everything, all the tasks, everything you do, all the habits, everything you do within 90-day windows. And then watch what happens. Because if you give people 90 days, right, if you give them a week, it's just it's human psychology. It's what we do. So, yes, the 12-week year, great book. You should grab it, read it. Awesome. You'll love it by the end of it. You'll go, "Oh my gosh, this is incredible." And then if you stack that with this one, right, everybody knows this book. If you don't, you should get it by James Clear, Atomic Habits. Those two books alone will change your life. I know a lot of people say things like that, but it does. It's it's pretty powerful books if you want to build habit stacking and improve your habits, right, and what you're doing to change things. Um because it's usually not the goals that are the problem. It's it's bad habits. And we all know it. We all do it. All do it. And we're we're susceptible to it. Yeah. Hav Atomic Habits. Great book. Then follow that up with the 12-week year and you are going to be perfect for the new year. Oh, that rhymed. That was good. So, yes, I would recommend both those books. I've read them multiple times. I still have them. I've implemented a lot of the stuff that I do from those. And my business plan is built into basically uh four quarters. So, it's a quarter per year. So, I deal with four years in one. So, I don't even look at this 90day situation. So, yeah. So, let me pull up this little whiteboard and I want to show you guys the stuff that, you know, we've talked about in the past, but I want to bring it up again on the structure of deals both legally and financially, right? Legally and financially. And then you tell me, you know, questions you may have regarding it as we're kind of going through it. But this is a typical what's called an organizational chart. Organizational chart. And how the deal would be kind of put together is you would have the property LLC, right? So you create the property LLC and then okay, how does ownership happen inside of that? And it's really two two call two wings of it. You have your holding company that you already created, right? This is your investment holding company that's going to own between a 30 to 40% share of the property LLC. and it'll be specified right in the documents all about that. And then all of your investors, you know, the four, five, six, eight investors you have, they'll have their percentage, right, of that property LLC of their 60%. Right? So, collectively they own 60%, but they'll have their percentage, right, based in that. And that's all done what's inside of the legal documents on what's called a schedule A. And you'll see that if you go through the um the PPM documents, the legal documents that are in your portal and you go through that in the operating agreement, you'll see a a schedule A in there. That schedule A dictates all the percentages. Okay? All the percentages. So just so you you know that. But this is how a typical structure uh works out. And the reason I have this arrow coming down here, as you all know, the beauty of being a general partner is you get to double dip your deals. So this 40% or 30%, whatever the percentages over here that you're getting is a tip. It's called a promote. You get that no matter what. Okay? The money you bring into the deal, let's say you brought in 50k to the deal, that was your portion, your 10%. that actually buys shares, ownership shares as a limited partner in your own deal. I mean, you are literally your own investor. You're the first investor in your deal. So, you get paid just like the limited partners do. You get treated just like a limited partner does. And then on top of that, once you meet, right, the expectations, the returns, then you also get this 40% over here. So that's the greatest thing about being a GP, which is why your returns when you do this, they're probably going to be between 30 to 50% a year when you actually break it out. While the limited partners over here are going to be somewhere between 15 to probably 20% a year on their money. So you get to play this game here and you get this promote benefit here. Does that make sense? Thumbs up in the chat if that makes sense. I know we've gone over this before, but I want to reiterate it for for new folks and so you understand this. And I know you've seen videos on this and so forth, but that is the standard legal structure and financially how it would go on uh on the deal. And then in terms of how payouts work, right? Like the the the payouts, get to this here. I think I have that. But let's say you had, you know, $10,000. Let me get this make it a little bit bigger here. There we go. Let's make it even bigger than that. Let's say you had 10 $10,000 that was coming out of the property, right? What happens first is it goes to pay the preferred return. It's called the prep, the preferred return. So if it was say a 6% uh would that would be $600, right? So that pays that $600 first. Then what happens is now you have $9,400 left over and that's going to be split 60/40. So then 5,640 goes to the LPS limited partners and then 3760 would go to you as a general partner but you also get your portion right. So you get if you're bringing in if let's say that the total raise is 500k because that's what it would be if you were bringing in 50k that's 10% of that. So you're you're 10% of that right? 50 over 500. Yeah. You're 10% of that. So then so you're going to get you know it's going to be spelled out what each portion gets and then you're going to get 10% of that. So you're going to get another $564. That's going to be yours here. So you get 3760 plus 564 plus you would get your portion of the preferred return. So if you get you get 10% of that. So that's another 60 bucks. You see how this all kind of lines up now? So that's the benefit. So you get all of that plus 564 plus 60 bucks. So you get $4,384. Uh and then Michelle, you said what how do you gauge the preferred return on average for the market and it's a market thing? 6 to 8%. 6 to 8%. Um, yeah, I mean that's pretty standard. So, how do you gauge that on investor interest, right? I mean, at the end of the day, once again, you're trying to get to a collective return north, ideally north of 15% per year, right? to where your investor has a 15% irr on their money because that will entice money in because you have to think of it no different than yourself. If I came to you and I presented a real estate investment opportunity like this, but I was only giving you 9% on your money, you'd be like, "Okay, that's nice and some tax benefits, but like is it really worth doing that to take a little bit more?" It's, you know, it's medium risk, right? It's not risky, but it's medium risk. But why would I pull money out of my 401k or IRA or stocks or savings for 9% when I can kind of get 9% just sitting in the S&amp;P 500 historically is so why would I take risk and then it be illquid too? That's going to sit there for a couple years, right, before I can fully get it all back out. So why would I take that? You see that? So that's how that game works. So of course in order to entice that, this is why we back into these numbers, these metrics that we talk about and why the 15% is so important or 14 plus, right? 14 15% plus. Um uh can you be a GP if you're project manage uh if you're project manager of construction? Yes. So Rose asked, can you be the general partner uh when you're also uh managing construction? 100%. I mean that is part of it. So just to give you an idea of like um a typical like fees and stuff that I was getting. So let me I mean I'll show you a deal, right? Just to kind of show you just from feebased stuff. So we had one deal where uh it was a $12,900,000 deal. Okay. and we had $250,000 in it, right? That's our portion. We have a couple general partners in the deal, but that's our portion, our company's portion. So, the acquisition fee was $387,000 total acquisition fee. Okay. Now that got split between two people. So div or two two two groups. So we made $193,000 7 days after we closed the escrow. So 250 went in 193 came out. We were out of pocket what? 70 grand. 60 something. Yeah. 60 something thousand, right? And had control of a 100 plus unit apartment complex for $13 million. Then I also get an asset management fee. That's 1% of the revenue. Typical property like this is generating around, you know, 130,000 a month, right? So you can figure that out. Then on top of that, got a construction management fee of 8% on the renovation dollars. We had a $2 million renovation. So that was $160,000 I think. Yeah, $160k for managing the construction. Okay. And then uh on top of that uh there was another fee that we were getting uh for managing forget what it was. Oh, there was a refi a small refi fee um I think of 0.5% 0.5% of a $10 million loan on our refinance that we got. Right. So 0.005 times 10,500,000. So that was another 52k. Okay. That came out to manage that process to put all that together. Okay. So, yes, these are all the types of fees, you know, and there's other things called finders fees that you can get. Um, there's uh disposition fees when you go sell it. So, we don't have that built into our deals, but you can, and that's that's usually about a half point as well to 1%. Uh, finders fees are typically 1% of the purchase price to whoever finds the deal. Uh, there's capital raising fees. Oh, that's another thing we got. My bad. We got a capital B. Uh, so we did pay ourselves 2% uh on the capital raise. So we raised about $5 million. So that was uh I think it was 100 grand, but that was divided by two, so it was 50K. Okay. But you see, and this is all because the deal's big enough, it can handle it, right? But it's all it's all um in line with the deal size. Okay? So, obviously smaller deals, less of them and so forth, but that's the type of stuff that goes down on a larger deal. But you can see, I mean, and that this is before you even get to our cash flow and profits and tax benefits because we also got another $300,000 in tax write-offs. It's not even accounted for in that. So, we wiped out all I mean, we wiped out taxes, $300,000 worth. So, you see through the bonus depreciation and everything. Um, no, we do not give ourselves a finder fee. That's if you're if you're basically the general partner, you're not paying yourself a finder fee plus the acquisition. You get one or the other. Yeah. You don't get both. Um, uh, I mean, no money coming from me. My project management is my contribution. Gotcha. Uh so let me understand. I mean I understand you have no money coming from you. So you're bringing in the sweat equity right earned in. So typically you it's going to be 8%. Right? That's a typical fee for construction management. So you have to look at that and say okay what is that as a percentage of the construction cost renovation cost and that's going to be your sweat equity earned equity in that's typically how that would work unless you can negotiate something separately right that would be different than that um uh designate for finder fee uh it's just 1% and it's usually going to be somebody nonrelated to the general partnership. So, if it's somebody that just brought the deal to you, because there's people that wholesale, right? There's people that wholesale multifamily and they're out there. We we look at it. You can find the deals. You can not take them. You can pass them on and get paid, right? A wholesale fee, assignment fee, finders fee. It's all the same thing. It's all the same thing. And typically, that's going to be around 1% of the purchase price. Half percent to 1% of the purchase price. Yeah. And that's how that would work. So, as in the community, there's people that are great dealf finders. And if you can be a great deal finder, that's also how you can earn into the general partnership and you can also get paid a fee. So, you can get paid a fee and earn your way into a general partnership by finding a deal. I mean, I can tell you right now that if I found a great deal and brought it to the community and people took it up and I said, "Great, I just want to earn my way in. I'll take 5% of the general partnership side for finding the deal. Maybe a little bit of a fee, right? Little bit of a fee. So, a half point on fee plus 5% of the general partnership. And that way, that's for bringing the deal to the table. Obviously, I get paid once it closes. So, it's it's based on merit. It's based on what you bring, but that's very valuable. Very valuable. Uh, it is a onetime payment, Michelle. That is correct. Finders fee. These are all onetime payments. The only thing in here that's not one time that's recurring is the asset management fee. The asset management fee is paid monthly on the revenue collected. Revenue collected. Everything else is one time. Um I mean I guess technically it's it's I mean it's one time. The construction management fee is paid as you're doing the renovations. So it does happen over time, but it's a one-time thing. Yeah. Um, but that that's free. I mean, this is how you can kind of build in, you know, money coming in and out and in in these deals to have them be uh to uh reimburse you for your time and your energy, right? I mean, if you're going to be dedicating time and energy, which is what you're doing, you need to be paid for that time and energy. I mean, that's just, you know, because you you have a very valuable skill set that you're learning. And with that learn, now you can go in and run a deal and make people money. And that's extremely valuable when you have that skill set. It's extremely valuable. Um, but yeah, all great questions. So, does this make sense kind of how this kind of flow would happen here. I know I got a lot of writing on it, but yeah, if you had 10K coming out of that property, you would pay the 6% preferred return first. So, that's the 600 bucks. Then what's left over is going to be 9,400. I know my handwriting is horrible. I'm drawing with a pencil here. 9,400 left over and that's going to split, right? 40%. 60%. And that's how that would break down. So then there therefore but you're already sitting over here as a limited partner in your own deal. So right so that money comes. So, you're getting paid this plus this plus this plus the preferred return. So, you for that quarter make $4,384 on a small little deal, right? And that's that's the great thing about it. Uh Rose says, "Okay, to fellow investors, I am a senior project manager for multif family specializing in capital improvements." Love it. I would agree. Advertise if that's what you do, man. I mean, that's very valuable skill set. You know, people need that. Uh, you know, if they're kind of working through not having to manage the the uh renovation side of things, uh, as you're going through project management and renovation to get that property ready to go, it's extremely valuable. Um, the asset management is monthly. Yes, Kelly. Yeah. I mean, there Yes, you can take it monthly or you can take it quarterly. Either way, it's it's acrewing monthly. So, you can pay it monthly or for accounting purposes to make it easier, you can just pay it out quarterly. But it's uh it's accounted for monthly. Yes. Yeah. Great questions. But yeah, this is how you kind of operate and structure these deals. And uh I wanted to spend some time on it this morning again so you can kind of really grasp this. And you know when you're kind of talking to people, you understand kind of from a structure what this thing looks like, right? What it looks like. So that way when you're and this is very standard. So this is what your deals 99% of you your deals would uh would look like. Okay? Would look like because you're going to have a standard structure where you got the building. It's going to have its own LLC. Then you're going to have right a general partner, you and limited partners over here. You'll probably have five to six people in it along with yourself and that's how this thing will structure. Yeah. So, it's a great, you know, great to understand this. And then when you see this legally andor financially spelled out inside the legal documents, this is really all it's saying. It's really all it's saying. And then when you get to how the money's broken down inside the documents, this is really all that that money is saying, right? And it's saying this. It's saying, "Hey, when you have a cash flow or a capital event, which is this money here, this is how we're going to waterfall it." Which is why you see the waterfall tab. Waterfall it out and pay out the money to everybody. And it's all spelled out nice and clean. So that way there's no ambiguity and you know exactly what's going to happen when money's available. And so, and then the um and then inside of the um I'll stop this real quick. Inside of the back end here, when you go into Hold on one second. I'll bring it up and we'll finish here uh on the financing and capital. But when you get to this section in your back end, let me share this where it gets into the capital accounts tracking. Capital accounts tracking. That sheet is going to do a lot of this math for you. Okay? That's what that sheet is designed to do for you is to do a lot of the math for you. All you're doing is plugging in really that big number, right? that big number that I showed you, that 10K, and it should do the rest a lot of the other math for you. You'll plug in this guy, the 10K, and it should break out all that for each person in there. And and maybe in the next uh the next lesson, I'll pull that capital accounts thing up and I'll just plug in some numbers in there so you can see how it gets filled out. And I mean, it's all plug-andplay, similar to the deal analyzer. So, you would do that for yourself as well. and then I can walk through that for you. So, um Michelle, great job. Yeah, you have that six unit that we looked at. Great little building, by the way. Uh she has it in Virginia and we we had it up the other day. Um cool little property. I mean, I think I mean good little neighborhood, workingclass bluecollar neighborhood. Uh nice little property if you can pick it up the right way. Um and then yeah, so Relle, what you'd want to do is take minimum investments of 25K. So on your pitch dejack and all your documents and everything, 25k minimum. However, there's language in there that allows you to accept less. So you can take a 15k pop if it's the right person, friend, anybody that you want to, you know, give that out to, you can do that. But I would set the standard baseline at because what'll end up happening and it happens all the time and you want to be somewhat tactful that you know you're not your 15k investor. While it's it's not necessarily that much money, it's a lot of money to them, right? And so you don't want it to be like 50% of their disposable income, right? that would be a problem because if anything goes wrong with it, right? You're going to be getting calls 14, you know, hours a day and text messaged every 30 minutes to see what's going on. You'll be managing that to your your day. So that's why it needs to be when you're talking with, you know, investor, you know, making sure that okay, I'm not taking your I mean, you're not 25 grand and that's it. Uh type scenario. So, and in most cases, that's not the case, right? I mean, they're giving 25 because they may have, you know, 80 or 100, you know, liquid to them, uh, at that moment in time. At that moment in time. Um, Kelly says, "Is there a deal size where 6040 or 7030 goes?" Not really. I mean, I have always tried to go 6040 on my deals. I think that's fair. um if you need to move it to 7030 meaning 70 to the investors 30 to you or even an 8020 on your first deal to get the returns right at that 14 15% a year for the investors keep in mind you're an investor in your own deal so you're I mean you're benefiting from that too so but sometimes to get that first one across the finish line you may even have to go to an 8020 okay so don't let that stop you to get those numbers juiced to where that return for the investor is right around that 14% plus. You could squeeze to an 8020 and it's your first one. I mean, I even think that we did that on our first or second just to get the thing moving and then next deals after that we could, you know, give ourselves a larger percentage. So, it's just getting that first one across the finish line. So, great questions. Um, any last ones before we finish up here? Was this helpful kind of seeing this visually uh this morning a little bit at all walking through it? Hopefully it was. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. And we'll get this uh I also got your note too and I'll talk to Daryl on our team who downloads all of these after each class and then preps them and puts them up in the portal for everyone. I'll make sure he's downloading right the Zoom that has the screen share with it because there's like three versions and the last couple he's downloaded that didn't have the screen share. So I've let him know, hey, make sure it has the screen share attached to it. That's the whole point so people can rewatch this. So um cool. You bet. Uh valuable review on PPM structuring. Thanks. Yes. And we could also do and I'll pull up the documents and stuff too. We've gone through those in the past, but that's kind of getting into the portion of the process where, hey, you got a deal under contract and now you're getting into the closing process, right? That's pillar number four. Um, what does this look like? And this is kind of how the building's going to close and operate, all the legal and financial stuff. So, you bet. Cool. Awesome, everybody. Well, I hope you're having a good start to December. And then um I'll get with Kevin. We may set up a little quick form that we can send a link out to that, um you can fill out for December 18th and 19th just we'll get a quick headcount. Um another thing before we finish up, this is a cu question for all of you. Would it be helpful from the accountability side because we all need it, right? We all need it to send you a an a text each week, you know, from me and the team that would have a link to a form quick, like literally three question thing that would force you to just put quick two answers or bullet points and hold you accountable for the things you've accomplished for that week specific to your roadmap journey through the community. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Because we were thinking about that, you know, in addition to Zach and everybody reaching out and seeing how things are going and touching base, the accountability side. If there's something that would mentally hold you accountable to literally click and we'll make it super simple, like two, three quick questions that are probably one answer type things just to keep you in the momentum thought. Okay. Oh crap, I didn't do anything this week. which you know, listen, it happens. You get busy. But it's the point being behind it is what we're going to do is we'll tally it up and then you can kind of, you know, privately gamify things where we could say, hey, it looks like, you know, 80% of you, you know, are here and done this and this and this and you'll kind of selfch check. Oh crap, you know, I didn't, you know, I didn't do that this week and everybody else is doing it and oh, look at the success they're having. They found deals I haven't. like you can internally privately without calling people directly out keep ourselves accountable right so um uh Miguel we do yes so we and we've used the chat and stuff for that so in the back end of the app we have it sectioned out by region and everything so we were trying to get everybody to go into that so that way you could section everybody out by region so that's in the app currently the native app on your phone but then the chat is where everybody's been communicating easier you're using WhatsApp because everybody liked it. And so we wanted to make sure we kept that for communication purposes. And so what I would do is is you being Miguel where you're at um and then going into the Texas markets, but coming from where you're at is letting everybody know and just keep reminding them so that way you guys can connect on the investor capital side. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Appreciate the feedback this morning, everybody. Um, and then see here's one for free. What about the individual deal tracker? Um, so the individuals can track their deals and then the coaches view how people move. Yeah, let's take a look at that. No, not against that, Chris. That's a decent idea. Thank you. Um, yes, you may. So, uh, Angelique, let me I mean, you you have it in your back end. Let me show you uh Angelique before we finish up just so you know where to get it. Um this way. Hold on one second. Stand by. So, when you go into your back end, um, Angelique, just so you know, you'll kind of see something that looks like this. The mobile app and WhatsApp in your back end. If you click on that, it's going to have both options. Download the mobile app from either the Android store, right, or Google. So, that's that that option. or you can come in here to the WhatsApp and it's going to have the private link to the group. Uh I'd like you to go in and do that so that way you know where it's at. Um and that way it'll be easier for you if you can do that. So So you'll see that as a thumbnail right in your back end when you open up your back end. You'll see it in there and you can go right to it. Yeah, you bet. Cool. Yeah. Let me know if there's a problem with it so we can make sure you're getting in there. So awesome everybody. Well, have a great rest of your day and let us know if you need any help. We are here. We are here. Thank you.