Hello, hello, hello. Come on in. Put up on here in the chat for everybody. How's everybody doing? Happy Thursday. Good to see everybody coming in here. Jason, Johnny, Paula, Twi, awesome. Christian, beautiful. Chatna, good to see you. Hunter, good to see you as well. Rock and roll, Brian. Beautiful. Happy Thursday. Anything exciting for anybody? I see Marco coming in too. So, today a couple things we're going to do. Um Christian, I'm actually going to pull up because I saw it come across and um the team was responding to it. Um, I'm going to take your one on Indo Indola Avenue that you sent in. I'm going to throw that into the version 10 um, deal analyzer where we updated a few things uh, for everyone. Nothing really different than yours other than we've added and tweaked just a couple things. Uh, but doesn't change a lot, but would be good to have it. Uh, and we'll put that up in the system here for you guys. But I'm going to uh, put it over into that one. and then um then going to be giving some calls with some brokers. We're going to be going into Cincinnati, Ohio today and making some broker calls. So, we'll be doing that and then looking at your pitch deck as well um to kind of follow up. I was chatting with uh Scott Turner yesterday and um also a few others and making sure that you know this mock deal because he's kind of at the point where he's starting to write LOIs and send offers out meeting brokers talking to brokers in the Texas markets and so he's going to be setting up his market trip which is happening next week and to kind of give an idea of where he's at in that journey and where many of you we're at too and can be um kind of sharing the screen here is you know everything is set up. He's got the business in a box website CRM LLC everything's set up there. Then we selected the markets you know Texas and a couple others but mainly Texas. Um he's been establishing some broker contacts and um you know calling them using their listings and fumbling through that a bit but then getting through it and having conversations with them. has a few deals that were sent across has analyzed them, sending out LOIs and doing all of that and he's in the market. So, it's not necessarily an outbound market trip where he's having to go spend two days in another state. He's investing heavily within Texas currently, but then he's set up the capital foundation. So, he has everybody in his CRM. He has reached out to a few of the lenders that are in our database as well as some local lenders within the Texas market and said, "Hey, you know, here's a couple deals. I'd love to get some soft quotes from you to start establishing that lender financing relationship." And then now he's at the point of a mock deal where he's going to take the deal he's looking at now and even though it's probably not going to work, uh, he's going to set it up to where it does work and he's going to do the pitch deck. He's going to do the landing page uh summary video and an email and he's going to send it out to his database of about 30 to 35 that he has in his CRM. And that's going to be the mock deal he's going to run with them to kind of bring them in and say, "Hey, look at me, uh, Scott. I'm buying multif family and would you consider it or do you know anybody that would?" And starting that mock deal. So that's kind of the capital foundation where he's laying that stage. So that way when a real deal gets locked up, he's not having to necessarily chase the money from scratch and he has the lenders warmed up for the financing. He has soft commitments from investors and people that have at least seen how he operates and knows that he's a real company and the real deal. And then he's already starting to write offers and lois and stuff. So kind of in that stage six to seven before you get that deal under contract. But that's kind of really important stages as you come through that um to make sure everything's set up and ready to go and you've built that rapport, you know, with your database and people are starting to attach attach that identity to you and in what you do. So um uh Johnny, that's uh Scott Scott Turner. He's down in um New Brothel uh yeah New Brothel just south of Austin, north of San Antonio. Uh but he's doing, you know, the Texas market. So he's looking at some stuff um you know, Colleen and a few different other ones and so forth. So um perfect. So yeah, that's him on that front. Um but yeah, so making sure you know you're planning for that and doing that around between the market trip and the capital foundation, writing offers and get ready for that mock deal. That's a really important stage. So that way once you number one it's going to take you through the exercise uh get you mentally in the vision point of oh like I got a deal even though you don't you do and you're going to be using that to kind of connect with people in your database. Start the conversations getting them to go oh holy crap I didn't know you were buying multif family. I mean that's ultimately what you want people to respond with back on emails and phone calls. So, you want them to respond going, "Hey, I didn't know you were doing this. That's pretty cool. I didn't know you were buying apartments." Right? So, now they're going to start attaching the identity to you that you do X and X. And that's really important. So, that way by the time you get to a real deal, you know, you're not having to introduce them to what you're doing and chase the money, per se. Um, cool. So, let's let me share my screen and I'm going to go and pull up your deal. Um, Christian and this is your indola one, the 28 unit. Um, kind of pull this over here and then let me get the other analyzer up here. Let's see if I can share the whole screen. Let me pull this up. Cool. All right. So, yeah, on the kind of the updated version 10. I think it's going to be this one. Yeah, this is the version 10 and we put a little V10 on it for everybody and we'll put that up in the system. uh we just added in the ability to bring in some um interestonly period for the for the senior loan for your primary. The reason we hadn't had it in there before is because most of the times you're not going to get interest only on the acquisition loan for the property. You can get re you can get interest only for the refinance, but not usually as often for the um for the primary loan. Just heads up on that. I mean, if you can get it, great. It's just not that common. So, don't be surprised if the lenders are like, "No, no, no. It's it's full term or full interest or it's full principal and interest on the loan when you're buying it." But then when you go to refinance it, then we can do an IO period, right? An IO period. So, um, so yeah, let me share this real quick. You got 20 units. I'm just going to update that as we kind of come in here real quick. So you got 20 units that that you're coming in here at a million4. You got 20 units. 30% down. They're asking 24. We're going in there strong, aren't we, Christian? Let's see what makes sense. 1966 building 14,375 on the square footage. Interest rate, you're at 6.75. 6.75. We got closing cost 6%. But we added this in here. So you have that option in there for some interestonly period. Uh you got onebedroom, one bath, monthly rent of 774, 650 on the square footage, and you're at 1,50 on your rents. And then I'm going to plug and play your expenses over here. So I'm going to copy and paste these guys. Uh shouldn't be protected. Oops. Shouldn't be protected. That's odd. I don't know why it does that. It's really weird because it wasn't locked before. Huh. It's weird why it does that because it wasn't locked before. Okay, got it. Yeah. So, let me do that again. Then you got the proper taxes in here. That's good. like the new taxes. So that's in there. Got it. 8%. And then you didn't have it looks like you did payroll in here. So um for 20 units, Christian, there shouldn't be any payroll. So what I'm going to do just to kind of analyze this with you, we're going to delete this guy for the payroll and just run it all through the management. There shouldn't be any payroll on a 20 unit property. If there is, that you're going to nyx that immediately like they're fired. Uh because it just there shouldn't be. That should be an off-site management company with proper management uh in place for that. So, this is going to get your expenses where they should be down to about 48%. Obviously, here it's high and they're running pretty high on the expenses here, which is why you're having the issue, right? Um it's 60 some odd percent just based on the rents, right? and the income and stuff. Uh Christian to you. Um are they uh let me bring you up real quick if you can chat. Um are they um are the rents, you know, under market naturally or is it something that you have to do the big rena on it to do that? Because actually it's 50,000 here. &gt;&gt; Uh hey Justin. Hi. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hey, so this property seems to be like well below like market rents. Uh um again they they don't show a lot on their OM. So I'm not sure how the the the how the units look but it seems that they need renovation being so low. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So then if that's the case, you know, you should be planning for, you know, at least, let's call it 8,000 a unit. So, you know, that's going to be 160,000 bucks here for the rena. I mean, if you're going to have to reno all of them and then just kind of plan for that, you would not include that in the loan. That's too little to include in a loan. Um, but you would have that in your reno budget up here. Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes sense. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then um change that address there. 10% uh fair. I mean, I know that they're saying, you know, credit loss and stuff is 2%. That's not going to happen. So, um yeah, we got to run at 10% down here no matter what. &gt;&gt; They do have some other income. Did they say what the other income was? &gt;&gt; They didn't specify. Um I I think they have some kind of rubs installed but not fully like um rolled out. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um Yeah. So so I just left it the same for the performer as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; interesting. Um yeah, because I mean obviously they're way off on this thing which is crazy. I mean trying to price this thing at 24. I mean, are they out of their mind um with the expenses and stuff they have? Uh utilities, everything looks like it's pretty good alignment. Um so, we can do um maintenance and repair is obviously this is super high. So, like I'm just noticing some things here, right? You're more in alignment on the future and stuff. So, that's fine. Um, this is all good. But that maintenance and repair number, I definitely want to take a peek at that. Utilities look good. Contract services are fine. This is all good. Um, yeah, I'm just trying to find out where this thing can make some sense. Let's go over here to the proforma. We're going to use that 10% coming through. This is normal rent increases. There is all fine. expense increases here. And then on the waterfall, we'll probably use a 6% preferred return and then do a 7030 split on that. Um to where you know you're you're getting it. You're right there. So, I could probably um you could probably increase your price a little bit here. Um six is there. I mean, this is crazy. So, they're asking 2.4. Is that correct? &gt;&gt; Correct. Yes. Um, see you're right there. Let's see where we can push it to. Let's say 18. So, we can see what I'm doing right now is backing into these metrics down here. Now, what's hurting me here is this DCR, right? The debt coverage ratio on the loan. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, that's kind of where you start running into an issue and this thing starts to go red and stuff here. Um, so yeah, you're really going to be right around that one six number because you can't this the property doesn't make sense to purchase with like a renovation type loan and pay that high interest rate and all that stuff. It just doesn't work. Um, you know, and so, you know, you're probably going to need to come in with more money down to get this thing to start to to work. And what I really want to look at, the bank's probably going to come in here and normalize because they're going to look at these maintenance and repairs and go, "Dude, this is crazy. Why are they so high?" So, they'll probably give the ability to for you to come down here and this needs to go up. Probably needs to be 15,000 right around 750. And then um that's fine. This they're going to probably want to normalize this So that gets me there. You see? &gt;&gt; So the way this thing's going to work for you to take it on is you're going to be right around 35 to 40%. &gt;&gt; You're going to be right there. Probably like 37% down to get you to one two and at a six price with all else being equal. And as long as you're confident you can take it up to a,50 with this renovation dollars, you know, you're going to raise 838,000 of which you're going to bring in about 80 grand, right? That's your that's your amount about 80 grand. You're going to raise 750 from OPM and your investors are going to make about We're going to want to tweak that. So, you're going to want to go to See how now you're in red here? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, now to bake that offset, let's go to an 8020. 6% prep. We We're getting close, right? So, we got to kind of tweak this a bit. I mean, you're you're getting close here. These numbers are fine, but yeah, you're not going to entice anybody with a 13%, you know, irr. So, we got to got to come back in here and we got to figure out, you know, how we can make this thing work and at what price, you know, is that a million550 probably, right? So, now we're starting to play ball. We're right there. So, now at least you're you're even at a 14 15%. That can entice, you know, you got an annual rate of return of 19 and all of that. So, um you should be fine there. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, that was the difficulty that I had. Like I was going like two 2.4. I mean, no way. You I mean, given the fundamentals, it just doesn't pencil, but Yeah. No, now tweaking around. Yeah, I understand. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. So that would make sense. Um and this thing pencils at that. Okay. Um yeah, this one looks pretty good. I mean, at that I mean, obviously, it's it's a big off from their asking price, but you know, I I'd fire it off at a at a million450, million five and use it as a as a lure in with the with the broker and then I'd go over all these numbers with them, you know? I mean, I don't know what planet they think they can ask to for. Uh, but that's not the point, right? We all know that those deals are are not not any good, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. But that's how you'd go after it. And so I'd send in an LOI at probably, you know, a million450 and give them a call and say, "Hey, I know it's way off, right? Way off, but dude, let me let me literally walk through these numbers with you. I mean, if I got on the phone with this broker, I'd hit him across the head. I'd be like, "Dude, what in the where in on what planet did you evaluate this building at 24? Did did you just walk in and talk to the seller and the seller's like, "I want 24." And you're like, "Okay." Or did you actually evaluate the building? Um because it makes no financial sense. So I' I'd be curious as to the the broker's response on that because they're they're doing themselves and the seller a complete disservice trying to market a property like that. That doesn't make not even close to sense. Um have you have you talked to the broker about this one yet? Yes. So, he was a a broker that was really difficult to to get hold of and um yeah, I talked to him and I and I explained to him like, "Yeah, I send you the LOI for 1.4 million." And um I told him like, "I'm sorry, but I don't get this penciling with with the fundamentals to 2.4, &gt;&gt; right?" um he he seemed to to to agree on that &gt;&gt; but it seems that it's like a the seller they don't want to go down &gt;&gt; based upon their beliefs. Um &gt;&gt; um yeah so so in that case what do I do? I mean I send them the LOI LOI for 1.4 but &gt;&gt; correct. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're simply using it as an exercise. Hey sending you an LOI. and I were chatting about it, building it up, loan, letting you know I know how to underwrite a property and I'd love to do business with you. Clearly, this property we have too much of a delta between where it's really worth versus what the seller wants. That's okay. Uh, do you have anything else you're working on behind the scenes and if you don't, let's keep me in mind. I'll, you know, stay in touch with you, but let's get some more deals rolling here. That's the whole purpose of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I did. So, so that was the good thing. Now we're connected and indeed I'm on his offmarket list. So that's great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And Kurt, I saw you mention in there that's cuz uh right now in Idaho, nothing makes fundamental sense, right? It'd be like trying to buy something in San Diego. Uh so you you you have to buy it based on parking money. So yes, 60 70% down is because it doesn't make financial sense because the values have outpaced, you know, the financials. uh because people are parking money there simply to 1031 exchange and avoid taxes. So they they're not looking for a fundamental return. They're looking, hey, how can I stick a bunch of cash in this thing that I need to stick in here, not have it go to Uncle Sam, and at least it's in an asset that long-term will grow and it's either stick it in an apartment complex and use the benefits of depreciation and all that or have it go to a black hole in Washington DC. And that's basically the decision. That's why Idaho's gotten jacked up the way it has is because people are just parking money, right? avoiding taxes, which is why in order to get something even break even, you got to put 60 to 70% down. It's not based on fundamentals. That's why that that issue is happening there. So, you know, we have to go into other markets and other areas where fundamentals are still in place um and cash flow is still king versus just riding the an appreciation game. So, yeah. Um okay, perfect. So, I'll get you off of that and then let me pull up. Let's call some brokers. I'll share my screen here. Awesome. So, I've already set this up for Cincinnati and hopefully you'll be able to hear my phone, the ringing and stuff. We should be good. Um, I want to call on this one. I like this little 33 unit even though I know it doesn't make any sense, but I want to call JD or Shawn here. So, you'll have to let me know in the um in the chat here in just a second um that you can hear my ringing. Let's give it a ring. Can you guys hear the ringing? &gt;&gt; This is JD. &gt;&gt; Hey JD. Uh, this is Justin. I'm with Brennan Pulley Capital. I was actually calling you on your um your deal over here. Is it Is it Gobble Avenue? My guy gobble gobble &gt;&gt; gobble gobble gobble on gobble avenue there in Cincinnati. Um, yeah. Trying to get some information on it. I mean, we're kind of in the the Ohio market. Cincinnati, Columbus, um even looking in Cleveland and stuff a bit, you know, for these types of deals. Um can you tell me a little bit about it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. So, um these guys have owned it's what six six or seven years now. Um so, it was in pretty rough shape when they bought it. They have turned uh all but two units. So, uh 31 units are in pretty similar condition. you know, it will vary a little bit now based on wear and tear from existing tenants. Um, so wasn't like a full-blown renovation, but you know, LBP flooring, paint, uh, new base cabinets were needed. They kept the steel, uh, wall cabinets and painted those. Um, so really just fixed the broken stuff, got them into rentable condition and uh have just kind of been, you know, running steady since then. Uh, they are still struggling with occupancy. I think it's maybe a couple reasons. Um, namely they have 270 doors and they've got a very thin crew uh of personnel internally. &gt;&gt; So are they and they're they're self-managings. Correct. Yeah. So, they got like two or three &gt;&gt; um you know, contractors, if you will, that uh &gt;&gt; that you know run the dayto-day for them. Um principles both still work full-time. So, they're trying to be as passive as they can in real estate and they've had success with other asset types like retail and stuff. you know, they kind of paid their dues um in the multif family realm and trying to uh free up some time and um move their their money into more passive investments. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And would they um you know are there I mean obviously I know you sometimes don't like to say but are there some relatively decent offsite property managers within that this market that would handle a building like this that other clients of yours have used? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I've got a couple in mind I could send you. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. And then who uh what kind of banks locally? Is it credit unions or some of the local commercial banks that are financing stuff like this there? Um, yeah, I could get you some financing options as well. Um, so might need to get a little bit creative on this one just because they do have seven vacants currently. So, you know, depending on what the narrative is and and your game plan for the property would uh determine, you know, LTV and whether it's going to be &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; perm loan or if it's going to need more of like a a bridge to permario. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, if you have some local banks there, um, you know, depending on, like you said, if you're throwing a little rena at it and then, um, you know, doing a, you know, light, like you said, light rena to kind of clean some stuff up aesthetically and get the occupancy up and then, uh, be able to refi out of that thing and 18 months into more of a permanent scenario. I mean, that's an option. Um, just depending on what it looks like and the cost to get that kind of money. Um &gt;&gt; what's their reason for selling now? &gt;&gt; Um like I mentioned just you know the ones that are more I guess uh you know lower priority for them. They're uh they're offloading to try to free up time for their manager and their leasing agent and and free up their time as well. They've got a lot of equity tied up in this. So, uh, you know, looking to redeploy, keep their money, working hard for them. Um, they don't, they're spread too thin to even renovate the two units that are totally down. So, &gt;&gt; it's like if you're not going to &gt;&gt; squeeze all the juice out of it, you might as well sell it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Got it. Okay. Um, yeah, I guess it's just trying to make sure I mean, tell me a little bit about this little pocket and market. I mean, is the market there to to get it to a better occupancy north of 90 and actually operate it better and um maybe get some better rents and stuff? I'm just trying to see is is the market even there for that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. I mean, it's a C-class neighborhood. Uh they're about half subsidized, half market. So, &gt;&gt; um you know, both options exist there. Um So yeah, I think it's a matter of putting some more money into it, cleaning the property up, sprucing up the hallways, making sure you're getting, you know, good tenants in there because they'll have plenty of applicants, but I think they're being a bit choosy now with uh who they rent to. &gt;&gt; Um, but you know, the units aren't they don't show real well. It's like they call them rent ready, but like a lot of them still need like a deep clean in my opinion. So, it's like they're doing 90% of the work, but that last 10 and I'm sure is probably a hindrance to getting them leased. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it seems like it's uh just lacking here or there just in terms of operations. Um but yeah, I guess the key is just is the market there &gt;&gt; to to have this thing make just financial sense in general. Um, so they have a se are they section 8? Are they city um city subsidized or do you know what types? &gt;&gt; They have some section 8, some uh YWCA, Excel, I think Lighthouse. They got like three to five agencies that they work with. &gt;&gt; Okay, got it. All right. Uh, yeah, I'm looking at the OM right now and stuff, too. So yeah, let me throw it into my analyzer and stuff and kind of see where, you know, like you said with the occupancy and stuff where it could make sense. Um, even if you have to do some short term, but yeah. What is it? Credit would you have like a local commercial bank uh finance this thing? &gt;&gt; Um, yeah, I think um Scott Federally at Sinfed Credit Union would be a good option. I can get you uh his info. Um, let's see. There's a uh mortgage broker I know named Brendan Barker who I'd sent this to. He's with Northark. Um &gt;&gt; so he's somewhat familiar with the deal. I'll get you his info as well. They've got dozens of lenders they work with. So he'd probably have, you know, a wider variety of options to choose from. &gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah. It's just trying to get, like you said, a little bit creative if you have to um to get in here and get the thing right, get it occupied. Yeah. Yes. &gt;&gt; For the right buyer, they would entertain a uh 12 to 24month master lease scenario to give the buyer ample time to get the two units um brought online that are down, get the occupancy up, make any additional improvements you want, and then be able to obtain more attractive uh &gt;&gt; financing. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, it would it would need to be a lease though because &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; that allows them to defer their the start of their 1031 clock. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; They would need um probably a 15 to 20% down payment. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, that's something to consider for sure because from an operation standpoint, if we can operate, which we do, uh coming in there to fine-tune things to get it to where it needs to be and then take it over um once we're there so we can get better financing that maybe that that could be the option through it and it could it could get them a better price, right? &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; yeah, exactly. So they they probably wouldn't have much wiggle room on price. In fact, uh, you know, depending on the other terms, it might even like nine is the ask price, but &gt;&gt; if they're going to give you good terms on a lease, it might need to be above nine. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, yeah, it's all about fundamentals, you know, that's uh I always kind of chuckle when I mean, I get it. We just sold a couple buildings of this size over in Missouri, but you know, we underwrote them, sold them based on fundamentals. Um, or, you know, at least getting in the teens on an IR. Um, you just it is what it is. It's not a it's not a feel-good story um as to do I feel good about it or I want this. It's like what does the market tell you you're going to get, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Just back just back into that. So, &gt;&gt; yeah. All right. &gt;&gt; So, how many um How many properties or units do you guys own across the country? &gt;&gt; About 1,200 currently. Little little over that in different states. And so we're in Texas, Missouri, uh Arizona, a little bit of California still, and then um you know, Ohio and connecting in those areas. So some of the upper Midwest, some of the kind of the lower southwest. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What part of the country do you live in? &gt;&gt; Uh both, uh Texas and Cali. So San Diego. Okay. And then uh just outside of Austin. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Sounds good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, looking to connect with you, good brokers and stuff in in this Ohio market. It's a great market. I'm sure you guys uh see all the stuff going on. I mean, do you do stuff just Cincinnati or do you do stuff around the state or a couple different states? I know some of the brokers work in multiple. &gt;&gt; Um yes, Ohio and Kentucky. Um but pretty much, you know, north to Dayton's about an hour north of Cincy. And then, um I used to call down in Louisville and Lexington, Kentucky more. I was I was with a larger firm, but now it's just my business partner and I. So, there's enough in greater Cincinnati and Dayton to keep the two of us busy. &gt;&gt; Okay. Awesome. Yeah, I'll shoot you a text when we get off here just with my name and number and email and yeah, I'd love to connect with you if there's anything else you're working on behind the scenes that maybe isn't on the websites yet. Love to be considered for that, too. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Like, in a perfect world, what what size are you guys looking for? &gt;&gt; Uh, you know, 10 to 50 unit deals. Um, class C is fine. Class C and B assets, 1960 to maybe 2000. Um, anything in that pocket where there's, you know, maybe not a huge Renault. I mean, we we could do it. We have a construction arm, but I'd prefer, you know, mediumish, you know, light to mediumish on a value ad. Um, so, but, uh, yeah, I mean, this style of stuff, that's a good style. I mean, I could see, you know, with a little bit of love on this thing. I mean, it it could kick ass. It's just as long as the market's there to do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Um, are you familiar with how if you own Ohio take it you are, but with how property taxes work? &gt;&gt; Uh, I was looking that up a bit. Yeah. Well, I know every county is different, but um, if you want to give me a quick summary, that'd be great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So every deal I've ever done and uh any uh you know sophisticated investor is doing what's called a drop and swap. &gt;&gt; So prior to close a new entity will be created called you know Justin Gal LLC and &gt;&gt; at close the seller moves the property into that LLC and then assigns you 100% of the membership interest. So uh doing it that way the sale price is not recorded. So the county is no way of knowing what it sold for. So, and basically helps prevent the taxes from automatically adjusting to the price. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, question for you is I guess doing it that way still preserves the bonus depreciation. Correct. &gt;&gt; Correct. It has no uh no depreciation implications, &gt;&gt; right? Because you're moving it into a new entity. The owner created it. he's essentially doing a business sale now and you're selling the LLC. Um yeah, &gt;&gt; so you just preserve it. So that I mean that makes sense and it's a new entity that doesn't have any liabilities and potential lawsuits and all that stuff. So yeah, we have done that before. Um I haven't used that term, but same concept. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. And if if you wanted to purchase their existing LLC, obviously there, you know, is liability, right? could potentially take on, but certainly get some reps and warranties in the contract. But that's the most bulletproof way from a reassessment standpoint because there's not even a new deed recorded. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Uh because what is happening is these school boards have become privy to how these transactions are going down. So, they're hiring attorneys to go look up the mortgage and then, you know, they say, "I &gt;&gt; assume you got a 75% loan, so here's what we think the propertyy's worth." and then the onus is on you to prove you didn't and you can't. &gt;&gt; So, um it's more common on large properties where there's significant tax revenue to be generated for the boards. &gt;&gt; Well, and I'm sure there's probably uh you know, like you said, negotiations that happen in that scenario because whether it's the cities, the schools, whoever it is, sure they want to get their tax revenue, which makes sense. Um &gt;&gt; but you probably come to a common ground, I'm guessing. And so that's where it probably even makes financial sense. Yes, there's an attorney involved. If you get caught, call it. Um, but you just negotiate that and settle it, I'm guessing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a lot of groups end up settling and &gt;&gt; a lot of times it ends up being at that loan amount. So, still save you some taxes, uh, even if you do get quote unquote caught. Um, &gt;&gt; and are they reassessing? Are they reassessing every year? Is it every few years how they do it? Um uh it's every three. So the last one was 23. So at the end of this year, new values will come out. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. &gt;&gt; For all parcels. &gt;&gt; Okay. So this one is based on 2023 values, I'm guessing. &gt;&gt; Uh yes, you could say that. &gt;&gt; Okay. Based on how based on how they assessed it then. So &gt;&gt; yeah, and it's you'll see it's assessed extremely low, which is good because You know, there's certainly a possibility that they stay where they're at or, you know, even a slight increase because it's the value right now is only 371,000. &gt;&gt; Let's go. I love it. &gt;&gt; Taxes are only 11 11 grand a year on 33 units. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that's amazing. Um Yeah, that's great. Yeah, it just depends on like you said, you know, the drop and swap's fine. So it's yeah it's just a matter of protecting yourself in the event that you have to go you know fight for it right and u &gt;&gt; and settle it somewhere in there. Um but you know it is what it is and because they can't at the same time they can't uh financially um destroy the property even if they're going to try and reassess you know they're not going to put it to a point to where it collapses everybody. So there would just be a settlement in place. &gt;&gt; Yeah, if they do what was good for them and hopefully they do. &gt;&gt; Correct. Okay. Well, yeah, I really appreciate uh JD your time and I'll I'll shoot you a text and yeah, let's stay in touch. &gt;&gt; Okay, sounds good, Justin. Thanks for the call. &gt;&gt; You bet. &gt;&gt; All right. See you. &gt;&gt; All right. Feedback on that and kind of the conversation that happened there. I mean, do you guys feel I mean, for many of you, you're doing that now, but do you are those similar conversations that you're having uh with the brokers when you call them and and kind of how you're asking some questions and getting I mean, you heard kind of how I maneuvered the questions in there um to get a response and he was very open. Oh yeah, I'll give you some property managers. Oh yeah, I'll give you some lenders. Oh yeah, we're doing this. Oh yeah, we're doing that. I mean, he wasn't very hold offish. Um, but it's it's how you're kind of using the property as a lure in and leveraging that for further conversation. And I'm not really asking much from him, but asking some questions about the property, etc. Um, yeah. So, Don, what he was referencing is, let's say we just bought the property at the N hypothetically. Well, currently it's assessed at $357,000. So, the tax rate on that is far lower. It's like you said, $11,000 a year. Well, it would go triple that, quadruple that, which would then make the property completely pointless. So as a result, what he's saying is, hey, just do a drop and swap, which is the owner, these guys would create another entity now, and then right before the close of escrow, they're going to transfer the property into that entity owned by the owner. And then we will buy that entity from the owner. It's like a business sale. The property's inside it. It's a business sale. So now because it's a business sale and not a deed transfer, right? There's not a reassessment. Oh, it sold for X. The business sold for a dollar or whatever it is, right? And there was a a sale that that is not recorded. They can't see it on a deed. Uh there's no price attached to it. So there's no way for the county and the city to know. The only way they would do it is they would get in there and they would start looking through the mortgages to see if there was a new mortgage put on it. And then they would say, "Oh, okay. You have a new mortgage on it at a,650 and we believe that was a 65% loan or 70% loan. So therefore, you bought it for X. Therefore, we're going to assess you at X. So could you come and get caught? Yeah. Would you have an attorney? I mean, the difference in in property taxes, guys, is massive. So is it worth it to do that?" Yes. And sophisticated people do. And then you have an attorney on board and they would fight it out a little bit and you'd spend a little bit of money uh and you'd come to a settlement is what would happen at the end of the day. You'd you'd fight it out for a year and then uh you know spend 10 15 20 grand and at the end of the day settle it out to where uh you'd probably you know come up in value. And that's assuming you got caught. That's assuming it even happened. But it takes an enormous amount of effort to go around and look at all every single property in the state of Ohio, right? I mean, it's it's not like they're sitting there going, you know, every day like that. Um, you basically, you know, got to piss some people off the right way to have yourself get caught. Um, so does that answer that question, Don? Uh yes, perfect. Okay. Yeah. So, that's how you kind of handle that one on that front. But, uh interesting property. Uh you notice how I kind of asked about, you know, the market and he said it's class C and stuff. So, in terms of the neighborhood and all that. So, that would be the key component as to whether I would even consider this is could I get the rents? Could I move the property with a little bit of love and a little bit of better operations? Because it sounds like it's an operational problem, but I also want to make sure it's not a market problem. So, I would get in there and just make sure and drive the area. Understand? Obviously, I I understand 20 30% of the people are uh doing, you know, section 8. Okay. Uh, you know, but is there any other options in there? and you know where are this where's the job providers and where's all that happening to make sure that I could keep this thing leased and I could get rents over time to to grow that'd be a key component but that's a market thing and when you're driving it and understanding it knowing the market play so uh Jason do you know this area I'm curious let me bring you up because you can probably talk since you're right there in Cincinnati um I'm gonna allow you to talk real quick it's going to bring you Yeah, I know the area a little bit. Um, &gt;&gt; it's actually in a it's just west of a area called North Side that's actually growing. Um, it's being um they're pumping a lot of money into the North Side area. Like I said, with with this property is just west of that. Um, it's not that far from downtown Cincinnati. Um, probably 15 minute drive tops. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I'm actually my office is only about 20 minutes from this property. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I kind of looked at it um a little bit earlier this week &gt;&gt; and you know, when the when that broker was saying you got to get a little creative on that. &gt;&gt; That's a lot of these properties that I'm seeing on Crexy, it's like you got to get creative or or the owner is emotionally tied to it. So, but this is this is close to an up and cominging area. There's a lot of investors I know around here in Cincinnati that are targeting the west side of Cincinnati right now. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I can tell you cosmetically what I would do to this thing immediately is I'd paint all the brick because it looks trashy. And then you see you see on the building here, you see these little I don't know what I don't know if that's wood or concrete accents here and stuff, but those would get a different color. And then you have your trim board and everything and your sophets would I'd paint all these white. Then your trim board maybe black. And I'd come in here and I'd paint this con because this looks like concrete ledgers coming out. The ledgers coming out of the wall are fine. Those are wood, but your decking is all concrete. So I'd update your railings with cedar wood and some horizontal cedar and make them all modern looking. And then paint the building so that way it has a nice congruent look. Uh update the front and all that and just kind of spruce it up. But other than that, it looks like a cool little property. I probably put some rain gutters on it. Um maybe update the windows. We'll see. Don't know. It's either that. I mean, looks like some of them already have been touched a bit, but I definitely do solar screens on them. &gt;&gt; So that way, you know, you make them just aesthetically look a little bit better uh from the exterior. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; when you when you pull this up on Google Google Earth, um &gt;&gt; it just looks like a tired property. &gt;&gt; There's not much there's not much landscaping. Um the parking lot's been it's solid. It's got some cracks in it. It's got some little bit of sink holes in it that could be fixed. It's just like I said, it just looks tired. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um which can be brought up. I mean, it's a rent could justify it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, one thing one thing I did notice um is the number of units compared to the parking. &gt;&gt; So, um there is a little grassy area and this is kind of on a corner lot. Well, actually, you see it right there. Yeah, I was looking. &gt;&gt; Is that is that part of the land? I believe so. I'd have to pull up the county auditor's website and verify. See if I can do that real quick. &gt;&gt; But yeah, uh my first thought was add some parking in that area um just because um of the number of tenants to parking ratio. &gt;&gt; I mean there is a you could sure there looks like there's a lot of parking spots around here and over here and all that. I mean they just have to look at that. I'd count them out and figure it out. Um, but yeah, what I would be more looking at doing would be um, yeah, you just touched on it, Don. Uh, permitting it for another building and a a children's play area and a dog park. I mean, whether you build the building is one thing, but I'd definitely get it permitted for one. I'd try and figure it out because and I'd put some fencing. I'd run You see this fencing that's running right along here on the road right there? You can see that &gt;&gt; little trail fencing is I' I'd continue that wrap it around and come around to kind of seal in &gt;&gt; and uh you know just kind of give you a cosmetic that you have your own space and then I' I'd definitely entitle look at entitling that land for another building. I mean you could plop one on there pretty easily. Just see if that's a possibility and then adding in a kids play park and a dog park right there. I mean it's all set for it. You just need to set it up and uh add another building, add some more units, add another, you know, I'm guessing that's probably a 10 plexes each if you have 33. So you're probably 10 plexes. But you put another 10 units on there, now you're 43. Same land value. That's wasted space. I mean, that's totally wasted space. And you already have your land basis, so I've just put more units on it. See if you can &gt;&gt; Yeah, actually. Yeah, &gt;&gt; Aler's website come up with 1 point 1.86 um acres. &gt;&gt; Got it. So, yeah, that that's definitely the land there for sure. Um yeah, that that's an interesting uh option for that thing for a future, you know, value ad, like I said, and whether you build it or you don't, but you just get it entitled permitted for that. Uh that's an interesting opportunity there to add the value and then um you either do build it and hold it longer term or you just get it permitted and somebody else can buy it because now you're adding value by doing that. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; For sure. So Okay. Well, yeah. I was just curious on the the general area. So if you're saying it's a fair area, I mean it's not like high crime, high this, high that, right? It's just a, you know, kind of workingass neighborhood, I'm guessing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. I mean, there's I mean, on the west side of Cincinnati, I mean, it could go by block by block on the crime portion. Um, so you really have to dive into the numbers on the crime to see what area this falls into because you can have, you know, what we call the hood could be just three blocks over two multi-million dollar homes. &gt;&gt; Okay? It's just a It's very diverse. &gt;&gt; Okay. Got it. All right. Well, yeah, super interesting. But you can kind of see the point of the broker conversation and kind of how I tried to lead that. I'm going to shoot him a text here. But yeah, it's just staying in contact and and leveraging that conversation because clearly they're doing deals here. Sounds like a good broker for you, Jason, and you chatting and anybody else in the Ohio market. And then um you know, meeting others and deal flow. you can kind of get a feel for how I I tried to lead that conversation &gt;&gt; and just build the rapport. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I had these two on my contacts list because I come across this property earlier. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so, so Chad, to answer your question, uh, no, it is not my concern at all that they've had some tenants there since 1970. To give you an example, we bought a property in Kansas City that uh the owner had owned it since 1975. 80% of the building was elderly. Okay. Now, it was right across the area from a senior center and we knew a new hospital was going to be going in and stuff too. Um it was a home run, right? like we knew it was a home run based on what we were buying it at, etc. However, we had to be taxful because we didn't want the PR nightmare. I mean, if you could just picture it right now, young developers come in and kick out 80-year-olds in an apartment complex and kick under the curb. Holy right? I mean, that would be all over the news and we would be just we'd be done. So yes, we were very tactful in working with the existing tenants to try and keep them there and just upgrade them into the renovated units. The first few uh did decide to move out, but we helped them relocate. So we took the time to do that so that way we were sensitive to that. Uh but that was a heavier problem than this. I mean that was 31 units and like 28 of them were people in their 70s and 80s. So I mean they're coming out of wheelchairs and stuff. I mean so we had to be very careful with that and we were tackful but it was worth it uh to do that in that case. So um uh is there downloadable data uh from this call or what was JD's last name and agency? Uh you can see his name right here. Uh JDM Schmmerg. Uh and yes we do put these calls up Chad in the backend portal. Um, and we'll also throw them in the chat each week. Usually takes about four or five days to get them up and it'll be in there. So, oh, screen's too small you're looking at. Got it. So, yeah, it's JD Smerge. Smurge. Um, let me see if I can copy his data here. But in any event, I'll throw this in the chat. If that'll do that. That do that. No. Come on. Phone number. I don't know if it'll copy it. Maybe it won't. That's his number. And then that's his name. Uh, but yeah, you could find it pretty easily going in and into Krexy, pulling up, you know, the Ohio area. I went within 50 miles of Cincinnati and pulled it up. So, um, okay. Awesome, everybody. Well, yeah, this gosh, this went fast. I want to make some more calls. Um, but yeah, you kind of get the concept of and are these calls helpful? Kind of hearing me go through them and and talk to the brokers and hopefully giving you a little bit more insight and and confidence. So, that way when you're calling them and talking to them, kind of the little nuances of the conversations. Uh, but you can see how I used the property, let in with it, chatted about it. Uh, you could see how he kind of asked me a couple questions. I mean, you can see how he let into it. Oh yeah, tell me a little bit about so how many units you guys own and stuff like that, right? And and even if you didn't own any, right? The way you would say it is, you know, you know, I'm newer to the to the area in investing, but our our partners and stuff have, you know, 1,200 units. I mean, you could literally say that our strategic or, you know, our partners, you don't say stay say strategic, but you could say, "Yeah, our partners and stuff have lots of units throughout Texas and the upper Midwest and um Southwest and stuff like that." Um, but yeah, they're going to want to get a general idea. He's trying to size me up a little bit and that's okay. You're not trying to run from that. You just let them know, I'm newer to the multif family, but I'm partnered up with guys, you know, that are have over,200 units and blah blah blah blah blah. and leverage that. That's the point. That's why we go on your websites. That's why we're strategic partners with you to help give you that clout before you have the clout yourself. Awesome everybody. Well, yeah. I hope we had more time to do some more calls, but we'll do that again next week and then analyze some more deals. And then let me know, you know, in addition to this, you know, going through, you know, this road map stuff, you know, are there other areas and details around kind of this side of it in the road map that you would want covered um on these calls, you know, kind of coming through this. But, you know, we're hitting each section, but I want to keep coming into this brokers and deal flow and market trip and capital foundation side because most everybody gets through these first three pretty quickly and then it's a matter of kind of getting right here, right? And then you're starting to write offers. So, it's like you'll get a lot of like right in that pocket zone and we're trying to get you through that and get it to the point where you have a lot of deal flow and then trying to put deals under contract. Right. So awesome. Everybody have a great rest of your Thursday. Any questions, let us know. And we're here. We're here. Cool. Have a good one. Thursday everybody.