What's up everybody? Come on in. Happy Thursday. Make sure everybody gets on in here real quick. Open up the chat. Make sure everybody's in there. Uh, just chime in real quick. Make sure you can hear me. Thumbs up if you can hear me. Thumbs down if you can't. Just want to make sure the audio is good to go. We appear to be good. Just want to make sure that. Hello. Hello. I'll chime in in there in the chat and I see everybody coming on in. So, good to see Rose, Adrian, Angelica, good to see you Brian, Bruce Mingan, good to see you, my friend. Michael, awesome. Awesome. Okay, I'll put up my little oversized iPad vibe board and we'll go and get started. We're going to end a little bit early today, right around um it's going to be about 45 minutes today versus a full hour because I have an important actual multif family phone call I got to jump on just after that. So um beautiful Rex, good to see you in here. So what I want to touch on today is one I want to get a couple little updates from all of you as to, you know, deals you're looking at, things that are uh a challenge currently where maybe you're getting stuck. Let's address that from kind of things you're dealing with challenge-wise. That's number one. So, go ahead and raise your hand or put in the chat. I can bring you on real quick and we can chat about that to kind of give you some Q&amp;A which will probably help everybody else too. Just FYI on that. And is the audio loud enough? Is the audio loud enough? We have all the microphones and everything hooked up, but I want to make sure. Okay, great. But yeah, is there any kind of challenges, things you're looking at right now? Um, deals you're looking at? uh not getting responses from brokers, um trying to, you know, that initial phase of finding deals, right? Because that is the cycle you're in if you haven't gotten a deal yet. It is looking for deals, right? Analyzing them, writing offers, same thing over and over again until the deal pops. And so, it just depends on where you're at in that process. stuff. Um, so yeah, feel free to chime in or I can just call on people. Um, Angelica, I did want to ask you, um, overpriced properties. So, two things. Um, so Brian, I'll bring you up real quick if you're okay to chat. You don't have to show yourself on screen, but just chat. Love to walk through that with you. And then Angelica, I know that you had recently um sent in deals, reviewed them, and responded back, but then those went into escrow quickly. So, I want to chat about those real quick if you have a quick moment. Is that okay? Cool. So, Brian, I'm going to bring you on first. Should send you a little ability to talk. Can you hear me? Okay. Can hear you. Okay. Yes, sir. All right. So, for me, I'm looking at properties mainly. I don't know if you're familiar with the area, but it's the Virginia Highlands area in Atlanta. Um, and it's pretty hot area. It's I like I like it. um no bars on the windows. Um kind of a path of progress, the path of progress is growing in the area and more more developments are coming. Um uh new new builds and uh so it's a great area. So when brokers are selling, it just seems like the properties that I'm interested in are like the 10 12 um 8 10 and 12 unit buildings. And for example, the one I'm looking at currently is offmarket through a broker that I I talked to previously about other properties. And this one isn't hasn't hit Craigslist or anything yet. So, but this is a 10 unit and it needs a full renovation. So, 10,000 per unit. Um, right now it's got AC units in the win in the in the wall and like a like a 60s 1960s like heat vent in in in the room. Yeah. So, it needs like a full, you know, I was going to try to do central HVAC and add um washer and dryer to every unit. Yeah. So, what are the size of the units? One or two bedrooms? They're they're onebedroom, one bath in in what? This is in Virginia. This is No, this is in Georgia. Georgia. Okay. And the area is called Virginia Highlands. Virginia Highlands. Okay. Yeah. So, if you're doing like full HVAC and all that stuff, your cost per unit is going to be higher than that. Just FYI. But if you're putting ducting and all that other stuff, I don't know what that entails, but if you're dropping in your ducting and you have to do all of that, that's intense. So, you may be better off just doing mini splits. Okay. Uh save you some money there just from the ducting and labor side. Um but yeah, you may want to push that up to 15K a unit. Uh That's That's what I was looking at. I was looking at really 200. Yeah. I'm sorry. 20K a unit is what I can I mean that that may be interior exterior just to be safe. That's probably too far off. That was that was everything. Um and that was just spitball and estimate because I've done rehabs on like single family. So it's kind of translating that into into multif family. But yeah. Yeah. And that and that's fair because you have interior exterior obviously units are smaller stuff like that. But yeah, 20K a unit would be fair to be able to do some interior, exterior, most of it interior, right? So these guys were pricing this at 2 million bucks. Okay. So they're at uh what is that? And they said it's 10 units or 200k a door. Yeah. And and when I crunched the numbers on it because it's an older property. Yeah. I sent you guys the property to analyze and you put me at 35 uh current expense ratio 35%. And then the proform was at 46%. Right. Um vacancy loss you adjust you guys adjusted to 10%. It was at eight adjusted to 10. Yeah. Not much but yeah. Um so here's what I'm finding. So, if I were to do all all these renovations, comparable properties that are currently renting, they're sitting at between 13.95 and 1,500. The broker is saying things like, "Oh, there's a property over here uh listed for 21,00." And he's thinking I can get an average rent price of 1,650. And there's a property right next to it that has it's not like brand new up to date, but it's looks really good. It's renovated. It's got the in in room um washer and dryer, and he's got a vacant vacancy at 1395. Okay. So, I I put my estimates for ARV rent at 1395. And to get a 15% return, I got to buy this thing at 9.90. Yeah. Geez. Um, uh, so I mean, so this would be a good role play with the broker, right? Is I would, you know, send them over your proforma. I mean, because you know what the current are. You're using their current, correct? Yep. Right. Yep. So that's the current, but I'd send them over kind of what your proforma numbers are. And I would ask him, I'd say, "What's the broker's name?" Connor. Connor. And is there multiple offers on the property? I don't think there are any. But when I was talking to him, he was like, "Oh, yeah. There's guys that'll pay a million and a half without even looking at it, you know." And I'm like, "Well, so this would be my response to Connor. I say, Connor, listen, I appreciate it. Um, why don't you buy it? It's such a smoking deal. You're a commercial broker. I know you guys get in this stuff all the time. Why aren't you stroking a check? Right. And he's going to have a blank thought in his mind and he's going Exactly. So, look, the numbers don't work. I'm going to send you over my proforma numbers. I would love to buy the deal, Connor. Yeah, but it's all about financials. This isn't a hope and pray game. This is an actual game. So, want to do this, but here's the actual numbers. And you tell me where I'm wrong, Connor. I'm going to send you That's what I did. I when I was walking through the property with him, I went and saw it today and I shook his hand and I we walked through it and you know I told him you know where I was and he acted like they wouldn't even entertain it and I said well I'll tell you what I'll send you my numbers and you tell me I mean year over year I mean at $2 million just on their current I mean what I don't understand is this if you didn't do anything to the property and you bought it at $2 million and you kept all the rents and everything where it's at. It's not even close. Correct. Oh gosh, I'm losing big time. Correct. So, I appreciate the hope and pray method, but that just it it's not today's market, Connor. That was 2021, 2022, 2023, maybe like not even 2023, but like 20, you know, anything up to like 2022ish. That was the hope and pray market, but that's not the way it is today. So, the only person that's going to buy that property is somebody that doesn't need to make money, meaning they're trying to they're trying to avoid taxes, right? So, you basically your buyer pool's like this, right? Um because it's not Southern California, it's not uh New York, it's not Florida, it's Georgia. Good market, great market, but it's not those markets. And so because of that, you don't have the luxury of these crazy, you know, rent growth and crazy stuff and crazy appreciation and all the stuff that can save your ass. You have to base it off cash flows and and that's just the way it works. And so with today's interest rates and today's cap rates, you know, you can't you can't run it because the only type of loan you're getting on that thing is a bridge loan that's going to be personally guaranteed until you're done with it on on the rena because no bank's going to take that risk with you. They're they'll take the risk with you, but it's going to be based on a a future number, right? And then those future numbers need to be able to get a refinance because you're going to use a two-year loan to renovate the property. You're going to have interest reserve in it. There's going to be a bunch of extra costs on top of that. And then when you're done, then you're going to try and refinance the property because now you have new rents. You're stabilized. You have new everything on it. And you're going to hope to get a new loan at a better interest rate, maybe 5 1/2 to 6 1/2% somewhere in there. um and run it at that. But that's on, you know, the the proforma numbers that you're running on. And you know, you're saying that he's saying you can get 1,700 or more. He's saying, $,650, but the property next to it is run is is renting at 1350 1395. But is it is it a nice renaed property? Is it comparable? I mean I mean I guess what I'm saying it's renovated. It's paint on the outside. It's got like um nice appliances. It's got it's been renovated. It's not brand spanking new like super modern but and when you go on if you went on Zillow and Zillow rentals and you looked at other stuff around the area, right? Right. And just you look I mean they may may or may not be getting those rents but looking at what people are posting rents as. Um, and then looking for, like you said, comparable properties that have similar amenities or lack thereof, similar areas. 1,500 all day long. 1495 all day long. Okay. But not 2100. No, not even close. No. Yeah. I I Yeah. I don't know what planet Connor's on. Um, but I would ask him to invest with you. That's a sweet. So, you think it's a great investment, right, Connor? So, I'll take it down. How much equity do you need? Um, equity would be, let's see, equity is 556,000. Great. So, Connor, listen. You're going to be half my equity. You're going to come in with 250,000. You're going to roll in your commissions, and you're going to stay in the deal because it's such a smoking deal, and we can get these rents, which is sweet. And then I want you to guarantee those. Well, no, he'll lose his right? And he'll poop his pants because he's full of And he knows he's full of So, I hate that stuff. That's the type of broker stuff that drives me insane. Um, you know, they just Okay, so it's like a real thing. I I was because I was very very common. Yeah, he he's he's full of hot air. You're going to run it on real numbers and I mean I wouldn't be that deliberate with Connor because he's probably a good guy and he's working his doing his deal. Yeah. Yeah. He knows the thing's overpriced. And you just have to let them know, listen, man, it's based on today's numbers, not hope and pray numbers. Connor, no bank is giving me a loan based on hope and pray. That that was 2021, 2022 and you know it. How long have you been in the market, Connor? I've been in here 10 years. Great. So then you know when the market was a smoke show and the market has changed. It's not smoke show day anymore. It's real day. And the real day is it needs to be based on cash flows and financials. And so cap rates in your area right now are probably 6.5%. So, I can't buy the property today at anything less than a six to 6 and a half%. Period. So, you're going to back into that number. So, on on today's financials, so what I would do on your little proform thingy is I'd back in based on current financials because there's a number in there that shows current cap rate. Yeah. Back into the current cap rate of 6 to 6 and a half% based on today's numbers. And that'll give you the number that you should be buying it at because there's no way you can buy it for any anything different because you can't buy properties any more than a half point spread uh between interest rates which are interest rates on something like that is going to be six and a half%. Right? And a cap rate no less than six. You the current cap rate in the in the um spreadsheet is showing 8.37%. on current numbers. Current? How does that work if you're buying it at $2 million? No, no, no. I'm buying it at $99. No, no, no. Put it up to $2 million and see what happens. [Music] Let's see. Uh, current cap rate's 4.14%. There you go. Party's over. So adjust that cap rate until it gets to six. What number do you get? But keeping everything else equal, everything else equal, interest rate at 6 and a half%. And that's probably optimistic. Let's presume six and a half. And everything else being equal on revenue and expenses on current numbers. Um I'm going to guess it's going to be right around a million and a half. Yeah, it's uh Yeah, let's try one six. I think it is one and a half. Was that that good? Sorry. You're at one and a half. You're at 5.52%. Yeah. So, then it needs to go down even further. So, you're probably at a million4. Yep. million35, right? Yeah. And that's where it has to be bought in today's market. And that gives me and based on the numbers that gives me uh 3% IRRa, right? Now, keep in mind, you're going to improve that through renovations, right? But you can't buy it in a negative position. You see where I'm going with it? As long as you're at least breaking even or cash flowing the property, right, on current numbers and then you're going to go to the hope and pray and that's fine. But you can't buy it based on being in a negative position, right? Carrying it to the hope and pray. You see where I'm going with that? That's too much. The proforma, so the cap rate on the current is 6.14%. Uh this is at 1.35 purchase. Uh and then proforma shows 6% cap rate 3 3.42%. Yeah, we'd have to adjust those numbers. We'd look at them um a little further, but I'm just looking at the current side of it. We'd have to the Yeah, the future side of it uh and tweak those numbers in alignment. But yeah, yeah, that's kind of where you need to buy it today. right around a six cap, right? Six to six and a half cap because that's where the interest rates are at, right? Can't be in a negative leveraged position having to feed it, right? Too much too much until you get to the hope and pray 24 months from now, right? Um yeah, you can't pile on a bunch of debt and interest reserve and costs and all these things to get to the hope and pray. That game sailed in 2022. Today's game is you buy it based on at least a break even point. At least a break even. And then you'll get to the hope and pray, but at least you're covering your expenses and you're not having to feed it too much. Make sense? Yeah. Yeah. So, that's how you would run today's environment. And if Connor doesn't see that, then that means the seller's in LA whack job land. And that's okay. It just means it's not going to sell. Um, but that's kind of where it needs to be is you need to say, "Listen, Connor, we need to buy the property on a cap rate of today somewhere in the six to six and a half range because that's where interest rates are at for a property like this, right? Based on those numbers on current financials, we're right around a million three." Yep. And he'll be like, "Uh, listen, almost I'm going to submit the offer to you and we'll send it across and it's based on today's financials. We hope to get to the numbers we're all talking about. That would be great, but that's I can't hope and pray on that. Neither can a bank. Neither can investors. We're just not in that market, Connor. You know it and I know it. So, let's do it real and let's rock and roll. And at least you submit it across. But then you say, "Listen, if this doesn't work out, Connor, I'd like to buy properties. I'd like to buy them through you. So, let's look at some other deals. If this one doesn't work, let's look at some other ones." So, you can keep it respectful, but it just needs on the financials. And that's how I left it with him. Yeah. Let's say I do the renovation and that should be my pro for number, right? Correct. Okay. So, if I just buy it and this is with the $200,000 renovation I'm renting at 1395 a month, that only gives me a three and a half% internal rate of return. How does that work? Well, I'd have to look at those numbers on on the actual chart and stuff. I couldn't do it at the moment, but yeah, we would base it on you getting, you know, $16,700 rents. right? The 200,000 in Renault and pushing that through to get that. Um and then you'd be um we would have to look at it that at that time with expenses and revenue based on the new rents to see if that even makes sense. And it may not, right? And I if I could if I could rent it at 1650, what Connor's saying, then I I would then get, you know, a 14% return. Yeah. At at 1.3, which makes it which makes a lot more sense. But I don't think I can get that those rents. Well, may maybe not now, but you'd be surprised uh what two years can do. Okay. Right. I mean, that that's that doesn't seem too far-fetched. Now, 2100 a month, that's La La Land, right? But 1,600 bucks, if they're trading at 13,400 now is not crazy La La Land to get there. Markets can change very quickly and rents can go up or down very quickly. It's happening now. So, Okay. Cool. Okay. Yeah. Beautiful. Yeah. Let me bring on Angelica real quick. Yeah, nice. That was awesome. Thanks, Brian. Yep. Yes, sir. Beautiful. Angelica, how are you? Hey, good. How are you? Good morning. How's uh how's Miami? How's how's Miami treating you this morning? Oh my goodness. Hot and humid. That's all I can say down here. Well, it's it's about that time of year. Um, get this. Yes, it sure is. Yeah. Share with me what's going on. Share with me what's going on and everybody else. Okay. So, um, the two deals that I sent you to analyze. Yes. Yeah. And I know that those went into escrow, correct? But you guys looked at them uh to see if you could do it. You didn't get a chance to write an offer on them. Um, but they went in pretty quick, it sounds like. Uh-oh. Did I lose you? Testing. One, two, three. We'll wait for her to come back on here. Um, I did want to show you guys this like even if it was a basic 15 unit deal and you know getting through the different stages of the apartment buying if you're doing this here. Hold on one second. There you go. I was going to show you this, right? Because these are kind of like your different stages. Let me see if I can blow that up a little bit and you can blow it up on your computers. But you know, stage one being over here with finding the deal, right? Because a lot of you are finding, analyzing, and then you have the offer, right? Finding, analyzing, writing the offer. But it's, you know, finding, analyzing, calling the broker, setting up a tour, the offer gets written, you negotiate that, then hopefully you get into the best and final scenario, and then now you have a deal. Right? Now things get real real. But that's kind of like the first stages that everybody's in until that first deal happens, right? You're getting through. Hey, we're looking for deals. We're looking for deals. We're analyzing them. We're talking to the brokers. We're setting up some tours. We're writing some offers. Some are working, some are not. Brian's dealing with that now. Angelica, many of you are negotiating those to see if they're actually going to make some sense. And then you get into what they call a best and final stage. Maybe you're in a competition with one or two others or whatever it is. And then now you have the deal and you're locked and loaded. And then you get into the other kind of legals type stuff, which is going through the purchase contract, your legal documents, any marketing you may do to other investors and people to get them interested in the deal. All that would happen here. And then the escrow process opens as well. Opens as well. Um questions on that? questions on that in terms of kind of that process. Um, and it would it be beneficial me to kind of show you a legal structure of some of these deals. We've gone through financial structures, but legal structures for the deals for many of you on here that may be a little bit uh newer to it, but let me show you a basic legal structure, what they call an organizational chart. An organizational chart for what it would look like between you and investors, okay? And how the legal documents would showcase that. All right? So, let's presume for a minute. Let's go and walk through it. I found a deal. I analyzed it. Numbers made decent sense. I talked to the broker. I set up a tour of the property. Toured the property. I made an offer. We negotiated it back and forth. We came to terms. I got into the best and final with two other people. I actually won the deal and I got it. Right now you enter the next stage which is purchase contract legal documents between you to set up kind of the legal structure for the LLC investors all of that. So let's presume we're right there at that moment we have a deal and we're starting that process. So typically between the moment that you get the deal meaning you get a signed letter of intent or an agreement that yeah you have the deal. Typically, the brokers are going to try and rush you, by the way, but typically 10 to 14 days is the actual timeline between getting the deal and executing the purchase contract. Now, the brokers will try and do it in 35 seconds. No, you get the legal stuff, you review it, legal back and forth. It's going to take 10 to 14 days to get through that process. Uh, Angelica, you're coming back on. There you go. Cool. Hey Justin, I'm sorry. Yeah. So, um, now that you're talking about that, so one of the things that has kind of stopped me from, I guess, um, moving faster and, um, kind of executing what I want in regards to like, for example, these two deals that we had looked at and that were cash flowing and everything and they were perfect deals. Like, I've been looking online and everything and I haven't seen something like that here in Miami since then. But, you know, something's bound to come up. But what kind of stopped me was two things. One thing is kind of what you're talking about right now. It's the time period between when I Okay, let's say I do get under contract or or whatever and the time that I have to come up with all the funds. Yeah. And um and number two, it's kind of like just going out there and talking to the brokers. like I know that those two deals did make sense. But for example, for let's say other deals that they don't make sense, but I do want to get offmarket deals. Like how do I go about not wasting the broker's time kind of them, you know, um kind of taking me seriously as someone who is going to execute and then just not wanting to waste their time, you know, run around, you know. Yeah. So that's a little bit in your head on that aspect of it. So, the process for that, and you could even be doing it now on deals that don't make sense. The whole point is to utilize Kexi or Loopnet, but KY is a great one. You're going to find two, three deals in your marketplace. Whether they make sense or not is irrelevant. All you're looking for is who are the brokers that appear to be doing the most deals. And you can see that by their listings, right? because you'll see multiple on there coming from the same brokerage or same person. You see where I'm going with it? Yeah. Now, now I know who the players are and I want to get to those people first. So, I'm going to go ahead because they're in the 10 to 30 unit space. I'm probably dealing with brokers that aren't dealing with 50 100 unit properties. They're they're not they're not dealing with investors and other people that are highly sophisticated or have massive track records and all this stuff. They're dealing with more newbies because you're in the 10 to 30 unit space. Both people are no different than you, right? They're they're either in they've done one deal or not done any deals. They're in the space. You just we got to take that and kind of chuck that out the window in your mindset a little bit. Okay? But the process is simple. It's you're going to find who the deal makers are. Who are the brokers that appear to be doing the most deals? And you can see that by their online listings. Because for every single one of their online listings, if you were to go into Miami or any other county and start pulling up 10 to 30 unit deals or wherever else that you're interested in the Florida markets and you start scrolling through Craigslist and you start seeing the same name popping up two, three, four times in those listings, that's telling you they're the deal. They're the market makers, as I call them. Probably doing more deals than the average mom and pop. So, those are the ones I want to start with because now I'm going to go ahead and look at one of their deals. I'm gonna give them a call. I'm gonna say, "Hey, John, broker. I'm looking at your 27 unit on 123 East Street. I like it. I'm interested. Tell me a little bit about the property. You guys have any active offers on it. What's been the status of it? Tell me a little bit more about that. Tell me a little bit more about that." And they're going to talk about it. Blah blah blah. And then they may ask you a few questions. And those questions are those top 10 questions that I even put on that video on YouTube sent all of you guys. the top 10 questions that a broker may ask you as you're getting started, right? We have that on my YouTube channel. We also have it in the back end of your portal. So that way you can go through and kind of expect these are the top 10 questions a broker may ask you when you're kind of just getting when they're kind of trying to level you up a little bit, right? Here's exactly how you respond. And we go through those so that way you can kind of see that process and then it's just a matter of say, "Hey, I'd love to set up a tour and tour it real quick. Don't want to take a lot of your time. I could even maybe see it with one of your assistants or something and let me take a peek at the property. I'm going to be driving by. I'll be there next week or whatever it is. I'm going to be in town next week and I'm going to tour the properties and I'm going to do that with three different properties and three different brokers. Because the entire purpose of that exercise is not the property. The entire purpose of that exercise is for to allow them to see you, you to see them shake their hand, get bellyto belly. Because remember, the more hands you shake, the more money you make. And okay, it's a dog and pony show. I'm simply doing it to say, "Hey, I'm Angelica. I'm with, you know, Venture Holdings Capital, and I'm looking at deals." And they may ask you, "Have you done any other stuff like this?" Your response would be, "Yeah, my partners and I have my partners and I have we're your strategic partner. My partners and I was thinking I was like, well, okay, Justin's Justin's by my side. I can do and and we've told everybody in here in part of your website and everything you're doing, we're listed as a strategic partner for you. So therefore, there's no lying. There's no there's not even a white lie with that. We're a strategic partner for you. So when you answer that question, yeah, my partners and I have done plenty of deals. Great. In this area, well, not in this specific area, but yes, we've done plenty of these deals and larger. Great. Let's talk a little bit more. The whole point of that is to kind of build a little bit of rapport. And then you could say, "Listen, John, broker, I've already analyzed this deal. I put in your numbers from your your your uh uh offering memo and blah blah blah. I'm kind of you guys are at one two. I'm kind of coming in around a million bucks or 900. It's pretty far off. Well, what are you looking at this?" Listen, I'll be happy to send you over my numbers based on what you gave me and I'd love for you to tell me where I'm wrong, okay? And kind of leverage that, right? Makes them feel a little bit better. Regardless of what they say, the entire purpose of that is to say, "Listen, I'm going to buy properties, John, broker. If this one doesn't work out, I'm sure you're working on some other stuff, right, that maybe is coming on the market. You're looking to come on the market. I'd love to be part of your little email database that's going to get some deal flow because we're going to buy this year." Yeah, that's the entire purpose of the exercise. You're trying to get behind the scenes because you're utilizing the onmarket stuff that doesn't make sense to get access to the stuff that actually does. But the only way you get access to the stuff that does is through a little bit of rapport and dog and pony show. Does that make sense? Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Because that's the only way it it works, right? I mean, you being in the real estate profession and all of that, being in flips and things that you've done, you know, it's still a people game. Right. Absolutely. And you're not wasting you're not wasting their time. Like you're a real buyer that wants to buy properties. It just may not be this one. Right. Absolutely. And what about part of like raising the actual cap? Because I'm like, okay. Um I I mean that's what kind of gives me a little bit of cold feet. Uh kind of like if I I'm kind of like I can put the money in. Like if it was my money, I wish I could just be playing around with my money, but now that I have to think about, you know, getting other people involved and reaching out to people and, you know, kind of pitching my investment and what I'm offering. Um, time is it that I have to do that? Yeah. So, kind of look at my in my screen here. And I don't know, it's showing you a little larger. I don't know if it normally doesn't have you on there. Let me do this. That way, I can go big real quick. Um, maybe it's just my view. Can you see me on the full screen? There we go. Yes. Okay. So, that's where I was kind of getting to talk about this and we'll kind of finish off on this, but at the point where you actually have a deal, right? And you have an executed letter of intent and now you're going to the purchase contract phase. That typically takes 10 to 14 days from the date of the LOI to the date of the actual purchase contract being executed on average. Okay. So in that process, this is where you start getting the legal documents prepped. Okay? You can start that process and you should be doing this no matter what. Mainly because these are all templatable. So once you have your first set, it's rinse and repeat on all future deals. And your deals will reimburse you for these costs. So just keep that in mind. Now, this is also where you start the pre-arketing phase of the deal where you use our pitch deck, our template that we give you and everything and all the videos that walk you through that and all that stuff. And we're happy to look at that further with you. And you're going to start putting in the nice information that's going to pitch deck the deal and have it ready to go. So that way now you can send it out to anybody you may or may not know. And that's going to help start that process. Additionally, this is why we provide you the CRM and the website templates to kind of get you going in the back end to make you kind of presentable. So now any investors or any people, even lenders, brokers, anybody can look you up real quick and say, "Hey, who's Angelica? She just came in. She just sent me her website. Let me take a look. See what's going on. Who is she? What what are they doing?" It's once again it's a dog and pony show but that's going to give you a little bit of clout some presence online a little bit and then it's going to start that process because now through the CRM and through the pitch deck now you can start to and I don't care if you want to use a spreadsheet doesn't matter to me we just try and give you all the tools for you so that's why the CRM is there and the websites and stuff are all there and it's all included and then we have the people that can actually um customize it all for you as part of that. So, that's all in there in your business box section, but getting that in place is really critical because now if you put people into your CRM, you can email out to them and it's it's anybody. Don't worry about whether you think they have money or not. Don't worry about whether you think they would invest or not. Don't even think about anything because you don't know what you don't know. And you don't know people that know people that know people, right? What they do is they will be attracted to the deal. It's deal the deal first. And if the numbers make financial sense, meaning it's going to produce a return 14 15% a year or greater for a potential investor putting in 25 grand, a lot of people are going to be interested in that, right? A lot of people will be interested in that. And then the next question on their mind is, "Yeah, I like the deal, but do I like you personally, Angelica? Do I believe that if I give you my 25 grand, you're not going to run off and put us on an American greed show?" Right? And that's the trust factor gets built. So then how do you build how do you build trust? You build trust through having the website so people can see who you are. That's number one. Number two is having a nice pitch deck that's going to explain what the deal is in a nice simple terms for them as to if I give you 25 grand, what do I get projected wise? When do I get my money back? And how do the cash flows work? And that's going to help kind of alleviate their concerns and showcase to them, hey, Angelica looks like she has her together. Yeah. Okay. Looks like she has her together. So, online presence a little bit. She doesn't look like a fraud. Property looks good. It's an actual deal I can go look at and touch and everything looks good. So, now it's just a matter of talking to you and answering a few other questions to see, hey, do I want to invest in this thing with you? But that's the process of going I mean you'd be surprised once you have a good deal and a nice pitch deck and then generally speaking right if it's in a circle of people I mean my first deal that we did I had to raise about 899,000 for my first and I'd never raised a single dime. I mean I I wasn't even mentored into the legal document process yet. I had to literally learn that on the go. I just I got to this phase where we got the best and final and then I got a call from the broker saying, "You got the deal, right?" And I just remember literally like hyperventilating. I was like, "Oh my god, like this is real. I'm buying a $2.2 million 27 unit apartment building and I don't even have the loan lined up yet. I don't have the money lined up yet. I know that it's a good deal. I know that like the numbers I know it's a good deal." So that was like I felt good about that. So then I was like, "Okay, here we go. I'm going to start this, this, and this. I'm going to put my little pitch deck together," which is a complete shitty pitch deck, by the way, right? And I put that together. It looked good for what it was. And then I'm like, "Okay, who do I know that I could maybe send this out to?" Now, I had about 20 people. I wasn't like some massive database. I had about 20 people and I'm like, "I'm just going to throw it out to them with a little summary video. It's like a little Zoom Loom thing." and the pitch deck explaining, hey, we're buying a deal. I got it locked up. I'm in Kansas City. It's 27 units. We're raising 900 grand. We're putting in, right? We're putting in 10% of that. So, it gives people confidence. And then we're looking to raise X. And it's a minimum investment of 25,000. Your projected returns are 18% a year on your money. We're going to be in it two to five years. Who do you know that may have some interest? And then literally within I mean I sent it out and like two three days later I'm getting emails like hey I looked at the pitch stack looks good. Can we hop on a quick call and I did a quick call with them. Seven people later we raised the money. Wow that's so cool. Okay. Okay. So that's how the process looks. But yeah it's going through the initials which you've done finding analyzing touring making offers negotiating it and then you get to the point where you actually get an actual deal. Now the real game starts with some of the documents and the processes. But that's why we're all here to do it. But you'll deal with this stuff at the point of the purchase contract. Purchase contract then your legal documents for the entity which would help you and investors invest together. We give you samples of all that stuff in your portal. All the legal documents are there and we have videos on all that stuff for you. And then you have some of the pre-arketing stuff. So this is the pitch deck. This is getting maybe a landing page, which we give you, by the way, in the back end of your CRM in the funnel section is a landing page on an actual deal. It's all templated, ready to go. You're just going to customize it a bit. And we have people that can do that for you. So now your landing page is done. Any leads you may already have, you I mean, you could have emails in a spreadsheet. I don't care because in the beginning, your first deal, it's not going to be all perfect. So having some leads in there that you can start emailing it out and talking with a little summary video. Keep in mind the summary video does not need to be sexy. I mean mine was literally a little Loom Zoom video with like my little face in the corner and then me going through the pitch deck. Okay. And it answered a bunch of questions for them and then it made them feel confident that I understood the deal and I knew what we were going to be doing and then we would go from there. And then I blasted it out to 25 people. And then I got about seven returns and got on a couple phone calls. It was a minimum $25,000 investment. And by the end of it, I had I mean, the deal literally broke down where we had like 25K. Uh I had 75K people. I had a couple 50ks. I had 150K, 100K. I think I had one person in there. 200K um and then 25K or something like that. I have to go through all those numbers, but yeah, we raised the 800 and uh something thousand and then we brought in the difference which was 10%. And then we're able to get it done and it was a total of uh seven people. Wow. Okay. Um let me answer a couple of these other questions I just saw. Roseanne, do you have a pool of investors if I can't come up with enough investors to go in the deal? Yes, we do. um arose we do and that's also why the community is here too because we want people doing deals together which is why we'll pitch them talk about them in different markets and then even on your app right I mean that's part of why we're really pushing kind of the app side of things so everybody can start networking communicating on the phone and more importantly by region so if you were to come in here on the app and now you're inside your community I can come up here by region and east coast, west coast, midwest, southeast, southwest and start putting myself in those threads. So now we can start communicating by region and collaborating on capital, money, finding deals, opportunities because ultimately that's why the community is here is to network and raise money and network and find deals, right? But we do need people using it and we're getting a lot more activity in there. And you have both the different communities. You have the the the premier one which we're in now and then you have your general one. So, they're both there and we're trying to really push this so people have it right on your phone and just set up your notifications and start communicating in there because it'll really help. You'd be surprised. Um, let me scroll in here. Another question from Ingan. I'm a new mentee and still trying to figure things out. Yes, Ingen. Awesome. Uh, working on finding the deals. Real estate radar.ai. And also the broker approach, right? The broker approach because the approaches you're using are twofold. You have the direct to broker, which is what I literally just went over with Angelica. That's that process of direct to broker. And then the real estate radar is the direct to owner approach. You're trying to find owners completely off market that may want to sell their properties. So that's the two-headed approach to finding deals. Um, uh, there's not any numbers you're going to do. in the OM the offering memorandums you're talking about which is like the marketing piece that the broker does for the property the listing is going to be online 99% of the time they're going to have a little link there it's going to download the OM sometimes it's a simple flyer if it's a real mom and pop deal other times it's a full-blown like 10-page pitch deck on that the brokers put together that you can go through you can download them you don't need anything for that you're going to take those numbers plug them into your deal analyzer and then that's how you're going start to get to the process. Does the deal make sense or not? And then in terms of how to analyze, start going through how to analyze. There's a little module on the back end where I'm literally going through case studies and breaking in a deal down a toz step by step. I'm literally on Crexy, pull it down, take the number, stick it into the deal analyzers, analyze it, go through all the sections of the analyzer with you in real time, show you what I'm looking for and what to not look for, and then pump out the numbers, and then show you how to actually write the LOI. like end to end on that process. Uh don't see on page. Uh don't see what on page and then yeah I see Christine. Awesome. Yeah. Partnering in that sense. Um yeah depends on if if you're on Crexy just so you know. I'll show you what I'm talking about and we'll end on this. Uh, don't need to download that. Give me one second here. Let's go into Georgia just for fun. Click on that. I'm going to share my screen real quick so you can see what I'm looking at. So again, if you're on Crexy, what I'm talking about is if you find any deal, I don't care. Let's take a look at this one right from Matthews. And I'm on the listing itself. This little button right here. It says view OM. Click on that sucker. It's going to pop up this in this is a nice one done by Matthews. But here's your OM and it's going to have property information, highlights, utility summaries, photos of the property, all this stuff, financial summary stuff, stats, all that. Rentals, annual operating statements. You're going to plug in all these numbers to your deal analyzer. Okay? Rent rolls, everything. This is actually a pretty good one. They did a good job. They're not always that nice. And that would be the process for getting your OM. Okay. So, uh, Don had asked for a commercial loan. Should I get pre-qualified for a loan or doesn't matter due to based on the deal? Uh, you can get a a lender letter, Don. Lender letter. So, you can reach out to the lenders that we provide you in the back end of the system. If you go into um the submit deal for review section on your mentorship portal, submit deal for review, you'll see the three lenders there. You can talk to them. I'd go ahead and reach out, introduce yourself, and say, "Hey, I'm so and so with Justin's mentee program. I'm looking to buy these properties in this market, in this area, price range here, loan amount here. Is there any kind of pre-lender letter that I can get from you, right? It's completely subject to the deal terms, but that I can get that I can take around in my process of submitting offers. And they should be able to give you a lender letter. It's no different than pre-approval letter. It's literally as good as the paper. It's PDF it's on. It means nothing. Literally, it's just it's once again dog and pony show to get to the process to where it becomes real real. Okay. But you do have to go through that process. So that's how you would handle that. Awesome. Cool. Cool everybody. Yeah. So I hope this was helpful kind of going through this to touch on kind of your, you know, most everybody, you know, we're in this stage. Not in most everybody. That's a some of you are in, if you're newer, too, you're kind of in this. You're right here, right? You're in the stage of finding, analyzing, talking to the brokers, touring properties, making offers, and negotiating. And that's kind of it's it's the circle effect until you get to a point where you're actually like, "Oh, we're best and final. Oh, we got a deal." Right? And that's where it gets fun. That's where you can hyperventilate like me the first time I did it. It's okay. It's okay. That's what we're here for. Not just for the logistics, but for mental stability as well. So, okay everybody, I appreciate it. I I do have to jump on this other call and get off a little bit early today, but I hope this was helpful. We'll get this up in your portal if you want to review this. Take a few days. We'll get it recorded and set up in your portal under your recorded calls and stuff. So, but I hope this was super helpful. And yeah, utilize the app. We're really pushing everybody onto that app now because it is good. It is working. People are communicating through it, doing deals through it. But the more and more everybody's on it, sharing it. And then keep in mind in there if you um because your profile, make sure your profile is set up, right? And your profile in here, right? And then in there, your time zone, email, phone number, and all that stuff are in there. And then on the homepage, if you start chatting, if you go into the discussion section and start chatting with everybody and you're in there, if you use an at symbol, because I think you can go into either leaderboard or members. Hold on one second. You can actually pull up all the members. So, that's what I'm looking at. And then, um, I'll double check that because I know it's in there. I'm just looking at it the wrong way. But that way you can go in there and you can start it gives you all the all the not I can't even see that. Yeah. All the chatting and notifications. So you can actually do the at@ symbol like at and then type in Christine or Angelica or anybody else, right? And it should show you who those members are. So you can actually know who their their username and tagline is and you can tag them in the chats and it'll notify them because then in your notifications it's going to send you a little notification up top when you log in and you can see all of your chats and notifications and communicate with people through the app and then do real chats and all that stuff. So that's the whole point behind it. So we can actually have that happening and then if you want to take it offline later and start doing you onetoone chat totally fine but we I'd really love for people to communicate because that's the entire purpose of this networking is to make that happen right so you feel connected local in region where you're at and communicating with other investors and people that are trying to do the exact same thing because that's what it's all about. Awesome everybody. Appreciate it. And send more deals into us. We're here and you have my personal email. personal cell phone number. So, in the back end of your portal, you'll see my personal email and cell phone. If you need to text me and email me for anything, please do. That's what we're here for is to make you feel like you have that access and support. Okay. Um, let's do that. Thank you, Bruce, for bringing that up. So, we will do a tutorial next time on the app, and I'll go ahead and bring that up and share it on my screen. I think I should be able to do that and share it so that way we can actually walk through it and everybody can get even more comfortable with it. But go ahead and download it first. You can go to your Apple Store or your Google Android store. Download Multifamily Schooled. Multifamily schooled and you'll see it pop up. Download it. Log in just like you log into your portal and it'll be right there on your phone. So, your app is not working. My courses are not in it. Um, yeah. I'd like to if you want to send screenshots, Rose, of your login, maybe we can get through some of that tech stuff. If you can send a screenshot and stuff through to us, you can even send it to me personally. Um, I'll have the team look at that to see if, you know, we can just maneuver you around the back end or something or if there was something more technically wrong. So, but yeah, a lot of the core stuff's in it. Just so you know, like to get to that, you come here, you click on learning at the bottom of the screen. It's going to show you all of your classes and courses and everything in there, all that stuff. Okay. But if you're having a tech issue, let's work through that. So, awesome. All right, everybody. Signing off. Take care.