Testing one, two, three. All right, see everybody coming on in. Happy Thursday. Shout out to everybody. Hello. Hello. Feel like this thing is so bright. This is work. [laughter] This camera is bright. Oh no. What's going on here? I have to adjust the tonality. I look like I'm white. Well, I mean like bright white. Uh Brian, good to see you. See Bruce in here. All right, we got Ha. I'm going to mess this up until I get this right. But good to see you in here. I do want you um I want you I'll have you come on uh if you'd like or just say hi in the system to everybody that's coming in um since you're newer in here. Uh which is great. We got David and Joe. Josh, beautiful. Julian, good to see you. How's Lithuania, Julian, how we doing over there? And then Paula, good to see you. You and Matt, I know are newer in here as well. So, welcome in. And Suette and so forth. So, beautiful. All right, we'll get started here in just a second. Chime in the chat if uh if there's anything kind of uh did I say Lithuania, Liberia? [laughter] There you go. Awesome. Uh we got Rosen here from Los Angeles and stuff. Beautiful. Okay. Yeah, we'll get going here in just a second as everybody's rocking and rolling and coming in here. Uh but yeah, chime in in the chat. Any kind of uh exciting things happening um so far this week, any kind of wins, losses, good, bad, and different, please share. And then also for the folks in here that are uh newer in if you have in the um in the WhatsApp chat making sure that you've gotten in there. You've gotten in there. You can also download the app. We have a native app called Multifamily Schoolooled that's on the app store as well as your Android. You can download that and log in the same way you would to the portal. um that has the chat functions and connection functions and networking, all that stuff in there. So, just so you know that you'll see a tile in the back end of your portal uh that has that it'll say WhatsApp and the has the the uh download the app that tile and has the links and everything in there with instructions so that way you know how to do that. So, awesome. Uh sourcing the brokers, outreach, follow-up, deal analysis, that's all on my end. Yes. And you're in that cycle, right? So, when we talk about um you know this initial cycle of setting everything up, Julian, and kind of where you're at and most people until your first deal lands, that's kind of how the cycle goes. And it's going to look like this. U we've talked about it before. Um hold on one second in here. There you go. Cool. There you go. multi. One second here, guys. One second. Stand by. There we go. That's what I was looking for. I'll share this. Okay. So, it goes back to the five pillar approach, right, that we've all talked about and seen a million times. And obviously new or you're seeing this but it all it is all about it because you know until you've kind of gone through these stages and I would even argue your first stage being finding and analyzing right so you're kind of here in the space and the process for that as we all know is you're going on to Krexy or Loopnet but let's call it Crexy And you're not using Crexy to find the deals. That's just not how it's designed. You're using Crexy to find the brokers because when you go on to Crexy and you type in some parameters of the areas and and and markets you want or a whole state depending on what you're doing, you're going to go on there and in the lefth hand panel side as you're going through all the thumbnails looking at the deals, don't look at the deals. Screw the deals. Look at the logos for the brokers in the bottom right hand corner. And the more of those you see, that's telling you that that broker and that team are the market makers in that market. And for every single listing tile that you see on there, they have three or four behind the scenes. Because if you see their logos a lot, that means that they're probably getting contacted to do what's called BOVs, right? VOVs, broker opinions of value. And that's where either an owner like me contacts them or they contact me, either or. And they're saying, "Listen, are you considering selling? Are you looking to do something?" And do you know how that broker decides whether or not I want to sell? They go online to the data and they look at the loan and they will filter all of the properties based upon the loan maturity date. And if that loan maturity date is coming up within the next 12 months, who do you think they're calling? Because they know that an owner of a multifamily apartment building has to do one of two decisions when that loan is coming due. They're either going to refinance it or they're going to sell the property. Refinance it or sell the property. That is the only options that me as an owner of a commercial building multif family have. When my loan is coming due, I can refinance it or I can sell the property. That's it. I don't have a third. So, they know that. So, what do you think they're going to do? Hey, Justin, listen. I saw you know you may have your loan coming due coming up. Are you guys looking to refinance? You looking to sell the property? What are you guys looking to do? Oh, well blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. And then we're going to hold on to it. Okay, totally fine. You know, would you like a broker opinion of value to see where things are going in the market? Sure. And then from that conversation, then they kind of reach in farther and maybe at some point I decide to sell. So, they're working on broker opinions of value all the time. all the time. The brokers are because that's their lure to someone like me, someone like you, people that own the buildings, and they use that as a lure to get more deals. So, that's why going through the brokers and finding out who's doing the most of these in the market, which you know that because of the people on the ones on Krexy, because if they're putting the ones on Krexy, that means behind the scenes, right? If I mean, think about it. If they have two deals on Crexy and that represents 20% of the actual market, that means that they have eight deals that they're working on pre-market. You just need to make the relationship because they're working on these behind the scenes at different stages in that process of a broker opinion of value. Okay. Um, let me look at the Oops. Get out of that. It's writing on the screen. Hold on. Hold on. Get out of that so that way it makes There we go. Pull up the chat real quick because I was seeing that as it was coming in. Um, yeah, good question came in. Quick question on the financing. I saw Michael's message in Washington. Not sure the financial situation was I just assume that even with excellent credit enough money in the funded GP contribution uh through the other investors that without experience not so much the experience uh do a commercial deal before that KP in order to move forward uh depends so yeah depends on the financing so uh Julian WhatsApp yes on WhatsApp correct yes so uh the lending side of it on the financing uh that's why we set up all the beginning stuff with your website, your backend, so you kind of look the part. That's also why that we come in and we allow you to put us on as a strategic partner of yours on the website. So that way if you were to go to uh somebody give me your website address that you have it done and I'll pull it up. So that way that that you've added us as a strategic partner and we'll kind of walk through this on the financing side of the deal. Anybody want to give us uh their website that they have set up? Because I think I have a couple of them in here that I could pull up. I will right now. Actually, I got one right here. I got Michael's. I'll show I'll show a few of them. How about that? So, here we go. So, this is Michael's. So this is, you know, obviously this is in the back end of your guys' portal. This is a template that he's customized to his company. Okay. So you have everything in here, which is fine. And then you come to about us and you'll see what he put in here is maybe it's under investment strategy. Oh, strategic partners. Um, where did you have that, Michael? You had something where you had your faces and stuff on here. Maybe it was at the bottom of the homepage. Yeah, got it. So, advisory board, right? Same advisory board that we have. You get it, too. Strategic partner. He's got our phase on there. And then he's got some other stuff in here. So, the whole point behind having this is this gives the lender, it gives the seller, it gives the brokers, it gives everybody who's looking at it, hey, seems like they know what they're doing. So, that experience stuff that you're talking about gets put behind this. and the strategic partner and all of that. So that checkbox is that. Okay. Then in regarding the KP, so key principles can be used if say because then it depends on the lender by the way. So some lenders will require up to uh let's say the loan amount was a million bucks, right? They would want to see 10% of that in liquidity. Liquidity in multiple forms, 401k, IRA, stock funds, doesn't need to be in the bank, right? But some form of liquidity funds of 10% of the loan amount. So 100 grand some way, shape, or form. That's number one. Number two is they and here's where the other one goes because this is depends on the lender. Uh a one to one in net worth, right? So, if the loan amount's a million dollars, they may want to see a million dollars in net worth. That one is a little um gray area, but the liquidity one is they typically would like to see that in some way, shape, or form. So, that's where a KP can come in, right? And just needs to be somebody with that and they can help sign on the loan and they can get a piece of the deal with you for doing that, right? They're not bringing in any money, but they're helping sign on the loan with you because they may have that liquidity. You don't, but you're going to run the show. Okay? And they can get a piece of the deal, maybe 5 10% of the deal, and a fee for signing on the loan. Does that make sense, Julian? Um, cool. So, and it it does depend on the lender. So, that way it's not like a blanket across the board. your Fanny May and your Freddy Mack loans. Those are what's called agency. Let me pull this up again because I'll pull my little Cool. So, you'll have uh they call it on the financing. Okay. You'll have what's called agency debt. And in the back end of your portal, you have the three different lenders, right? If you go into the vendors and systems tile, you'll see the three lenders that we provide to you that do lending all over the country for these commercial buildings. And you'll want to start building that relationship now. Okay? And they do agency, right? Agency. They'll also do normal what's called CM BS, which means commercial mortgagebacked securities. It's basically a local commercial bank. So if if there's a lo let's say you're in Kansas City, Missouri, there's a handful of local commercial banks in Kansas City that you can go in and this is a CMDS loan and that's a local regional commercial bank that'll loan on multifamily in that state or in that market. Right? So that's the other type of loans. So you get that and you get that and then of course there is the private lenders, right? And these are more expensive but they can be there. Typically, they're bridge debt or short-term financing, higher interest rates, pretty much hard money for apartment buildings. But that's it. That's where your loans are coming in. And all of these loans, just so you know, are either three, five, seven, or 10ear loans. The payments, so this is I get this question a lot. The payments are based on a 30-year term or a 30-year they call amortization. So the payment schedule is based over 30 years. But the actual term length of the loan is 3, 5, 7, or 10. And that is commercial lending 101. That'll never change. That's always the way it is. There are no such thing as 30-year mortgages on commercial properties. Okay? That does not exist. And that's just because of the way that the industry is. So that's why you typically will see every 3, five, 7 or 10 years a property refinance or sell. So it's very easy for the brokers and even you using even our software real estate radar.ai to go in there and set up maturity dates, filter by those and target those owners based on the maturity date of the loan. Cuz you know at 3, 5, 7, or 10 years, if that maturity date's coming up this year, they got two choices. I'm gonna sell a property or I'm gonna refinance it. You just need to decide which one they're going to do and then you can either move forward with that lead or let it go. But it's much easier to filter that because you're not getting there's no emotion in it. It's like I have two choices. It's going to refinance or I'm going to sell the property at 3, 5, 7, and 10 years. That's it. That's it. So, it really helps with being able to filter down, keep the decisions very businessoriented. It's not an emotional decision. they have to make a business one and that's just the way it works. Um, but the agency is what they call Freddy or Fanny May. These are governmentbacked loans that are put together. It's the best terms in terms of interest rates. Okay. But because of that, they're very conservative. So, their underwriting is going to require a lot more to get that. Okay. But it's good loans. CNBS little higher interest rates. So like right now to give you concept uh it would be somewhere uh in the high fives to middle high sixes in your interest rates right now for this agency debt you can get into the fives right now and in some cases low fives but let's call it 5.5 to 5.8% for agency debt. Uh CNBS loans you're probably somewhere in there too 5.5 to 6.5 somewhere in there. private lending, you're probably 8% or more. Okay. Uh let me pull up a couple of your other guys' uh pages real quick. I'll share this. So, I think Julian's got his Oh, very cool. NICE JOB. This is another great great one. Okay, let me share this. So, this is another website. Julian, is this yours? I believe. Okay. Beautiful. Yeah. So, this is Julian's website, Croppies by GMC. Love it. You know, simple. It doesn't Well, first of all, it's all templated for you in the back end. You're just customizing it with logo, a little bit of color scheme, adding in some text and and stuff. We have people that can do this for you in the back end as well. So, the vendors and systems, there's people that literally do all this. So, if you're not a techie, no problem. Done for you. So, you just go directly to them. But simple about us page. very similar to what you just saw with some FAQs, investment strategy, how it works, stuff like that. So, it's just it's giving any broker, anybody the um the visual that hey, like if I come down here once again, advisory board, here's your strategic partners. Uh Julian, you will want to take Christopher off. He's part of the company in our company. Um, but he can't be on any of the uh the marketing pieces, FYI, because of what he does for a living. He uh he runs tech companies that work for the defense department. So, yes, he's chairman of the board of the Bren Polley Group. That is true. And he is a co-founder, but he can't be a strategic partner for you. [laughter] Uh just FYI. Uh but I can. No problem. Okay. Uh what clients are saying? Yeah, this is all very simple stuff. Good. And then you can connect straight to us. So this is our Brennan Pulley right website for our capital company and anybody can come in here and learn about us you know the team same thing right you see a lot of similarities perfect we have our strategic partners as well and all this is doing is kind of check marking for a lender for a broker a seller your investors people that may invest with you all of that that oh okay these guys He's got an online presence. You know, you'll probably want to put your photo on here, too, to tell your story, right? On the either on both pages, the about us and maybe even the homepage. You know, you could stick in a little story about yourself in here up top that tells your story, right? Because people connect with people. People don't invest in the in the deals, per se. The deal is obviously your your driver, but they're investing in you like more than anything because the deal could be the greatest deal since sliced bread, but if I don't trust you, I'm not giving you any money period, right? I have to feel that if I give you 50K, I'm going to get it back, right? Like anything, right? That that's going to be there. But yes, you're doing a great job, Julian. Love it. Uh let's check out another one. Deerfield Holdings. Love it. John, great job. Yeah, once again, you see the template in here. You can change it up more if you want to adjust it more, change more colors, change the layout. Not a problem. But we set it all up and template it for you. And then you get into the about us page, set up a consultation. Does this go to a calendar? Yes, it does. There you go. Rock and roll. And someone could set up a calendar call with you for investing and so forth. So, this is great. Awesome. Same thing. you're linking to us. Perfect. And then the homepage has got it too. So, probably same thing here. If you scroll down, you'll probably want to put in uh a story about you even on the about us page and stuff, right? Because people are going to connect with you. They want to see your face. So, maybe you want to get a little cool head shot. Although with AI now, I mean, seriously, everybody in here, take the ugliest picture of yourself and go on to the AI um uh picture things that are there and have it put you in a professional setting in a suit and everything. You'll look sexy as hell. Go for it. Watch it happen. It'll put the coolest head shot you've ever seen in your life. And it looks real as heck. So, go for that. I highly recommend it. And then you can put your head shot on here with a little story about you. I mean, tell your story, who you are, where you're from, how you grew up, lessons, your core values and belief systems, everything in there because people are connecting [clears throat] with you. And that's why when they come on here, that's why they're going to want to move forward. I mean, the deal could be great, but I, you know what, I want to invest in Julian. I want to invest in John. I want to invest in in this person, in this person, and this person because I like them and I I feel like I can trust them. They're going to protect me and my money, and we're going to go do deals together, and everybody's going to make a bunch of money together. So, um 3J probably Bill Johnson. All right. You're launching soon, John or uh with Bill. You're launching soon. It's coming. So, you just need to connect your domain when you when you get there. So, you're almost there. That's great. Cool. But yes, that's why on the financing side, that's there. So, and what we're looking to do as well, and uh we're chatting with Michael on this. I got to look at the deal and and reach out to him. um is the the K the KP looking to see if we can KP on that deal if it makes sense to do so. Um but yes, that is an important piece uh if needed if needed. Every lender is a little bit different, but it depends on the lender. Um any other questions before I kind of move on here? Oh, it was working before. David had one. Okay. Do you find any correlation? This is David's question. Do you find any correlation between the quality of a broker and the delta between the listing prices and actual value? So many of these deals on Craigslist are so unrealistically priced and they provide almost no usable data, but others are much more reasonable and provide everything needed. Yeah, and that is going to be the case, David. Uh there is a wide discrepancy in the quality of brokers mainly because of memory. You're looking at 10 to 30 unit deals. So, you're still technically in the mom and pop space. Okay. And let's take a look at that real quick. Let me pull something up here. And I'll give you an example of how I would be going on to Crexy because and I'll kind of illustrate the process again. So, anybody who's you're in that phase of finding, analyzing deals, right? Writing offers, finding, analyzing, writing offers, you're in that cycle phase. Then um let me see if this links up here real quick. One second. Just logging in. Perfect. Okay. So, let's go to multifamily. And where do we want to search today? Where do people want to search? What state? What state should we search? Where do we want to go? We want to go to Ohio. We can go to Ohio. Let's go to Ohio. Let's go to Ohio for some fun. Okay. All right. Let me share my screen. We will get going here. So, this is the exact process I used on our first deal in Kansas City, Missouri. Okay. Now, we're in Ohio, but I'll follow the point with you here. So you come in here and you could narrow it down further, right? You could come in here and set your filters up and stuff, but I wouldn't set up too many filters in the beginning because remember this is not about finding deals. I could care less about these properties right here. They're completely irrelevant to me. I want to see who the brokers are. I see Brookshshire. I see Remax. Now, what I could do in here is I could set up a a filter for minimum units 10 and I'll go up to 50 units in here. Okay. And now we're going to isolate the 10 to 50 unit properties. All right. And what I want to start looking for are these logos right here. And I want to start seeing a correlation. I can reach out to any of these. There's another one. Marcus and Milichap is clearly in the market doing well. Russell's doing it. Brookshshire's doing it. That's the third one I've seen now at Brookshshire. Okay, Russell again, Marcus and Millichap. So, what this is signifying to me is that these are the market makers. You get your little onesie twoosies. Those are cute. Not saying you don't use them, but I'm trying to find a correlation here. Marcus Amilichap again. Birkshshire again. KW. That's the second time I've seen them. This Russell guy is definitely on there. That's like the fourth one with Russell. Yeah, definitely. I don't This is the same guy, but I'm seeing it again. Keep coming through here. I'm just p poking through to get a feel. Right, Russell again. So, I can tell that this little Russell guy is kind of busy. He's a busy little bee, whoever it is, Mr. Russell. So, let's click on you. And I see this little uh it's obviously been on the market quite a while. I don't really care about that. Class B property, multifamily. Cool little deal though. Nice little property. 30 unit. Awesome. It does not look like he has a U. So, this is with his brokerage. So this is Tal Tamir with the Russell brokerage, right? So I really care about this and I'd want to start going through these guys because what I'm going to do and then looks like they have their uh phone numbers and stuff in here. I can view his profile if I want. So he's got his profile on here, but I can reach out. Okay. um come back and a lot of times they'll have the OM and stuff in here. Sometimes they do not, but sometimes they do. The OM is the offering memo. So that is the details on the Oh, I saw that. VOM. So they put they changed it. They must have changed their their layout here. So it says VOM, right? So I click on that. And this is the OM on the deal. This is obviously the broker. It's going to go through details of it, location, some highlights. You guys have all seen a million of these if you're underwriting the deals, but this is my starting point to get the information. So, here they're putting together some financials on the income and expenses. And let's talk. So, real simple, right? He's keeping it real simple. Why? because he wants this beautiful tall. You're gonna get just that. So, here's my conversation with Tall. Ring, ring, ring. Hey, Tall. This is Justin Brennan with the Brennan Poly Group. Hey, I'm calling over here on your property at 12955 Lashar Boulevard, that 30 unit. Um, tell me a little bit about that. Cool. So, yeah, it's been on the market about 63 days. Why is the seller selling? Okay. whole point is the small talk, right? And then they're going to size you up a little bit as well. So, if you want to know the 10 questions they're going to ask you, I have a YouTube video on that and it's also in the back end of your portal. The top 10 questions the broker will ask you in the exact ways to respond to them. It's all right there. And yes, you do need to rehearse that a little bit so that way you know what to say, how to say it. That is the learning and the science of it. So that way the conversation can get to the next stage, which is, "Hey, Tall, listen. I'm going to be in town in about a week. I'm going to be touring multiple deals. I would love to take a look at this property and or meet you somewhere one way or the other. Meet you or meet you at the property and tour it. I'm super interested in it. Oh, great. Okay. And he's going to ask you some questions, blah, blah, blah. The whole point is to tour the property or meet the broker. That's it. I could give two shits about this property because I can tell you with 99.9% accuracy there's no way this deal makes sense guaranteed. Why do I know that? Because it's on Krexy. That's why I know. I know that because this represents only 20% of the market. And the reason that this thing is on Krexy is because it sucks and because all the other people that looked at this thing before it got to Krexy said no because it sucks. That's why it's here. But that's cool because now I can at least talk to him, build a relationship with him, and from that point now we can have a conversation about other deals that he has cuz I'm sure he's I'm going to say when I meet him, hey, tall, look, I've looked at this deal. I can pro I can probably give you a million five for it. I don't know if the seller would take that, but I could probably give you that. That that's based on my financials. Oh, well, like blah blah. Whatever they say, it doesn't matter. They're going to blow smoke up. You know what? It's not the point, right? The point is, listen, I totally understand. We're probably too far apart, Tal, but I'm going to be buying. I'm buying here in Ohio. It's going to happen. I would love to buy with you. I would love to take a look at some deals. Maybe you're working on them right now behind the scenes, like a preferred list, pre-market stuff. I know that you're probably working on some BOVs right now. some deals that we can maybe get our hands on that make some sense. Can I get on that list? Can I be added to your list? So that way when the deals come through before they get to Krexy, maybe I can take a look at them with you and we can buy it. That is how that relationship starts and that is how you get to the pre-market group, this group right here that are check marking on on these deals that actually make sense. But that is the process. You got to get there because this stuff sucks. You know it. Which is why, David, you're frustrated because you're looking on there and that's why you ask the question and that's it, right? And I know they stink. It's not the point. You're using them as a lure. You're not using them to actually do the deal. Right now, there is a there is a chance that this thing can be heavily negotiated and it does eventually get to that million five million4 range. Absolutely can. But it depends on the motivation of the seller. If the seller's just wishing and kind of dangling something out there, then it may never happen, right? It may never happen or at least not happen for a long time. So, you're trying to get to this phase because you need to get to that pre-market. I call it premarket. It's not that it's offmarket, it's coming to market, right? But as we've kind of taught a million times, you have the different stages, right? Stage one is it goes into that database of 25 to 50 people and it's going to sell about 80% of the time right there. If it doesn't sell there because everybody passes on it, then it goes to stage two, which is what you're looking at here on krexy.com. This is stage two, KEXY. And the reason why is because all these people turned it down. The reason they turned it down is because it's probably overpriced heavily. And that's okay. It's not that it can't sell, it's that it just needs to be heavily negotiated and depending on the seller's motivation, it may or may not happen. So, you need to get to this phase in the pre so that way you can see more deals and get more deal flow. Okay. Um, so yeah, there is a discrepancy because actually a lot of uh brokers sometimes I mean this this broker is actually seems pretty cool uh tall and he's doing things right. You know, he put together a nice little OM. Um, let me erase all this stuff screen. Yeah, he put together a nice little OM for you, so it looks pretty sweet. Uh, it doesn't have a lot of the financials and stuff, right? But this is where you would reach out to them and you would say, "Hey, tell like I'm looking at, you know, the deal. I got the OM up and stuff. Do you have any rent roll?" Right? The T12 and the rent roll. I can take a look at this thing to really analyze it to see if you know it makes sense. But that's going to take conversation and meeting and talking to them. maybe not meeting him, but talking to them to build that to build that. Um, hey Bruce, hey Jay, how about trying a grant card? Move and call him live on a meeting. Uh, we could actually do that if they'll pick up. I could try a few different brokers. We can do that. Yeah, I'm happy to do that. I just got off a call. Uh, this would actually be a good conversation piece. Are you guys on here? Uh, Samira and Luis? Probably not. So, um I don't know if you remember from Tuesday, Samir and Louise uh were on there and they're going through a deal right now, a 12 unit in San Antonio, and they got the inspections back and they're trying to negotiate a $100,000 concession or credit or price reduction on the deal because of stuff they found in the inspection documents. Okay. And so they weren't they were getting like a zero, you know, um zero real like option from the seller. The seller was just saying no, cancel the deal cuz they were quote unquote emotionally charged. [laughter] They were pissed off, emotionally charged that Samir and Louise, heaven forbid, you know, do inspections and heaven forbid find, you know, some money that needs to get, you know, credited to them because of some repairs that need to be done and they ask for 100 grand off the deal. Now, that's a 15% hit on the price because it's only a $980,000 deal. Not the point. Of course, the sellers were pissed. But what happened in that process is they did what's called price anchoring. price anchoring. They shot up to 100K. Realistically, the sellers were never going to accept that. Then, now we just literally got off a phone call with the broker. It was me, the broker, Samir, Samir, and Luis on a four-way call. And we were just going through some conversations because Craig, the broker, is good broker, smart guy. Seems like he knows what he's doing. And you know, we just kind of walked through some things so that way we could get to what I wanted to hear from Craig was going from from a zero credit, which is where the sellers were at, like go pound sand, to where now it sounds like, well, things may be able to change a little bit and maybe there's 20 $30,000 we could give you. Okay. Uh, we didn't give any indication there, but I said, "Hey, we're going to go ahead and take a look back at it, sharpen our pencils a little bit, see if we can come back with something that we can come come to an agreement with." And Craig's like, "Great. Why don't you guys do that? I'll talk to the seller. Let's see if we can come to terms." Awesome. We set the price anchor 100,000. We talked to Luis and Samir afterwards. I said, "Here's how it's going to go down. You're going to go back to them and you're going to say, "Listen, we've sharpened our pencils. I think we can now that we understand some things talk to the inspectors a little bit more and some repair guys probably 50k. So we'll we'll cut it in half. 50k for a concession or credit on the deal. I think we can move forward with that. And I told Luis and Samir, I said they're going to say no. So just pre-plan. You're setting another price anchor because now the seller is going to be like oh dude. Okay. Well 50k. No, we're still not doing that. But that's half off. Psychologically, we're setting the tone here. And I said, "Where you guys need to anticipate to end up on this thing is somewhere between 30 and 40." And so the broker's going to come back after you lay the 50 on them, and he's going to say, "Listen, we're still not there. We're too far apart, dude." Okay. Well, um, I don't know, man. Uh, I don't think we can I mean, this is a big repair, man. We don't know what we're going to get ourselves into. like and then and I would let that sit for like 24 hours cuz they have 20 days. Like they're still in the beginning part of their DD. So I said there's no super rush here. Let it, you know, marinate for a day or so, right? And so they'll come back to you and you set back and let it marinate for a day. And then before the weekend, what I would do on the end of Friday, their time, central time, I'd call the broker again. And I'd say, "Listen, if they can do 35 to 40,000, we got a deal. We got a deal. We'll make it happen." Because Craig's going to come back after the 50. He's going to say, "Listen, they'll do 20." And you're going to say no to that. And then you're going to land somewhere between 30 and 40. And that will probably get the deal done. And so that's where they're aiming for right now. But that had to have some conversations. And we did that live on a phone call. Uh, but that was a summary because it wasn't recorded. Tried to get it recorded. We couldn't get it recorded, but I'm happy to do it in the initial phase here with the broker. Not a problem. So, I will set that up. Okay, we'll set that up. Um, yeah, there is some traction there, but you saw how that negotiation went and how we get to there. And we're holding your hand through the entire process. So, when you guys get there, too, we're going to be involved in this alongside you. Okay. Um, but yeah, obviously first thing is we got to get you locking in on deals first, right? For the folks that haven't gotten them yet. So, um, yeah, any other questions regarding that? But Bruce, I love that idea. Happy to do that live, uh, and chat with a broker. I may have to call like three or four of them, see who picks up. But I happy to walk through that and we'll have it recorded. I think that'd be cool. Like that'd be cool. Be great content, too. Be great content. Uh, yeah. Yeah, I want to finish up some questions cuz this is kind of that beginning phasing that we I keep touching on spec specifically for folks that are newer in here and how you would handle this because what you're doing in the beginning phases, okay, as you're coming through here doing this is you're setting up the market, right? You're setting your market. So, you're going in and you're saying, "Okay, what three markets?" Let's say you're brand new, right? What three markets am I interested in? Okay, I've narrowed those down. It's going to be, let's call it, we'll do it by state, Ohio, Tennessee, and, you know, Pennsylvania for simple math. And then I'm going to start looking at some deals in those states. And then I'm going to hone it down a little bit more based on some of the data that I'm seeing about population growth, job growth, median household incomes. And I'm going to say based on everything I'm seeing and deal flow, meaning number of deals that I'm seeing on KRExy seem to be more prevalent in Ohio. Sweet. I think I'm going after Ohio. So now we got the state and the market dialed in. So you've now set the intention. We're going into Ohio and we're going to start scouring Ohio for the brokers and the deals. Now you got there. So now I'm on here to Krexy and now I'm going to start looking at properties really for the brokers in Ohio because I'm not trying to find deals at this point. I'm trying to find the brokers, right? Big difference. I'm using it simply for the broker research. Has nothing to do with the deals because we all know that all these deals stink 99% of them. So I just want to find the brokers. I want to find out who can I connect with. Mr. Marcus Amilichap. Sweet. Let's come in here and see who's representing these deals. Great. I got Austin Hall and I got Jordan Dickman. I'm going to be picking up the phone call. I'm going to use this deal as a lure. Eight days on market. Uh how many units was this one? 10 units. Perfect little property. Here's the OM. They're their standard format for Marcus. It's nice. But this is given some financials, property details. Got it. Is that their boiler system? No, that looks like a furnace. No, that's not a f that's not a furnace. That's a hot water heater. That's a boiler. Um, yeah, looking a little dirty. Not bad, though. It's an older property. Um, but yeah, so this is how this deal would go down. I'd be calling up Austin They'd be saying, "Hey, Austin, this is Justin Brennan from the Brennan Poly Group. Hey, I'm looking at your deal that just came on market here on Montana Avenue, that 10 unit. Pretty cool little property. Um, tell me a little bit about that." It doesn't really matter what they said. Awesome. Uh, why is the seller selling? I mean, you know, I did some research on it. Was bought around here because you can come back here and get some information on the property. Um, it'll give you some details and they have some history on it, stuff, too. Uh, property history and so forth. Maybe it has that on there. Where's that at? Oh, you got to pay for that. You can use your software for that, by the way, because I can actually come in here. So, the software, the real estate radar software that you have, I can come in here with that and I can do the research. Uh, whoops, sorry. There we go. Commercial leads. So, all of you have access to this for 90 days as a part of it. But I would come in here and I would type in 29. Let's see if it comes up when I do this. Boom. There we go. Here's the property. We come on down here. So, last sold in 2020 for 700K. What are they charging now? 800 something. Yeah, 800K. All right, I can come down here to loans, right? And what does this tell me about the loans? So, I got doesn't have a lot of loan on it. US Bank. US Bank. This is good. He may have a second on it. Whatever that is. Small amount on a second. Um, but yeah, you're seeing some transactional history and so forth. So, yeah, I'd say, hey, it looks like it they bought it in 2020 for about 700 grand. They're selling it now. Like, why are they selling it? Tell me a little bit about that. You know, just have conversation. That's the whole point of it. And once again, that Q&amp;A um it's that video is in the back end of your portal about the Q&amp;A with the broker, but then you could come on YouTube. It's also on YouTube. See if I can find it easily here. Um let's go to Justin Brennan top 10 questions brokers. See if that comes up. Oh, there we go. Boom. &gt;&gt; Justin Brennan here. Multif family. So, yeah, this will go through the top 10 questions and Q&amp;A that the brokers and you will have together and how to answer them. And then you can come in here and grab the transcript because I think it allows you to do that. Show the transcript right here. Uh, it should do the transcript. Where's it at? Show the transcript. Oh, it pulls it up over here. You can copy the transcript right there. So that way you can go through this Q&amp;A and get better at it with the brokers. Okay? But that's how I would use it. And I would set up and when the way that this happens is I'm going to set up an appointment with Austin because if I now know that Ohio is my market, I'm going to go in here. Then I'm going to plan my 3-day trip out there. Presuming I'm brand new. I'm going to plan my 3-day trip. And the whole purpose of that trip is to do a few things. Meet the brokers, tour a couple properties, learn about the area and the neighborhoods and the markets. the good areas, the bad areas, where to be, where not to be. Understand the rents, right? The rents here, rents there, where do I not want to be so I don't get shot, stuff like that. All that happens in that 3 days. And you're going to tour a few deals. You're going to meet a few brokers. You're going to also then meet a couple property managers in that area that will manage these properties. And you may even meet a couple local lenders that are in that market with local commercial banks. And the way that you get to all this is like we've discussed and you'll see it in the videos. It all starts with the broker, right? Your broker is your gatekeeper because your broker knows lenders in that market. They also know PM companies. Now, they will not give you a recommendation. Remember this, but they will give you a list. Okay? No, no brokers want to recommend a PM because they get screwed, right? They get burned. So, they'll give you a list of some PMs. Then you can call and you can meet the local PM companies in that market. They're also what the PM companies are going to know your construction crews, your renovation guys, the guys that will help improve and renovate these properties. They're going to know them. And then additionally, you'll also have um uh I'm blanking on them. Who am I missing? Lenders, PM, construction crews, and I don't know why I'm blinking. Other people in the market. I will think about it in a minute, but I'm blinking. I'm having I'm having an old-timer's moment. Um, but that's how that'll go down because the your your brokers are your gatekeepers end. They're going to know the lenders in the market. They're going to know a list of PM companies for you to interview. So, when I'm talking to Austin on the phone and I'm getting ready to set up this little 2, three day trip out to Ohio, if I'm doing this kind of setup, I'm going to say, "Hey, Austin, before I'm coming out there, listen, are there a few local lenders in the market that some of your clients are currently using to buy these apartments?" Actually, Justin, yeah, you know, let me text you when we get off the phone a couple lenders you can reach out to. Boom. Now, I have local lenders that I can reach out to. By the way, Austin, I know you don't like to recommend PM companies sometimes, but do you have a list of maybe two or three that some of your clients are using to manage their properties here? Actually, yes, I do. Justin, let me send those over to you. You can reach out to them. Boom. Now, I have two or three PM companies I'm going to follow up with and call and interview. So, now what I'm doing is I'm setting up my team in that market. lenders, brokers, property managers, construction renovation crews, and then you can also get um uh you have uh why like some of these vendor guys that are out there. There's a handful of them, but you have some other vendors and stuff out there too that you'll get, but that's your basically your little team. So now you're kind of set up in Ohio and that's my market I'm looking in and I'm constantly following up with the brokers to get some offmarket opportunities. Constantly reaching out to them and texting them to say, "Hey, I'm reminding them. I'm the guy that's going to buy in your market. Even though if some of these deals don't work, it's okay. I'm being respectful. It just didn't work out financially, but I'm going to buy. I'm going to buy. I'm going to buy. I'm going to buy." And brokers want to deal with people that want to buy. You got to remember just like brokers, you know, there's a lot of would be, should a, could a, would a buyers, right, that are all hot air. You guys are real because you want to get this done. That's why you're here. But they deal with a lot of fluff and fugazi fugazi all the time, too. So, they're just trying to it's it's a human business. It's a people business. It's connections. This is still a good old cowboys and cowboy and cowg girls club. You know this. We've said that many times. But the process by which you're going to set up this market is why you're going to start getting deal flow and you'll start to see it. And then you and then if you want to expand that deal flow, obviously more brokers and you can use Kraxy to do it because maybe I I come on here and I'm like, "Okay, I'm I'm talking with three or four and I want some more deal flow. I'm going to start reaching out to a few others." So then I'm going to use Krexy because I don't have a good rolodex. I'm going to come on here and I'm going to come to little Kinko guy cuz he's a little oneoff. So, let's check out Kinko. And this actually pretty cool little property. 36 units. Richard Kiko. Sweet. He's a little oneoff little broker guy out there. Then maybe this is the only listing he has right now on Craigslist, but maybe he has one or two that he's working on behind the scenes. Sweet. Hey, Richard. Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. I'm going to be out there in two weeks. I'd love to meet you. Tour the property. I'm going to be buying in this market coming up. This looks like a cool deal. Maybe we can make it happen. But if not, I'm going to buy. So, I'd love to get on your preferred list. I'd love to get on these deals because I'm sure you're doing some BOVs right now on some deals or months that are maybe coming up. I'd love to be considered when you have them in the pre-market before it gets to Krexy. Before it gets to Crexy, Richard, I'd love to take a look at it. Okay. It's all relationships. And once you have a handful of these in your back pocket, you know, you get three to four of these brokers in the market on average, you'll have enough to get a decent deal flow coming through. And then you'll start to see the emails and all that stuff rolling through that'll have all the information. Hey, this is coming to market. Sometimes it's just in a text format on a email. Sometimes they'll have all the information ready to go. Either way, they're in the pre-market phase before they've hit the full-blown krexy.com. and that is what you want. But it is going to take you building that relationship in that market. Okay, does that make sense? Because I know you've heard it a lot of times and we will do some live calling. I think that's a great idea uh to get back on it. We've done it in the past, but I'll do it again. Do it again. Um, perfect. Got a few more minutes for some Q&amp;A here, but I think this was helpful for some of you that are kind of newer coming into it, like, hey, you know, why am I setting up my market? Why am I doing all of these things? Why is there this process? Because I can guarantee if you go talk to a broker and you go talk to Richard and you let him know what you're doing and you say, "Hey, Richard, I'm actually here in town. I'm listen, I'm newer to the this market, but what I've done already, I've met with a couple of the PMs you've sent me. I've talked to a few of the lenders you've sent me because I'm setting up my little team here locally, including you, because I'm buying and I'd love to do it through you. So, I'm setting up the team. I'm getting all the logistics in place. I'm doing all the backend, got everything locked and loaded, blah blah blah blah blah. So they know that you're like not foolish yet, at least not entirely. You get the point. That's the whole it's the it's the it's the feel-good deal that has to happen. So that way Richard says, "Listen, man. Fine. I'll get you on my pre-list. We have some stuff that may be coming up here in a month or two. Love to send them out to you so you can look at them before they get to the websites." Perfect. Thank you so much. Let's rock and roll. And that'll be the process for it. Okay. Um, thumbs up if if you like this, thumbs down if you don't or don't say anything. [laughter] But this is this is this kind of process for it. Okay. And and this has to happen because it's still, you know, unlike residential real estate, commercial is still close to the best. Um, it's getting better, right, in terms of technology and having websites and marketplaces, but it's still at the end of the day. It's still the process of step one and step two of a property coming to market. Step one is it goes through the pre-market database that the brokers have of 25 to 50 investors that they like. Maybe they've done business with them, maybe they haven't. But 80% of all these deals will sell right here. If it does not, it's going to move to stage two, which is cruxy.com. So, you need to catch it here. The only way you're getting here is you're going to use krexy to come here. You're going to find the brokers, make the relationship so I can get on this list. this list. So, I'm not sitting over here looking at this list, which is only 20%. And I'm getting frustrated because all these deals don't make sense. I know they don't. That's why they're on the website. So, we need to get here. We're going to get here. And this is how you do it. This is how you do it. Um, beautiful. So, yeah, what I will plan for, um, so next week, FYI, because we have our three-day event and all that stuff, we will not have a, uh, Thursday like this, okay? Okay, we'll have a Tuesday but not a Thursday. And then so just FYI on that for everybody here and we'll send out the messaging so everybody's aware of that. And then for everybody coming into town into Vegas as part of the community for the networking and all the stuff we're doing as well as the it's really for the the the workshop, right? The live streaming and all that stuff we're doing. Uh but everybody here gets free tickets, FYI. So, um, if you if you have not signed up for it and you actually want to come to it, you're not going to get any more information in terms of what's going to be said because it's really for people that are newer to it and haven't been into the community yet. Um, but the networking side, which is why the inerson's there, is valuable, right? Connecting with people and other mentees and other people in the community for networking, money, collaborations, partnerships, all of that. That's what it's really there for for you. And then our next one for everybody on the east coast and so forth is going to be in Charlotte. It's going to be in Charlotte, North Carolina in Q1 of 2026. And then our next one after that will be in Dallas, Dallas Fort Worth. And that'll be probably the middle of next year. So we're going to be doing these right three a year for the workshops and networking for that purpose. So just depending on what you which one you can make it to. Okay. Uh it should be you should have already gotten the text. I'll I'll have the team go into your system, uh, Shahham, and, uh, because I I did see the text go out to set up your appointment with them. Uh, so we'll we'll make sure that you go back into your text messages, double check that because I did see it go out yesterday. Um, so go back into that same text thread from yesterday when you came in. It should be there for a link to to set up the onboarding uh with Zach, but we'll make sure of that. If not, um, cool. Awesome, Tony. Uh, the networking hours for Friday. So, it starts at uh 10:00 a.m. on Friday, but technically 9:00 am on Friday for the the workshop, and then we'll have some networking in the evening afterwards. And that'll probably go to like 8:00 p.m.ish uh in the evening afterwards. Um, but after 8:00 p.m., we'll be done on Friday on Friday. So, um, but yeah, I would love to see you there. That would be great. Love to see you there. Um, and then yeah, for anybody that does want to come into that, I'll send in the link here one more time so you have it because all of you guys uh have your stuff all included as part of it. I'll put that up here real quick before we end up. Okay, we'll do that. Put it here. So, that's that link and then you can use the code mentor. Uh, no, you want to do the inperson, Julian. But if you can't do the in person, you're looking what you're talking about is for the uh uh if you're going to do it virtually. So, let's do that real quick. Let me pull something up real quick. I'll let you know. I'll give you the code for free virtual since you won't be in person since you're in you're you're way far away, dude. [laughter] You're not come. You are not coming in person. So, one second. I will get you that virtual code. Okay. The code for that 3-day free. Pretty original. Threeday free, Julian. And uh it should get you in there. If you're doing the virtual, select that, put in that coupon code. Should be $0 checkout. Okay. For you and anybody else if you're going to be virtual on it. Uh the inperson is the mentor. or you type in the code mentor um for the in-person free and you'll get that for all of you who are already part of the community. So um sweet. Any last questions before we finish up here? So yeah, next week um do I do it on Tuesday? We're going to do it on Tuesday. We're going to do it on Tuesday if you can make the Tuesday. Uh if not, we'll do it again, right? because some people can make Tuesdays and Thursdays, whichever it works. Um, we will do it on this coming Tuesday, I'll do some virtual call out to brokers and then also on the following Thursday, I'll do it again in this setting here and we'll call out so you can kind of see how that conversation goes live and in real time. We will plan for that. That'll be great. So, awesome everyone. Well, I'll let you roll. We're right on time here to be respectful of your time and I hope you enjoyed it and any questions let us know. Please jump into the back end of the chat and chat us. You have my personal if you go into the back thumbnail you'll also see my personal cell phone number and email. You can reach me directly on my cell phone. Okay. So awesome everybody. Have a great rest of your afternoon. Oh and happy Halloween if you're trick-or-treating or not. Uh awesome. I I should show you my costume but I won't. [laughter] I'm I don't know what I'm I have like some Jason outfit and I have a gas mask thing, you know, for the kids and they're wearing other weird stuff and we're all going trick-or-treating. So, enjoy it, you know. Have a good time. Have a good time. All right, buddy.