Testing. One, two, three. What's up everybody? Come on in. Happy Tuesday. &gt;&gt; Happy Tuesday, &gt;&gt; Vincent. Good to see you. Good to be here. &gt;&gt; All right, we got Tony in here. Rory, Jacob, good to see you. &gt;&gt; Hi, Justin. Good to see you. &gt;&gt; Happy Taco Tuesday. [Laughter] &gt;&gt; Uh Vincent, where are you uh chiming in from today? &gt;&gt; New York. Beautiful. Uh how's the weather out there right now? &gt;&gt; Uh it's about to get real crappy. You're supposed to have rain straight through straight through till Tuesday. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm looking forward to it. &gt;&gt; Oh gosh. Um &gt;&gt; it's usually the only way I get any time off. &gt;&gt; H &gt;&gt; I'll take it. &gt;&gt; Hold this up. Um all right, let everybody come on in here. We'll get started. Um, so goes to show you that you can't plan for everything. Uh, obviously has anybody been watching what's been happening in Texas on the flooding? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Obviously, the tragedy is it's just &gt;&gt; unbelievable. It's unbelievable. And that was just northwest about 40 miles of San Antonio. 40 45 miles uh where we have some properties. But, uh, it took out one of our mobile home parks. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, so yeah, I got our email. I'm not we're not the main um, uh, GP on this. Uh, so it's with our partners, but, uh, here is some photos. &gt;&gt; Wow. For everybody to enjoy. uh we have insurance, you know, we have insurance. And once again, I mean, this is irrelevant in the midst of &gt;&gt; wow &gt;&gt; the the devastation that's going on and the death and I mean it's just it's unbelievable. The prayers are out for all the families right now. It's just unbelievable. Um yeah, it's it's absolutely heartbreaking. Um but u anyhow, this is this is minor at the end of the day, right? in comparison to people's lives that were lost that are still being lost. I mean, they don't there's still 131 people missing. I mean, it's just it's unbelievable. So, um yeah, this is actually an RV park. So, we own six mobile home parks. This one was specifically an RV based, but yeah, wiped out, I mean, twothirds of it. Uh thankfully it's because of the way it's set up, it's not, you know, uh you know, you have a bunch of RVs and some mobiles that are on sites and stuff. There's insurance there, but you're still going to have to go through it, right? And deal with it. Um but just goes to show you that doesn't uh doesn't really matter that uh the uh mother nature will decide what's going to happen with you. you know, you just sometimes you just you got to just laugh even though you can't really laugh. Um but uh for the folks coming in here right now, I see everybody coming in. So I was just going over um you know, we have some stuff out in Texas given all the floods and everything going on. Uh you know, and like I was saying, it's irrelevant of the the life and tragedy um that's going on there. But yeah, our one of our mobile home parks was wiped out um that uh that we have there. So, um that's the fun part, but not fun part. Um but we'll get it back together. The guys are working hard. They're already out there. Uh you know, they were on site um I think today if I'm not mistaken. No, yesterday. Um, but yeah, this is just the back country, you know, going up through northwest kind of outside of Austin and San Antonio, kind of up in the Kern County and stuff. Uh, we're I I mean, I guess knock on wood, we were very fortunate that this missed San Antonio cuz I mean, it wasn't far away, but I'm I'm still flabbergasted. Um, the amount of rain that fell. Unbelievable. I mean, it's it's a when you talk about a once in a hundred year flood type thing, this is once in a hundred year flood thing. So, um you know, and it does happen. So, &gt;&gt; sharing that to to get us going today. Um, so yeah, let's talk about some wins and losses real quick and then I'll chat about some um, uh, experiences with some recent uh, students and mentees to kind of give you guys some guidance on that front. Uh, as you guys are, you know, dealing with starting the, you know, finding of deals, analyzing them, writing them through, uh, some recent wins and stuff as well. Rory, I know you guys, I know you're on here. I know you guys closed on that 33 unit. Is that right? setting you to unmute. So, but yeah, I know you guys closed on that one in Kansas City, that 33 unit. So, congratulations on that one. Um, and I know there's a bunch underwrite and some other stuff out there as well. Um, but yeah, Vincent, why don't you share real quick, if you have a minute, um, kind of 30 second backstory with you and what you're trying to accomplish this year by the end of the year. Um, well, I own a construction company and a transportation company on Long Island in New York, and I don't want to work this hard anymore. I'll be 55, and I'd like to make sure that I can back out of this within the next 10 years. Um, by the end of this year, my hopes would be to have two properties. &gt;&gt; Um, I'm not set. I don't have my mind set. Originally, I was going to start off with section 8 single family. &gt;&gt; Yeah. but with a similar amount of money out of my pocket, I could get a multif family. So, it just kind of makes more sense. Um, and I'm looking for generational for my five kids. So, I'm looking for something generational for that as well. Um, but I'm like by the end of the summer right now I'm in the midst of I just sold my primary I just went into contract today on my primary residence. I'm moving, you know, 40 miles away to a nice 2acre property. Um, so I've got my hands full this month. Um, but in the meantime, it's, you know, life keeps happening, so I need to be on these calls. Um, &gt;&gt; and I'm hoping by the end of the summer, and, uh, I don't care what type of properties they are, as long as they're going to generate, I'm like wide open right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, I was actually looking at uh and I and I'm doing it mostly for research, but I was looking on Facebook and on the internet at companies, you know, RVs, RV parks for sale, trailer parks for sale. I I my I don't know how true it is, but most of my research is saying that they're great investments. Um, &gt;&gt; yeah, depending on, you know, where you're getting them. I mean, that's a key component, location, all of that stuff. because I know you being in New York and and we had talked about where you're planning to invest in. Is there certain areas that you would like more than others? &gt;&gt; Um the ones that are going to generate what I need them to generate. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um again, I'm wide open. Originally, I was thinking Birmingham, Alabama, Memphis, Tennessee, uh Memphis, Tennessee. Um Little Rock, Arkansas. Uh I'm not stuck on those. Three years ago, I started really thinking about doing this cuz uh my transportation takes me past Cleveland into Indiana. So, I go from Long Island to Indiana and back. Um, Cleveland just happened to be on the way. I know they're doing a major revitalization there. Um, you know, you could three family houses are going for 100 110,000. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Three years ago, um, I was go I own a construction company, so I was looking for distressed properties, but it doesn't make sense for me to go in and spend three month two months or three months renovating something that's only worth 120,000. Um, &gt;&gt; yeah, you're just trying to find that value ad play and that's kind of why as you're kind of coming in here and I see Priscilla because I want Priscilla to introduce herself as well, but downloading that mobile app. So when you came in and you're back in, you'll have the access. You can go on Apple or Google, download that app, log in with your same credentials, and then make sure you get into the feeds. So in the upper left, you can click those like three little lines. It'll drop down and show you like southwest, northwest, northeast. make sure not only are you in the community, but you're also in the feeds and for the different areas because we're segmented people out so that way people can collaborate based on region. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; and then I'm also probably going to be out in Indiana next uh month in August uh looking at some deals and so we can kind of plan around that for the kind of the the Midwest north Midwest people are going to be in that area. Uh, we should connect, you know, when we're up there. I'll give you guys a heads up on that. Um, Priscilla, are you here? &gt;&gt; Hello. Yeah, I'm here. &gt;&gt; Hi. How are you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm doing good, thank you. How are you? &gt;&gt; I'm doing well. Doing well. Yeah. How about you introduce yourself? Say hi real quick and then kind of what uh markets you're looking in currently as you're getting started. &gt;&gt; Sure. Absolutely. Uh my name is Priscilia Fajang and I'm in this together with my husband Jacob. He's on the call and um this for us um for us we're looking to break free from all the debts that we have so far. I have a lot of debt and bills that needs to get paid. And secondly, um looking to potentially have this like main stream of income. Um, I currently work in IT cyber security and I mean it's it's not a bad uh career. However, things could be better just because right now we're like surviving paycheck to paycheck and we feel like um having this set up correctly with the help of Justin is going to help us gain that financial freedom and pay off some of the debts we have. And we're people who like to give, give back to the community, give to people in need. And we feel like this is going to help us to be able to give more, give back more to um people struggling around us. So those are some of our motivating factors for this. We are in the Kansas City area. So, if there any Kansas City people in the house, we would like to to connect and um get to know you better. And yeah, for now, we're targeting local this local market. And we're also potentially thinking of other places like Nebraska, North Dakota, and Minnesota. Not sure about how those markets are from your perspective uh Justin with the experience you have, but those are places that we would like to explore. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Okay, beautiful. Yeah, and I know I saw um I saw Rory raise his hand in here, but I wanted to bring on real quick Joshua because we're going to take a quick little look deal and kind of walk through uh Josh, I see you in here, Joshua. um you know how you kind of came across this one and because that's kind of the first steps as we kind of you know if anybody's getting started kind of your first initial steps when you're getting going is number one to go through your 90-day action plan and guide so that way you're setting up some of your back-end administerial stuff whether that's your website as an investor or some of the CRM stuff so you kind of have that in play LLC setup which we help you with if you don't already have it and getting some of that in place so that That way you look officially official. So now when you go out finding deals and talking to brokers and actually starting to write offers as you're analyzing these things, you kind of are ready to go in a way and you're not catching tail. So that's usually the first steps in between myself and Zach and the people inside you walking you through those checklist on your 90-day action guide. But that's really in the beginning, everybody knows as you're getting started, you're in steps one and two. Steps one and two, which is you're finding and analyzing and writing offers. finding and analyzing and writing offers and you're in that cycle until one pops. Until one pops. So Josh on this one here and let me share the screen real quick because this is one you sent in that they they're analyzing as we as we speak but I figured I'd bring it up on camera. Um you want to talk a little bit about this real quick if you're here? &gt;&gt; I am here. Um sorry I'm at work. Uh, so I've analyzed probably 50 in the last two weeks. I don't really remember this one in particular. &gt;&gt; That's okay. It's a lot of deals. Yeah, this one's in Kansas City. So, you you sent this one into the team uh 48 or less than 48 hours ago. &gt;&gt; Um, yeah, this weekend I hit it hard. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but no, I mean, just you're getting the OM and stuff. I don't know if you just pulled this one straight off. Uh oh. Bryce Bradshaw. Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think it was from Crexy. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I'm pretty sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so, as I was telling uh someone today, I said, you know, when you're using Loopnet or KEXY or any of the online portals, as you guys know, you're not using them to find deals. They're using them to find brokers, right? I mean, that's why you're doing it. Give you an example. I was just looking in Indiana with uh Michael Hadley and we pulled up and the entire state of Indiana had about 200 multifamily deals currently on the market on cruxy.com. And he's like, "Well, that's doesn't seem like a lot." And I said, "Well, no, no, no. That's only representing maybe 30%." So I said, "Take that 200 divided by.3 real quick." And that was actually 489. So I said, 'You really have about 489 properties that are for sale right now. You're just only seeing about 200 of them. Okay. So I said, 'You're not using Crexy to find deals. You're using Crexy to find the brokers who are doing the most deals, and you can see that by their logos and their names coming up on the websites enough because those are the ones you're going to really target to get behind the scenes to go tour these properties, whether it's Bradshaw here or any other ones in in Kansas City. So that way now you're starting to see deals too much &gt;&gt; that you otherwise would never see. &gt;&gt; What's up? &gt;&gt; Oh, sorry. I &gt;&gt; That's okay. &gt;&gt; I'll put on mute. My bad. &gt;&gt; No worries. But yeah, I just wanted to kind of walk through this one real quick and I'll share um this is the OM. So, this was called an offering memorandum. It's kind of like their little pitch deck from the broker, little marketing piece that goes through the unit mix, amenities, kind of current rents and things they're getting on the property, some of the property information. You know, they've done some upgrades on it. As you can see, they've come through here and upgraded the property. And I see where it's located at. It's seems like a decent little pocket. Uh just have to take a look at the neighborhood and stuff. Um, as I'm looking at it right here, I mean, we know. Uh, that's good. So, you want to be real careful. Just FYI, Josh. See TR Avenue right here? You're right on the cusp of of nastiness. Just because I know that market really, really well. So, you want to really be careful. Just take a look at that when you're driving through it. Um, in that neighborhood, you're right on the cusp there. Um, just FYI. &gt;&gt; Uh, yes. Please tell me all about it. I don't know anything about it. Yeah, I mean it's a good little pocket and it's everything's kind of moving that way, but you would definitely want to drive that neighborhood because um yeah, it's crazy how a few blocks one way or the other, but Truce Avenue is kind of like that sector point between, you know, good and bad neighborhoods, just FYI. But, you know, the whole point of these things is really to give kind of fluff pieces and then that way if you ended up going and doing this deal, you could use some of the data that they're pulling together from photos to everything that they have in here from financials information area about market information, all that to put into your pitch deck that you're going to use for investors. Okay. So, that's really what these things can be used for as you're going through it. So, let me showcase the actual financials real quick that you put together. and we can walk through this deal analyzer. Okay, so this is the s simple deal analyzer as you guys know. We did update just so you know with the new version that's in your portal that you can download and that has a bunch of and this one doesn't for whatever reason you must be using the old one here Josh. So you want to go back into your portal in your mentorship and into the download section because they have a bunch of comments in here with like red little you'll see these things like this. Okay, little red comment buttons here that has um instructions on how to properly fill out each cell. Okay, just FYI. Just FYI and you know what kind of things you should be looking for in that. But I see you know you've entered everything pretty good coming through here. Um you probably want to see I mean if you're going to syndicate this correctly that probably needs to be 6% or at least 5%. So, that would be a number I would look at. Your interest rate looks pretty decent right now. You've input all this correct. Uh although it's 47 units and you have 43 down here, so you're missing a few. But we just have to look at that. Um and then that seems super low. So, you want to look at that for the taxes. I know that's probably not accurate on that property. It's probably closer to that right now. Uh insurance, that's probably an alignment, maintenance, repairs. Um yeah, and you'll see on the new one because they put in comments and everything in there, so you'll know kind of from a basis, you know, what you should have there as a number. So like this number should be closer to $700 per unit per month. I'm sorry, per unit per year. So this is right now 188. Just making sure you have it on the right numbers there. Yeah. So this would probably be about 25 grand somewhere in there. Maybe 30 grand. And then you're going to have some turnover in here. So maybe 5,500 in turnover. You'd want that divided by that. It's another 117 in there. Uh, so that when you put those two together, we're at around 750 bucks, which is fine. And this should stay the same over here, the pitch 500. Um, so that's closer in alignment, just FYI, on your expense ratios right there. This one's going to be closer to that. Um, so that's why this number probably needs to be up closer to 40,000. Um, all that looks good. I don't think you'd go down in marketing. If anything, you'd stay the same. But yeah, you're going to run for that area, for this age of building, 1926 building, even though it has some remodeling done on it, you're you're going to be every bit of 48% 50% expense ratios. So once again, when you go into the new version of this deal analyzer in your portal for download, it'll say it right here. You'll have a comment in there. that's going to say, "Hey, this number based on this vintage age of building should be x, y, or z." So that way, it'll give you some guidance as you're kind of filling these things out, and you'll make good decisions uh going through it. And then also in the back in your portal, if you're going through those video lessons, there's about three or four case studies of me literally analyzing deals step by step using this deal analyzer, plugging it in one by one by one by one by one and pulling the data, the financials off of the financials and plugging them in here, you know, so that way you'll kind of see how you're going to physically do that process A to Z. And I'm walking you through that. So that's really important. Um, cool. So, that's down here. I mean, right now the deal barely makes any sense. So, kind of looking at these metrics down here, um, you equity multiple fine. This number probably needs to be at least 10%. In that market, your economic loss numbers, this includes physical vacancy, bad debt, concessions, loss to lease. Physical vacancy, bad debt, concessions, loss to lease. And if if you're trying to understand what those are, um physical vacancy is physical vacancy. Concessions are maybe giving free rent out for a month to get somebody there. Bad debt is people not paying rent. Loss to lease is the difference between your actual market rents and maybe what you're getting. Maybe you're getting more or less than the market. That's loss to lease. So, but typical for this market would be somewhere around 10 to 15%. So, I'll go and put 10%. And then uh 76,000 in other income. Where is that coming from? That seems high. Let's take a peek at that. I'm going to scroll through this. Let me show you what I'm looking at here so you understand. when I'm looking at the data coming through on the the OM. Let me see if I can find out where they're pulling that number from. Um &gt;&gt; I think they were doing parking spaces, cat rat, other things like that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I'm super uh Oh, I see what they did here. Yeah, I'm super interested on how they're doing these taxes. Uh &gt;&gt; it says also other income includes water fees, trash fees, pet fee, and laundry income kind of &gt;&gt; right. Yeah, they have it here. Yeah, I see that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um but yeah, we'll have to just dig into that a little bit. Uh they're showing 8% here for which is, you know, I use 10% vacancy. credit loss. Um, what I'm really interested in is how they're calculating these taxes. That's really weird. You'll want to verify that data and information. Um, I just put in a placeholder for 40 grand in there. So, they have it in there. 76 grand. So, that's here. That's that's a real number based on what you're just going to verify that, right? You're going to verify that. Um, but based on these numbers, I mean, it's not terrible, right? You're 7.7 and 16.04. 4. Um, so that technically works. Is this their asking price of 3.295? &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah, that's what it says. &gt;&gt; Okay. 35% down. So, I'd probably run it like that. Um, yeah, I'd like to see and this uh this one was on Loopnet or whatever. That's interesting. I mean, um, yeah, you just want to double check that neighborhood, you know, double check that neighborhood. Um, based on the current financials, you're not quite there. So, you'd probably be looking at maybe like 31. Adjust the price down and stuff. And see, now we're there. That gives you a decent little return. Yeah, it's just making sure that that, you know, the neighborhood's okay. Um, I mean, you have parking and stuff there, which is nice. You can maybe add in some security and stuff. Ton of lights depending on the situation in the neighborhood. That's all you're really looking for and just sprucing it up. And then seeing kind of where some of the path of progress and stuff is going for development and all that. But, um, yeah, I know that pocket pretty decent. So, that seems like an interesting little uh little deal. Uh, Leandra, I saw you raised your hand. &gt;&gt; Oh, I did. Uh just a reminder or maybe a confirmation once you moved like we talked last time I was here once you moved the vacancy from 6 to 10 the IR got better and some of those numbers got better and then uh from what you told me you have to go in IR and make sure yeah those are also 10%. Um, remember what? &gt;&gt; Yeah, and he's he's using the older one. So, that's why he's got to use the uh the updated one. I don't know in here. So, that should be Yeah, it should be not It's Yeah, he's using the older one. So, yeah, Josh, you'll want to download the updated one um because it's pulling it from here in your expense bumps. What it should Yeah, it's okay. &gt;&gt; And this one should be &gt;&gt; right here. Yeah, from what I noticed that can make a big difference once you aot yeah you know using a 6.5 cap is fair uh on your exit it's fine for that market uh rent bumps fine and okay yeah so that will change your IRRa tab down here quite a Okay. So then coming back to these numbers, um let's double check the error cash on cash that number there. Okay. So I think what we're presuming here is two years of IO, which is not uncommon, right? two years of your first part of your loan is interest only and then it goes to principal and interest. So that's not uncommon. Um okay. Yeah, this looks pretty good now. Um so perfect. &gt;&gt; So we're looking for at least 4% cash on cash, right? &gt;&gt; No, you want to see at least six to six to 10% six to 10% cash on cash. Yeah. Yeah. And in the new one, you'll see a comment down here that'll guide you on where these metrics should be. But your IRRa is too low here. So ultimately, what you want to do is you got to I mean everything else being equal, unless you can raise more revenue or drop expenses, right? You got to start adjusting price to get there, which is probably why this thing has not sold, right? &gt;&gt; And what IR are you looking for? &gt;&gt; Uh at least uh 15 plus percent. So in this case, now we're starting to sit in a target zone. see these 8.5 which is good 16 plus% two on the equity multiple that's starting to let you know hey this thing's going to start producing some cash flow um so it'll get within reason uh and then depending on how you split up your splits here you you may want to do like an 8020 on this thing which I'm just messing with some numbers right now um 6% on that hurdle make that seven. So that's that's going to get you an IRRa down here for your investors of about 15%. Two on the equity multiple. That's pretty good. You can attract money with that. Just FYI. Um Allan, I see you just chimed in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like for the equity multiple, I guess, and for the IRRa, I guess, what's the kind of the the playout of that? Are you talking like, you know, 3 years, four years? I guess. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Correct. You always want to go with a business plan of 3 to 5 years. 3 to 5 years. &gt;&gt; Ideally, if you can hold for five years, like the best play for everybody. This is the best play for anybody in here is if you can buy a property today, right? You put in 30 50k of your own money, right? And then you get all the fees and all that stuff coming out for you. You improve the property, get the rents up, and in two to three years from now when when interest rates are down and the values are up and cash flows are improving, now you can refinance the property. Okay? &gt;&gt; And then with that, pay back if not all a good portion of your investors and pay them out and down. So that way now you're taking more control of the property and you're using the tenants in the property and OPM other people's money to do it. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. and you're getting all the tax benefits on top of that. And then ideally you want to hold it for five years. So that way because you and this is a little bit of in the weeds, but when you go to sell the property, if you're selling it any sooner than five years, the the what's called depreciation recapture, &gt;&gt; you have to actually what's called recapture that depreciation, it's heavier if you're selling it sooner than five years. So that that's why it entices everybody to hold on to it for five years or more and then your depreciation recapture uh is lower and that benefits you from a tax perspective because remember and we get into this and we'll talk in weeds but ideally it's um you can make all the money you want to make but this is really a tax play too, &gt;&gt; right? you're going to attract money and attract investors because of the tax benefits, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So, you put that you put a explanation of that of the dynamics of how that works as far as the tax benefits and your pitch deck too. &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah. As best you can. Right. And typically, just so you know, uh it's a oneto one, right? It's a one one meaning for every dollar that your investor invests with you typically year one they're going to get that in a tax savings back to them. &gt;&gt; Uh this is why it's great to attract money right around this time of the year &gt;&gt; because anybody who invests with you and they may have like a 50 to $100,000 tax bill they have to pay to Uncle Sam, right? and they're starting to look at that going, "Oh, I'm going to have to pay this to Uncle Sam come 2026, so I might as well invest it into a deal this year. &gt;&gt; Have them do the cost seg cost segregation and bonus depreciate that asset this year in 2025 to offset my 2025 income taxes &gt;&gt; that I'm gonna end up paying, &gt;&gt; right? Q1 2026." &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you bet. But that's a key factor in this. So this is how you would kind of look at this deal. But yeah, I think that the the thing starts to make sense around 2.9 Josh based on these numbers. Based on these numbers, if now I'd really like to look at this tax number and understand why they're projecting a lot less than that. So I'd really want to understand that because if that's the case, that drastically helps you on this property. Drastically helps you. But other than that, with all things B, &gt;&gt; I I made a spreadsheet where it calculates the taxes. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. So, just look at that and talk to the brokers because they even in their OM that they sent to you, they're showing a much lower uh assessed value substantially substantially, especially for that 3035 Harrison Street. So, that's just a question. I mean, property taxes adjusted for new 25 signing margin increase cycle. That's that's crazy. So, they're he's saying or the broker is saying that the property taxes are adjusted for the new 2025 assessments which are 69% decreased from the previous year. &gt;&gt; You haven't heard that? &gt;&gt; I mean, I have yet. I don't know. That's crazy. Um, but maybe Rory has some insight into that. Yeah, you're muted. Still muted. We got you though. Hold on one second. I'm going to uh No, you're not. Maybe it's just your It doesn't say you're muted, but I can't hear you. Maybe it's a microphone thing. I see Austin in here. Good to see you. Craig Henry, good to see you. &gt;&gt; And then I see Luis. Luis is in I always know you, Luis, by your glasses, man. Those things are awesome. &gt;&gt; You like these? All right. Appreciate that. I'll show I'll have to wear the other ones that I that I support every time. Um, can you talk more about cost segregation because I think I &gt;&gt; Yeah. did not do a very good job explaining to a potential investor and I was tr I didn't realize that it's like like because they were like well I just don't want to pay taxes right now so if you don't mind go through that and then I want to like figure out how to put this into a deck or a slide &gt;&gt; um that would be amazing uh and very helpful thank you &gt;&gt; yeah so let me walk through it here I'll draw it out a little bit see if this helps okay so let's say um see how should I start this out. Let's do this. Um, let's say you were buying a $2 million property, multif family. Okay? You're going to come here and you're going to get a loan for about a million4 and then you're going to have about $600,000 in down payment. We'll just keep it simple math here for a minute. So, this is on a $2 million property. You have $600,000 that's being brought in between you and investors, right? So, remember, you're going to be bringing in about 10% of that or in that case, it's about 60K, right, on this type of a deal. And then the rest of it, 90% of it would be the OPM game. In this case, maybe 540,000. So when you go do a what's called a cost segregation study. So let's say you closed on it now right here in July 2025. You'd pay for a deal like this. Let's say this was a uh a 25 unit. Okay. 25 unit. We have the cost segregation vendors in the back end of your system right now. If you go in there for your vendors and systems, you're going to see a couple cost segregation companies that you can use. Something like this would probably cost the partnership about 5 to 7K. Okay? The deal pays for it, not you. The deal pays for it. So, that cost segregation study is going to allow you, it's going to give you an estimate. Let me give you an example. Let me see if I can pull one up from a previous property to kind of show you how this works. Um, let's do [Music] Yeah, let's pull this one up. Let me show you what a cost segregation study. This is done by a third party. You pay them the few thousand bucks. They'll do a whole analysis for you. Takes a couple weeks and it'll be done. So, I'll come back to that screen in just a minute and that way we can finish up here. Um, but this is kind of what it would look like. This is on a property some years ago. They kind of come in here. They give you an analysis blah blah blah blah blah. What I really care about is what I can write off. I mean, anyhow, they give you all this stuff here. Uh, Um, so in this case, we found out we could take about 720,000 plus another 158,000 in bonus depreciation. Okay, bonus depreciation. And so that gives us about 800 and something,000, right? Based on and that's a $2.2 million property. $2.2 million property. So coming back to that analysis I was just showing you. Let's take a $2 million property again and let's assume it's going to be similar. So, let's assume you're going to have about $800,000 in bonus depreciation for year one that you get to use for this year in 2025. So, your team, you and everybody else invested 600. you're gonna get a paper loss for 2025 of $800,000. So, what that tells me is that you have a you're going to get a 1.3 X on your money. Meaning, for every dollar that you invest, you're going to get $1.3 back in tax write-offs this year, 2025. Are you following that, Luis? &gt;&gt; I'm following that. Yeah. You're gonna have to pay that back though, right? It's &gt;&gt; No. Knowing yes. Know and yes. Which is why I was mentioning earlier that you want to wait probably five years before you sell the property. So that way this recapture because what Lewis is talking about is when you go to sell the properties, you tend to recapture the depreciation you're taking now. However, the longer you wait, meaning five years or more, that recapture drops substantially. &gt;&gt; Got it. in terms of what you're required to recapture. So yeah, don't worry about that because the benefits of doing this far outweigh any recapture. You just want to do it the right way. &gt;&gt; So what that tells me &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; so what that tells me is that um &gt;&gt; let's do this. See, now I'm in that richer. &gt;&gt; Justin, if you refinance that, does that impact what you just said as opposed to sell it if you just refinance it? &gt;&gt; Uh correct. Because you're not selling the property. That's right. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; That's right. So, you're not you're not dealing with a recapture at that point. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what that means is you have $800,000 in paper loss that's going to come through on a K1 statement for 2025 for all of your investors. So, what I would be telling each one of my investors is I would say, "Hey investor, based on our initial analysis, for every dollar that you invest with us, you're going to get $1.3 back and a paper loss this year to wipe out that income." So, okay, how much is your taxable income this year, Mr. Doctor? Oh, it's about uh $150,000. Perfect. So, if you invest $150,000 with me in this deal versus giving it to a black hole, Uncle Sam, I'm going to give you that in a write off, a K1 statement. So that way you and your wife or anybody, you guys can wipe that out, right? If you guys set it up, right, you get to wipe it out both capital gains as well as ordinary income. So that's how it's beneficial for the investors. Does that make sense, Luis? Oh, you're on mute. Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Sorry about that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I got you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, on that thing when you say if you set it up right like do is there a max that they have like that they can all all that means is in order because typically it's just capital gains that you get to write off typically unless you're classified as a real estate professional. Okay, classified as a real estate professional. So, in order to get classified as a real estate professional, you or your spouse have to have a certain number of hours per year in real estate activities, &gt;&gt; which is not that hard. It ends up being around 15 hours per week. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. So like so I I have a client who he has he sells like he got inherited like a boatload of freaking stocks. So &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; Um he like he keeps on selling his stocks and he's getting like drove like a capital gain stacks on them. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So if he invests his money into this deal, then he can there's no limit to the amount that he can &gt;&gt; There is a limit &gt;&gt; wipe off that capital gains. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'd have to double check on the limit. &gt;&gt; There is limit. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, Luis, what what were you going to say there? &gt;&gt; There is a limit, right? Because it's it's it's all based on the taxable event. So &gt;&gt; Oh, correct. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. capital gain on the stocks that he's taking out, right? He's selling stock. So, yeah, that's capital gain event. So, it just depends on how much he's actually going to. So, it's it's that versus how much cost segregation is happening. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; That's it. You know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; Oh, I understand. But there's no like IRS limit like, oh, you don't can have $25,000 of depreciation in a year or some stuff like that. &gt;&gt; No, it's not. Yeah. What it's saying is um so it's 750 hours per year that you would have to spend um &gt;&gt; you said the real estate professional thing but like yeah if the if the investor is not a real estate professional &gt;&gt; yeah so and you you do get to carry it forward and back right so FYI so if you don't get to use it all up this year you can use it in in next years so just just so you're aware of that &gt;&gt; yeah you you what you want to do is you never want want to invest more than your taxable event, right? So, if you know that your taxable event this year 2025 is going to be 150k &gt;&gt; and you know that the benefit you're going to get from the investment is almost a dollar for dollar. That's the ideal setup in the syndicator. You guys can do a draft report when you're in the middle of buying the deals. The deal pays the deal pays for it. Don't mean to cut you off, but the deal pays for it. What What do you mean by that? That that &gt;&gt; it's built meaning it's built into the closing cost of the deal. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; That makes sense. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; All all the money you're raising, including the closing cost, is all built into the deal, including your legal fees, you know, lender fees, all that stuff is built into the deal. That's right. That's right. Oops. &gt;&gt; But this is kind of from a, you know, a higher level how that works. I mean, there's more complexity into it and we get into it in the lessons and the back end for you, but I'm happy to jump on it even on Thursday if we want to walk through another scenario because this is I mean, I'm finding this to be even more valuable today as people are getting hosed on taxes, right? and they're trying to find ways to improve their tax situations and especially if it's a husband wife scenario and the husband's maybe you know making a lot of money in this W2 environment and then the wife is maybe a stay at home working with the kids and stuff where she can get her real estate license spend 15 to 16 hours a week doing some real estate activities and therefore they joint file together and now they're getting the real estate professional status to wipe out both ordinary income which is your W2 income plus your capital gains, which is from investments. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; And that's kind of the holy grail. That's how it really works and how you benefit uh any investors that are higher income earners who are sitting there saying, "Yeah, I this is great. I'd love to earn 15% a year on my money, but what other benefits do I get?" You're like, "Dude, I can wipe out your tax bill." They're like, "What do you mean?" And then you show them and they're like, "Holy shit." Like like they lose their mind. They're like, "Is this legal?" And I'm like, "It's 100% legal." I said, "There's a reason why this happens, right?" So, you just have to set it up, right? And so, this is really, really, really important for people. Very important for people. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; They still can write off any capital gains tax. &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah. This immediately wipes out capital gains. That's the easy part. The real the real game though is making sure you set yourself up as a real estate professional status. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's one question, Justin. really quick. So, if we're going to employ this for a deal that we are working on, right? &gt;&gt; One, I guess the the can I can we go to your fund or can we go to a fund? Does it matter like does it you know what I'm saying? Like how do you raise that like million dollars very quickly? But if you've run out of your friends and family options &gt;&gt; and want to pitch, you clearly understand cost segregation. What I'm trying to say is how do I bring that to a a fund, you know, or to somebody that has like a lot of cash sitting there and I say, "Look, you can like use this um this strategy to write write this off to um &gt;&gt; yeah, I mean, it wouldn't work as easier for a fund per se. I mean, it would uh but then the fund's going to get the benefit and the pass through and then they'll pass it through to their investors and stuff." So, I guess it would work. Um, it would just depend on each individual's personal tax liability situations. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um, but yeah, that's also why in the beginning, you know, on your first deals, we're also sticking people to the 10 to 30 unit space, right? And keeping the capital raising side reasonable, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Where you're not raising a couple million dollars or even a million. Ideally, you're raising four to 600,000. So, that way you can get in and lock and load on that first deal. So it's not too overwhelming from a capital side. And then once you get the first one, then by doing that, you're going to then get more investors from it too, right? And then other people in the community can invest. So it's a combination of the community that can invest in your deals, right? It's also depending on the buy box. Our fund can also look at stuff depending on the size of the deal and stuff. And then yeah, your networks that we're helping you set that structure up because that's why we say, you know, getting the website, getting your LLC, getting some of that backend administerial stuff. So you guys look officially official is important because that's part of capital raising. So that way you're you're running an a business, an investment business and that investment business is going to attract money. No different than Tony's background. He's got a cool background now for T, you know, for multif family. You know, it's the same stuff. He's got the logos, they got the websites, they're doing everything right, you know, and it's just a matter of getting things to drop and strike. So, but yeah, you bet. Awesome. Everybody, I know we got to jump off here, but yeah, come in on Thursday. Come in on Thursday uh for the next one. Do we want to do COG there as well? And then I'll also be introducing kind of the challenge that I talked about. So that way we can get a few people here uh in Q3 uh where I'm going to be flying out to you. We're going to be choosing a couple folks and I'm going to fly out and tour the markets and walk on properties with you guys so we can get some people over the hurdle. But part of that's going to be analyzing a certain number of deals per week and then putting them through to do LOIs and offers. So, it's going to be a combination of analyzing writing offers, analyzing writing offers, and that'll be part of the challenge that we'll announce on Thursday. So, because yeah, once you're doing that and you're and you're and you're underwriting enough deals, um stuff's going to pop. you know, it's just it's a it's a numbers game part of that, too. I mean, it can be frustrating. I understand that. Um, but it's a matter of just getting in there and diving in and making things happen. So, &gt;&gt; awesome everybody. I appreciate you coming on. &gt;&gt; And hope this was helpful on the cost stuff and looking at these deals. &gt;&gt; Oh, good. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Justin. &gt;&gt; Thanks. &gt;&gt; Thanks everybody. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Justin. &gt;&gt; You bet. Yep.