Hello. Hello everyone. Come on in. Happy Thursday. Typing into the chat there as you're coming on in. Good to see David in here. Mr. Don Casper, how are you doing? Don, are you dedicating uh as much time to multif family as you are to getting ripped in the gym like you are? That's what I want to know. Don Don the hypnotist wants to know. Okay, Dom the hypnotist wants to know. Chime in in the chat. Good to see you, Julian. Uh and Julian, since you're on here today, I I'll probably bring you up just verbally uh vocally. Sorry. um and um even kind of chat about the deal that you don't have fully locked up yet, right? But you're in the process of it because I think that'll be helpful for anyone else who's in that beginning stage since you're, you know, very new to the community, but you're locking up your first deals pretty quickly uh and working on that. So, um Rose, good to see you as well. Um beautiful. Bruce, good to see you in here. Joe, awesome. Kelly, great to see you. See Sandy in here as well. So, great. Yeah. Let me pull up I'm going to give you guys the link as well to Dom because he sent it last night. Standby. I'll put this in the chat. This is for everyone um that's in the community already. if you want to set up a private uh hypnosis session with Dom the hypnotist uh he's offering it to everyone uh free uh that's in the community. So that link right there will let you fill out the little form and set up a private session uh with them if you just want to check it out because a lot of you have asked about that and that kind of plays into the mindset game. Uh, and we're still working. So, we didn't have as many takers on our uh once a month mindset um uh call, which typically would would have been last night, I would call it. So, and I wanted to kind of get a um temperature check from all of you on here. Uh is that something that is a value? Because we just haven't had many takers yet, so we paused it. Uh but if you think it would be of value, we'll make sure that we're going to be uh reigniting that each month for everyone. Uh yes, you can send it in there. Uh Kevin, if you copy that. So Kevin on the team here is inside as well to answer any questions. Um but yes, yeah, the mindset, the hypnosis side of it. Um it's pretty wild. It's pretty wild. I never thought I could get hypnotized. I was one of those people. And um yeah, try ham. Um yeah, so we'll we'll reignite that because it does sound like there's enough takers on it. We just haven't had people as many people registering for it. So, but it sounds like we'll just make sure we get it out to the community more so we get everybody registered for it and have that that mindset call once a month added in because we've had it there. We've just had it paused mainly because we just haven't have many takers. But happy to do it. and it'll probably be Kate running it um in there. So, we'll make sure that that happens. Uh cool. You're very very welcome. So, yeah, that link there for Dom the hypnotist. Um yeah, so I got hypnotized uh through I got connected to it initially through uh my therapist and they said, "Hey, like you may want to check this out." And I and I was like, "H, hypnosis? Is that like some hippie stuff?" Like, and they're like, "No, it's not what you think, man. Just go sit down with um with her and just see check it out." Um, and so I did uh and she did her initial assessment and stuff uh for the first hour and then we reset a new time for me to come in. Um, and we do it. And I think some of you have seen some of the photos and stuff where I mean it's you're in a room, black room, black walls, black mask, black blankets, you know, it's your your typical, you know, dark room and they have sound bowls and stuff that they put um they put down. The sound bowls are incredible, by the way. Has anybody used sound bowls before or know of them or how they work? Um, yes, Sandy. Well, uh, Kevin, if you can put that in there. Um, yeah, it's unbelievable. So, they have these sound bowls and, you know, the little very subconscious um, music will start that's playing at a very low vibration, right? And then she'll start her process. Um, it usually takes about 10 minutes to get me down. And it's always the same process where we'll start at the top of a staircase. Uh, and for my staircase is all black, black walls, black staircases, black handrailing, black everything. And then we'll walk down it. And by the time I get to the bottom of the staircase, like the door opening is lit up. Like you can kind of you imagine it kind of lit up, but everything else is black, right? So then you open the door and it's always a grass field and that's where it starts. So, it's pretty crazy, pretty wild. And uh yeah, you'll depending on where that journey is going to take you for that session. Um but a lot of times it'll go back to childhood in little things and moments. U both good and bad, right? Both good and bad. Um I Yeah, Costa Rica. You can definitely believe the hippie dippy stuff, [laughter] Rose. Yes. Um yeah, you have to be open to it. Initially I was not but then I was uh and her name's Lindsay. So she ran a place called Deep Space Deep Space in San Diego. She's a clinical hypnotist. And it's wild because the two things that we were able to extract pretty heavily. I said three things. The first one was I said hey I want to know why because they'll ask you like what do you what do you want to understand? So the first one was I want to understand why I have such a hard time asking people for help. Like why I try and do it all alone, right? So that was number one. And what we found out as we went all the way back down to it is it all originated in the back of my mom's Suburban when I was 8 years old getting picked up from school and leaving school driving past the road we turn on to our house and heading to the grandparents house because my parents were separating and my brother and my sister when I started I guess causing a fuss. I was the youngest in the family told me to shut up, stop asking for help and to just mind my own business. Apparently that set in place, okay, just shut your mouth and do everything on your own and don't ask for help. And so we extracted that in subconscious, you know, in the subconscious brain reinserted that no, it's okay. Like people want to help other people. You don't need to do it all alone. Pretty cool, right? So now that did a 180 on my brain cell and it all happened in the subconscious. So who knows of what I know what's going on but it's not happening in the conscious world it's happening subconscious. So that was number one. The other one we fixed was my um um mindset around money because I always for whatever and this happened because of 2008 and watching my dad go through a massive bankruptcy and lose it all. And so I had subconsciously created the belief around money that I could I only wanted to make so much because if I made too much then I would lose it all. Interesting. So go make money. Money is good but because money can also then too much money means bankruptcy. Completely subconscious, right? I had no idea that I had created this. So therefore you I would always get to a certain threshold and then stop myself. I mean then that that's what was happening. I was thinking I was playing small ball which is why I never went in syndicated apartments because I thought hey if I went and did this and I actually made it happen then I would make too much money and if I made too much money then I would I would file bankruptcy because that's what [laughter] limiting belief system completely subconscious. Had no idea that I had created that for myself. pulled that one out, re-extracted in a new belief system. Okay, so all these things and that was the other one. There was one more that we did. Um, get what it was, but it was a good one. I'll think about it. I'll think about it. But you see the point behind it because there are things that you have right now uh around this multifamily game and and not even so much specifically multifamily, but if you're, you know, part of this right now and maybe you haven't gotten a deal yet or whatever it is, um it's not necessarily due to lack of effort or lack of belief or want, but there's some some completely maybe some subconscious things that are stopping you from uh making enough calls to the brokers and taking the next leap to go travel to the market and leaning in to make that next step happen, right? Whatever it is, some of it's subconscious. You just don't even recognize it yet. So, that could be helpful to kind of walk through that. Just food for thought. Um and that's why the mindset thing is so important. Does that make sense? Thumbs up in the chat if that kind of makes some sense because sometimes we don't even realize it's happening. Another thing we're going to do and we're creating because I was speaking with Sanden who's part of the community last night and he thought this would be helpful and I thought hey that's pretty cool because you know right now we have the you know when you come in you have your 90-day action guide right and it's broken down week by week by week and this is all great right all great and then we also have the five pillar system Right? Because this is the five pillars of buying apartments. So, between the five pillar system that we walk through and the 90-day action guide, which really is the the detail behind those five pillars, right? The detail behind the five pillars. What we're going to do, which I thought was great, is to create a better visual road map. And I'm just going to show you an example. It's not the one it has no no reference to what we're doing. Um, but we're going to create a cool visual road map so that way you can identify exactly where you're at in the process and stay on track, right, as you kind of go through this snake road map between step A to step Z. Step A being, hey, you're brand new and you don't have any deals. Step Z being, I've closed my first one. Okay, so it's going to look kind of like this. Uh, but it's going to help us kind of help organize the visual process for all of you because maybe you're here or you're here or wherever it is and you want to know the details behind each stage, but being able to visually identify and or go back because if you get off track sometimes, be able to go back to No, no, no, no. I only got through stage two. I'm right here and I'm starting to do stuff in five, but I haven't done three, four yet. you get the point and be able to visually track yourself through the snake as you're going through this um to create this visual road map, right? This this kind of call it the product visual road map for you. Uh would that be of help to you versus simply a list, right? Because lists are great and the detail is all there. It's not a matter of not having the details, but because 75% of the human population, including yourselves and me, for example, I'm a visual learner, right? I'm a hands-on guy. And then I like to visually see where I'm at in the process. So creating this visual snake, call it in this road map to that way you can easily identify, okay, I've done this, this, this, and this. So therefore, I'm at this point in this kind of visual journey. And that way if I get off track or if you know I'm ADHD and being pulled in 14 different directions, I can pull myself back visually. And that's what we're going to do. So yeah, and and this came even from speaking with you, Don. And and like a lot of folks is you'll jump into the materials in the back and it's all great and then you'll get going on your action guide, your step by step, and then you'll get pulled right into doing that. But then when you come back, you you're kind of out of whack and you want to make sure we get back visually where you're at. And so that's what that road map's going to help do. So um so good. Yeah, Rose. Yeah. Awesome, Sandy. Yeah. So that way visually, right, it's easy to follow a list, but visually you can see like, okay, where exactly am I at in this process? And if I've gotten off tilter and been pulled through my ADHD, which we all have in one way, shape, or form, um, okay, how can I go back and and kind of reset where I should be at in the process? So, okay. And it keeps you accountable. You're right, Rose. Keeps you accountable to kind of exactly where you're at in that process. So, good. Um, so yeah, let me bring Julian up real quick. Uh, I'm going to allow you to chat, Julian. Um just I would like you to chat kind of identify exactly because you're newer in it exactly when you started because I think this will be helpful for anyone else and the steps you've taken because you're really identifying the Michigan market um and what you're doing so far. Are you there? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm here. &gt;&gt; Can you can everybody hear Julian? Go ahead chat for a second and that way everybody can give a thumbs up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So um can everybody hear me before I start babbling? &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, they can hear you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I mean, I joined the community I think uh it was like early uh early October, mid October. Uh I went &gt;&gt; just like ham on the um uh through the through the courses um and really started to reach out to brokers um build relationships with folks uh in the multif family. &gt;&gt; What was the Sorry to stop you. what was the um &gt;&gt; that initial step cuz last week right I was live here calling the brokers &gt;&gt; and by the way from last week's if you weren't here I was on the phone live calling the brokers &gt;&gt; and so we're uh that recording's available. But we're going to segment out that specific portion &gt;&gt; and have that be a separate kind of training video if you wanted to go watch it and kind of see the back and forth between myself and the broker and how I actually spoke. Um that'll all be available here shortly for you. So go ahead. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I mean, I definitely use the uh in one of the trainings you have, uh you basically preempting what brokers might ask and what types of responses you want um to, you know, kind of be speaking the lingo. Um I happen to choose the Michigan market because I've actually never been to Michigan before a day in my life, but I own three properties there. Um because so I'm a foreign service officer. I'm very comfortable sort of um not necessarily being in a market but uh understanding it and then building a team there in the single family game. So since I already have three properties in Michigan, I figured that's where I would start with multif family. So um now that I'm I've replaced the the real estate agent as the broker and uh speaking directly to the broker myself, um what was important for me is a foreign service officer is a US diplomat. So I'm I'm a diplomat for the I represent the US government overseas. I'm currently in West Africa and Liberia. Um so um so yeah, I've never been to Michigan, but because I already have three properties there, that's why I decided I actually have boots on the ground there. Um, so I could the very least I can do all the financial due diligence myself, but the physical due diligence I'm depending on the folks that I know in Michigan who can actually go and make sure that the property isn't a dump and that have more experience about what the, you know, the feeling of the neighborhood and stuff like that. But with respect to the the conversations with the brokers, um, you know, definitely going on KY, reaching out to folks, being proactive. Some people uh you know give a damn. Some people completely ignore you. Uh so following up um helps. Um I've noticed that sometimes when it comes to analyzing the deals, people seem to get a little offended uh by the uh the numbers when we're like, "Oh yeah, sorry. This isn't going to work." Um I've been called an idiot by uh one particular broker. Like you don't understand the deal. He was a bit of a jerk. Um but somebody else on his team was like, "Oh, I'm so sorry that he said that. you know, but you know, it does seem that your your model is very conservative, but I so it it really qu it like not understanding the numbers um without having your lens at first was very confusing because I was like, well, is any deal going to work? But then I started to understand why it's important to continue to go through the numbers because there's lots of stuff that they don't they don't include in the pro in the proforma like they &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love I I love that from the brokers, right? And u to give you a perfect example of that. So on t Tuesday today's yeah thinking about this day. So Tuesday we're sitting at lunch with a broker and Miguel and myself and we pull up the laptop and we go over one of the deals that we're looking at with the broker and we literally go through the numbers with him right there at the table because he's like we're like we're mix we're missing something here. and and we go through it and we show him that we've input the numbers exactly as he's put on his OM and then we began to well we said yeah but you're missing this and you're missing this like we're letting the broker know like this is not included but we start objectively saying yeah but these aren't &gt;&gt; you know accounted for and they should be and they should be accounted for in this way such as &gt;&gt; turnover cost he had like no money for turnover &gt;&gt; and he says oh but it's built into the repairs and maintenance but then we said well we went through the detail on the repairs and maintenance off the financials you gave us and there's nothing in there for any turnover, but you know darn well you're going to turn at least 30% of the building over in a given year and that cost is going to be X dollars per unit on average. I mean there's no way around it. &gt;&gt; Point being is a lot of the brokers when they put together their financials that are presented to you, &gt;&gt; they're making it in the best light possible &gt;&gt; by design because they're salespeople. But then when you really get into the nitty-gritty, uh, you got to kind of, you know, work through it and, you know, so we we gave some concessions to the broker in terms of he said, "Hey, well, you know, you should probably look at this, this, this, and this." And we said, "Okay, that's fair. It's a fair statement." So we adjusted to that, and if you do this, this, and this around like the uh the kind of rents and some other things, you can take that into account. and we said, "Okay, that's fair." But even when we did all of that and then we backed into the numbers, um you know what they're what they're thinking investors will accept. I'm like, "No investors accepting that, &gt;&gt; right?" &gt;&gt; And I said, "Nobody's going to bank off hope and pray today." Um John broker, I said that that's as you know, that's three years ago. like people would presume hope and prey pricing in the future. But I said we can't bank in rent growth for the next, you know, year, &gt;&gt; right? We just can't. So, um, we have to underwrite based on this market today because the bank's going to underwrite underwrite on the on the market today. Um, future rents are great and we may get those, but we can't underwrite a price based on that today. Um because what the what what the what a lot of the brokers are shooting for is that you'll go into a deal today with ne what's called negative leverage meaning the current cap rate right and I'm going to put this up on screen so everybody can understand this because this is kind of where the delta is between when I say the delta the gap between what the sellers are hoping and praying for versus where the market is actually at because that's the gap we're talking about. That's the frustration that everybody gets into because it's like, dude, the price for this thing should really be here and you're priced way up here. So, why that delta? The reason that delta is there is for this reason. I'm going to share this and then I'll write on screen here. So, standby. Cool. Yeah. So, the reason that's happening, just so you understand, let's talk about cap rates and then the interest rate environment. So, right now, interest rates are on on the types of buildings that all of you are probably going for, it's going to be somewhere between 6% to 7%. It's probably going to fall somewhere in the 6.5 range. That's where the interest rates are going to be. Now, cap rates used to be low, four and 5% even in these Midwest markets. What's happened is the cap rates have gone from four and 5%. And by the way, by definition, cap rate is the cash oncash return of the property with no loans on it. So presuming had no loans on it, that would be the return on a percentage basis you would get cash on cash. Does that make sense? Chime in the chat. Thumbs up. with a reaction if that makes sense. So by definition cap rate equals the cash on cash from that building with no loans on it, no debt. Okay? So think about this logically and this is why the debt coverage ratio, right, the DCR needs to equal 1.25 25 times, right? The uh payment amount. So, if your payment is $1,000 a month, if your mortgage payment is $1,000 a month, then the NOI, the net operating income, has to equal 1,225. has to equal 1.25 or I guess 250, right? $1,250. So that way I have a $250 cash flow after my mortgage payment. And once again, this goes back to this formula of the value of the of any building equals the net operating income over the cap rate. So with this in mind, right, with this formula, if your net operating income is too low, then that's telling you your cash on cash return is too low to cover your mortgage payment because this is your payment. Now, what's happening is the brokers are saying, "Hey, well, we're anticipating rent growth a year or two from now." So, I understand that you may be buying this thing at like a 5.25% cap rate today and you're going to put a lot of money down so that way you can actually make this mortgage payment happen. But in the future, in the future, rent growth, right? Hope and pray growth will allow you to get into positive leverage because if your cap rate is buying at 5.25, but your interest rates are higher than your cap rate, that's called negative leverage. you're negatively levered, meaning your interest rate you're paying right here on your loan is higher than the cash being produced, your negative leverage. So, the only way you can make that work is you have to put more down payment, more down. So, rather than putting 30% down, you're going to put 40 or 50% down. Well, that changes your all your returns. So, then you can't really attract money. So, you get kind of how it all starts to connect because then I'm like telling the broker, I said, "Well, sir, you're right. I can put 50% down, but then I'm not doing the deal because as you know, and any human being would know, and if and usually I usually turn around and say, "Well, would you invest in this deal? I mean, you're seeing your own numbers. Would you give me $100,000 broker and invest in this deal with me? And they usually get a deer in headlights look, right? Because then they start to come around. They're like, "Well, listen. I don't disagree with your numbers." Because that's usually what ends up happening. I don't disagree with your numbers, but the seller is probably not going to come to that fruition. I said, "Totally get it. Then clearly they don't want to sell or they don't have to sell. One of the two. They don't want to or don't have to because in order for the property to sell in today's market, I've got to produce a return of at least 14%. Right? At least 14%. And granted, maybe, you know, year one and maybe year two of the deal, you know, the returns are lower, right? So, they may be low here. And then because of year three, it starts to get much better, right? And that's what a lot of people are banking on is by 2027 and 2028, you buy now, right? You buy now when the market's down and then you put more money down now and then by year three, you know, this thing really starts to hum. rent growth is happening again and your returns go from like say 12% up to you know 15 18% a year for you and your investors. That's kind of what people are are trying that's the that's the picture the brokers are trying to push which is why you're having this delta which is why there's a challenge in the market and the only people selling in this market are either one they bought the property pre2020 before 2020 so they're in a good position as a seller or they're in a stressful scenario and they have to sell the ones you really want are stressed and have to sell, meaning they're not foreclosed on, they're not bank properties or nothing like that. But the seller's probably going to walk away from all their money, like all their equity in the deal because they bought 2021, 2022, 2023, and they're in trouble from a debt sit situation. They got to get out of it. And so that is the is the pain you need. if they're just selling it because they're trying to sell it and they, you know, want to get a premium price in today's marketplace. Well, once again, it goes back to it's very difficult to buy something at a five and a quarter cap rate if you're paying a 6 and a.5% interest rate. It just won't work ever. The only way what they call negative leverage, right? negative leverage would work is right here. If you bought at a six cap rate and your interest rates were 6.5, then you could probably make that thing pencil, right? If you were buying it at six, but your interest rate was 6 and a half, you could find that thing. You could make a way for that thing to work. But about a half point is where it stops. So if you're looking at your existing cap rate, right, the purchase cap rate on that deal analyzer and it says 6%. You'll see very quickly just simply based on the metrics, the minute you get to an interest rate at or more than 6 and a half that the deal won't work. it'll start to have problems in the metrics that are being pushed at the bottom of that deal analyzer. Does that make sense? Thumbs up if that makes sense. Okay, cool. Because you you'll see it. I mean, I'm trying to give you the detail behind it, but you'll see very quickly just in the metrics at the bottom of that deal analyzer. If there's more than a half point gap between your cap rate that you're buying it at and the current interest rates in the market, you'll see it in the metrics because the metrics will start to suck. You'll be at, you know, 5 and a half cash on cash and 11% IRR. That's what'll start to happen. And then as you begin to change the purchase price or the interest rates, then you'll start to see those numbers come into fruition. Um Julian does that I think you understand that. &gt;&gt; Yeah absolutely. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So that's why that's in place and so yeah it becomes a discussion with the brokers a little bit but by the end of the conversation and it was all very professional you know the broker came to the reality that yeah you know what like we probably need to include these things that you're including in your underwriting because I because they were trying to make you feel like you're an idiot. Right Julian? &gt;&gt; Right. Correct. And I'm trying to say, listen, I'm I'm I'm accounting for actual stuff, right? Whereas things are being left out in your numbers that and you're saying we're conservative, but we're not conservative. We're underwriting exactly how the bank's going to underwrite and how a deal would probably get done. You know, I I input your numbers first. I I literally stuck your numbers in, Mr. Broker, but then I had to make some adjustments based upon what the market really is. And then they always want to know, well, what kind of returns are you trying to achieve? And what they're going to try and do is push back on what returns you should be expecting. That's usually where they push. Well, you shouldn't really expect those types of returns right now, right? And I actually I've noticed that they've been very um having a really clear um idea of what we're looking for in terms of metrics is super helpful when you communicate to brokers about your buy box. Number one, they respect that. Um it does it makes you not sound like a novice. And two, having a little bit of difference in ter when you when you show them your numbers is like hey these are this is what I came up with. I'm open to a different interpretation that's g get gained me a lot of respect as well. And even though the one particular broker that I'm working with now on this deal, hopefully to get to a PSA in the next day or so, um I still have other brokers who I've I've turned down other deals. They still keep coming back with other stuff. So, um I mean it's it's I wouldn't have been able to say this a month ago cuz I didn't know, but it really does work. I mean, just build the relationship, keep in contact with them, you know, phone, email, um, and just do underwriting. And, uh, a lot of the brokers I've noticed are are they really nerd out about the numbers, and they also know that the they they know that some of these deals don't work. Um, and they're just trying to, you know, um, to find something that will fit for you if you if you show that you're serious. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's just being straight up with them. And that's why I always ask the question, when did the seller buy the property? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. Because if the if the if the broker says, oh, they bought it in 2017, then I'm like, oh, sweet. So, they're probably in a pretty good basis like in terms of where they're at and therefore that's something that could probably work because no different than we sold a property earlier this year and we bought it in 2018. So even though the market has dropped and the market's changed, we could still sell the property in today's market and we sold it at a 6 and a/4 cap rate in place financials. Why? Because the interest rates they were getting were 6 and a half on the property. Therefore, there's only a quarter point differential and the numbers could still work for them in today's environment and we could still make a million- dollar profit because we bought it back in 2018 pre2020. But if they if the broker would have come to me and said, "Oh, they bought it in 2022." I'm going, "Oh, shit." So, they're so they're selling because they need to get out. And then you'll see the nod happen on the broker's face. Yeah. You know, they they have a loan on it that's coming due or this is happening. that's coming due. They got to get out of the debt. So that's why they're selling, right? There's some pain in the system. So then it just it's a question of okay, so what's the current loan balance? Because there's a decent chance their equity is gone. And it's kind of having that come come to Jesus moment with the seller that their equity is probably gone. Um or limited, very limited. If if if they bought in 2022 and they're selling in 2025, they're in a tough position. Then they know it. Otherwise, they wouldn't be selling. Like, there's no way on planet Earth anybody who bought an apartment building 2021, 2022, 2023, or 2024 is selling right now. Unless you have to sell, period. There's just because it doesn't work. Like, you're underwater. you're in you're up Shit's Creek. So, you would not sell your property right now if you bought anywhere in those years unless your debt, your loans and things are forcing you to do something, right? We have a property in Texas. It's getting clobbered right now, but thank God we have 10-year fixed debt at 5.4%. That is the saving grace because if we had any other kind of debt on that property, we would be forced to sell it and our equity would get wiped out. We would lose $7.2 million. But because we don't have to sell, we're just going to fight through it until we can get to a better market where we can. But if somebody's selling and they bought that property anywhere from 2021, 2022, 2023, or 2024, and they're selling right now, something's going on. There's a partnership dispute. They got to get out of something. Something's going on where there's stress. And that's a good thing for you, but they also need to have a coming to Jesus that their money is probably gone. Meaning their equity probably wiped out or very limited. Otherwise, they wouldn't be selling. They would be that's stupid because they're going to get clobbered. So, it's just having that reality check for the people. And then, and the broker knows this. The broker's not a They're just trying to protect their side of the deal and it's just you have to go in there understanding that, you know, and just know. Oh, so if they tell you like, "Yeah, they bought it in 2023." Oh, okay. So, there there's some trouble going on like their debt something's coming due. There's an issue. And the broker's being like, "Yeah, well, they they got a loan that's coming up this and that, blah, blah, blah." Okay, got it. So, they understand that probably most of their equity is gone, right? Well, then that's when they're going to kind of push back a little bit. Well, I don't know about that and this and that. They're going to try and save their position, but in reality, you know, it's a tough scenario for them depending on the market they're in. Yeah. It's a it's a tough sledge because no one would sell in this market unless they have to sell right now or they have enough equity where it doesn't matter. Yeah. Um, but yeah, I think that so walking through that Julian with you. So, you kind of went through the process. You're analyzing deals. You're submitting offers and then a couple of them are out and you're starting to get some potential feedback where deals could make some sense. This deal that you're uh working on that could come to fruition now. Do you know when they bought it? Did I lose Julian? [laughter] Maybe I lost him. Or is he he's muted? Well, if he comes back on, he's in he's in Liberia right now. Western Africa. Um but yeah, so if I if I remember correctly um because this is kind of important details is um I'll pull this up because I can pull this data. Hold on one second everyone. Yep. Pull this up. just looking at some of the financials here. Um, even the deal analyzer here, but I want to pull up see if I can pull up this. This is in Lancing, Michigan. I'll share my screen. Let me end this real quick. Cool. You're back up now. All right. Uh, do I need to bring you in again? Maybe. Let's do that. Yeah, I'll bring you in. Um, so yeah, this is the property. Are you okay with me showing it, Julian? I think he's coming up here. So, I'm curious what you guys notice from the aerial and why this is probably a good location. Going back to the the stuff you're you're learning on locations and things to look for. There you go. Neighborhood. Yep. Lots of homes surrounded by residential. That is correct. Yeah. So, it ab butts all this nice little single family stuff in here. Um, thank goodness. The only thing I So, like if this cannabis thing right here was right next to it, I'd say e. But this is fine. This is abudded here. You got a little car wall or car um dealership which shuts down at, you know, 6 p.m. at night. Totally fine. But yeah, if the cannabis thing were flip-flopped and this thing were flip-flop or the cannabis were over here, that would probably be a concern. Um, but it's not. Not in this scenario. And then uh yeah, you goties and other things. Single family in there. Um so that's all good. Easy access in and out. Yes. Um allowing you to talk. It should bring you on. Should be bringing you on, Julian. Um but yeah, nice little property. Good little location. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it's uh I was concerned about that as well because again like uh yeah there there was a multif family across the street from this which is also there. But there's lots of single family surrounding it as well. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Which is great. Um looks like there's off streetet parking that tucks back in there and all that. So, uh, you did you see the one across the street's for sale, too? &gt;&gt; It is. It is. That one's a 12 unit. Um, it has two one, excuse me, two twobedrooms and then 10 uh onebs. The one I have is 16 one unit. So, I'm I'm better off with that one. Yeah, I like that one better. &gt;&gt; So, hey, if anybody here wants to go after the one across the street, let's connect with Julian in the WhatsApp. Let's take them Let's take them both down. I mean, maybe there's a great opportunity there for for I mean, that's a nice little 12 unit right there. Um, what's cool about the design, too, of the colonial look with the brick and then you have the um the shingles and stuff on the side and stuff. Yeah, it's your traditional kind of colonial look. Pretty pretty cool. Simple. Um, Sandy, yeah, the the unit mix, you know, I used to care about that a lot that you wanted more twobedrooms than one because that's what I was trained to think. But it is market tomarket because certain markets, the onebedrooms are more in demand than the twos. And you just got to look at the rental history of the property. like if is there a ton of turnover right with the onebedrooms where you have a lot of turnover it's very transient or what is the length of the leases you know so you just dig into that a little bit and then what's the occupancy because that's going to tell you if there's demand if that thing's occupied and people are paying rent well that answers your question on the demand supply then it comes down to how often are those units turning meaning are they retaining x% per year on their tenant base hopefully north of 65% ideally 70% or better on their retention rates. Um, but that's what you would want to look at in that. But yeah, simple little uh setup there. Decent little location. Seems like a decent street, you know. So, uh, but yeah, in terms of like your initial steps, you mean you followed the process. Y, &gt;&gt; got everything set up, business setup, website stuff in process, everything kind of locked and loaded from the admin. Correct. &gt;&gt; Then you got into, okay, let's get on to Crexy and start looking for deals in the areas more about the brokers than the deals, the brokers from Craigslist. &gt;&gt; And then leveraging the Crexy database to start reaching out to some of the brokers that you're seeing on there. Correct. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then some people got back to you, some people didn't, some people were nice, some people weren't. But then you started to see some opportunities, some on market, some offmarket, but either way, you're seeing some deal flow &gt;&gt; and then &gt;&gt; how did this one come about and what was you I guess what made you like it other than looking at the numbers? &gt;&gt; So, it's really interesting because I actually discarded this one. I actually got this was sent to me on October 7th by uh the broker. she sent this one and three other properties and based on the financials at that time what she sent me it didn't make sense and she was trying to make the case that no this is a really good deal this is a really good deal and I was like well the numbers don't don't say that um the other deals she sent me were uh uh owned by the same company but they were eight units so I was like no um but just a few weeks ago she was like Julian hot off the press um the there are updated financials on the property. Um, when she first sent me the the rent roll, which was only up until June, there were three or four vacancies. Um, and having the property at full vacancy changed uh, you know, changed a lot. And then she also the value ad story which is what I was also looking for. I I didn't understand that um one of the prop one of the units uh had already been um renovated and based on the finishings and the comps in the area. Um although the current uh property owner who also manages the property is not taking advantage of the increased rent. the market comps um justify uh rent, you know, up to I mean actually up to a thousand. Uh but, you know, even if you were to be conservative and uh bump rent up to like 950, um doing a small Reno across the the the properties and bumping right up to 950. I mean, that that changed the whole um the proforma story. So, that's what made me take a deeper dive and and more serious look at it. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Just in the last couple weeks. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. So, you want to see something fun? &gt;&gt; Uh, let me put this up here. You guys can see it. So, do you notice your uh style &gt;&gt; of the building here with the brick? &gt;&gt; Kind of a colonial look, all that. Right. So, this is one of our properties and this is what you could do to it very easily. And you see how it has the white black theme. We put the solar screens on them so that way you don't need to look at everybody's junk in their windows. &gt;&gt; Keeps it very consistent looking. And then we did red doors. We popped it all white. You see the shingles on the side. Very similar. Very similar. And you know just a style if it's, you know, a style of kind of this black white theme. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; With the red doors that make it like pop. I mean, imagine that on this street &gt;&gt; and you did that. I mean, it would stand out killer. Just FYI, you could do different color schemes and stuff, but the concept is the same. &gt;&gt; Um, so just food for thought on that. &gt;&gt; That's great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, yeah. Any questions that anybody has for Julian real quick before I kind of let him go? But I mean, you you've you I mean, what what would you say? Is it just like I mean, because you're doing the work and then it's it's showing up. So, is it was there hurdles or hiccups that you had mentally as you kind of went through it that were stopping you? were you uh how was your schedule and kind of what times did you do this during the day and the night? Kind of walk me through that so people can see how they can fit this in and do it for themselves if they're getting kind of stuck some spots. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean hurdles and hiccups. I mean I'm I mean there there's like you you go there's the what the five different um sort of steps. You got the finding the deals, analyzing the deals and then financing the deal and um you know and then the you know closing it. So, like there there's hiccups and and and stress and and learning curves throughout the whole process. I think I I may be going beyond the the the finding and analyzing the deal, but then there's a whole new problem set of, you know, um talking to the lenders, uh finding a property manager, um because the property managers that I work with, uh on the single family deals are not going to cut it for this multif family deal. um making sure that I've got the construction team, you know, so like all of that needs to be, you know, put together &gt;&gt; and that'll that'll come to fruition uh a little bit. I mean, the property manager is definitely an important one to start looking into for sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh the construction side, not urgent, but yeah, you'll get all that on the Renault. &gt;&gt; Uh is it okay that I'm showing your financials? &gt;&gt; Yeah, sure. Sure. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, uh two things to notice right here so everybody understands this. Remember I talked about the cap rates and then the interest rates. In this case, it's in it's it's in a positive, right? You're positively levered. Your current cap rate you're buying it at is 7.3. Interest rate. He's probably going to get somewhere in there. 6 and a half, maybe even 6.75, but somewhere in there. &gt;&gt; But you see, I mean, 16 units for 975 grand. I mean, &gt;&gt; it goes back to I was having a chat last night where &gt;&gt; uh you know, some people are wanting to go like for bigger units or bigger unit count and all this other things. I said, well, there's a reason we we focus in this 10 to 30 unit space to start with because sometimes it's not even the unit count, it's the dollar figure because in this case, you're only having to raise 281 grand &gt;&gt; only. [laughter] No, but that my first one was $900,000. &gt;&gt; I know, &gt;&gt; right? On 27 units because obviously the the price point was higher too, right? Versus Michigan. But the point being is trying to keep this number right here less than a million dollars. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; For your especially for your first deal, right? for your first deals. Keeping that total equity, the total amount that you need to bring in and raise less than a million dollars is really, really important. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. Because it's just going to make it easier [laughter] for you, especially when you've never raised money before. You're going through this process initially, you're a newer or a newbie. I mean, all these things that you know, mentally, right, you're setting in for yourself that gosh, I don't have a track record. I don't have this. I don't have that. All right, I've never done it. All these things, right, that you're stacking up or mentally stacking up, &gt;&gt; right? And then you sit here and this number is a million three. Well, you know, you get the point. I mean, unless you have an awesome database &gt;&gt; that with some high net worth folks, &gt;&gt; it's going to be a tough tough road &gt;&gt; for you to be raising any more than probably 800 grand, 900 grand for your first deal. Maximum a million. So, when you're kind of going through your deals and you're looking at opportunities, keep that in mind for this total equity amount, right? So, that way you're not I mean, once again, every market's different. Obviously, the cost in Phoenix, Arizona is going to be a heck of a lot higher. You're going to be sitting here at 125,000 a unit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. So, that 16 units going to be or higher, by the way. You know, you're going to be at a $2 million property versus 975. Right. So now that you see that starts to go way way up, right, when you start playing that game. Um, have to adjust a bunch of other things to get to it. But yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But in terms of like, you know, how much time I've spent uh, you know, weekends are really important. I mean, like I I work a 9 to5. So I'm a W2. Like I said, I'm a government employee. Uh so working at the embassy doing you know doing my job during the day and then coming home you know two to three hours uh going in the beginning of course it was going through the videos uh you know and taking a break between actually learning the stuff and then actually applying it. So you know that was um you know that's a that's a bit of a um um a game you know that you have to uh you figure out for yourself. Um and then of course on the weekends as well. Yeah. So &gt;&gt; yeah. And then if you had in here, did you do Oh, because you're including it in the loan. Uh it's because the uh the loan payment asked, you know, why is the the equity requirement um lower than the down payment? Because you're including repair budgets in the loan. It's being financed in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so that was really interesting. It wasn't until I I must have missed it when I was going through the course, but I was listening to the 3-day um you know, workshop that you guys did in in Las Vegas and I was like, "Oh crap, the deal that I you were like, "Oh, you should you should make sure that the you put no in the Reno and the loan because um it changes the deal." And I hadn't noticed it. I was like, "Oh, let me look really quick." And I noticed that it did. So, the deal falls apart at this price point. It's actually going to be a million. The seller won't sell it for less than a million. So, but it still works at a million. Um, but the deal falls apart if I don't include the Reno and the loan. So, if I can't get it financed that way, then this deal won't work. The numbers go to &gt;&gt; Well, not at that not at their price. &gt;&gt; Not at that price. Yeah. Yeah. Not at that price. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, once again, Yeah. because you can see um trying to look at this cap rate. So, that works there. That still works there, but your returns are a little bit different because of the down stuff. Got it. &gt;&gt; And the and the capital coming in, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. &gt;&gt; So like if that went down to 50, &gt;&gt; it would start to change some things a little bit. &gt;&gt; Um and get it. You see how it bumps it up? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then you are playing ball. So that's all in your Renault budget. Um you know, &gt;&gt; so but you can play with that a little bit. &gt;&gt; Be open to it. Yeah. because I'm always in the belief system that if you can um because this interest rate is going to be higher if you have to finance the rena &gt;&gt; just FYI. &gt;&gt; So sometimes you want to look at once again on how it's ramping up and that's kind of a I understand if you came in here and you had to come in with more money on the down payment, right? 100 grand obviously for the rental &gt;&gt; versus having it be financed. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Um, you know, that's more money down and all that other stuff &gt;&gt; and it it drops your returns initially. Your cash on cash is fine. Equity multiple is fine. It's just the IRR initially initially. But what could happen and this is once again I don't know that you mean you know where this gets over here, right? and how you start playing with what the future looks like, right? Um because this all now now it comes down to just assumptions and stuff &gt;&gt; because let's say right a couple years from now you have this thing fully rened and now your rents right you're not bumping them 3% they happen to jump up you know 5%. &gt;&gt; Right? and it starts to adjust some things a little bit, right? See how this IRRa starts going up? Now, are you going to bank all of that in? No, you need to base it on today's underwriting. But it's a fair assessment to presume that markets are going to get better after you ren this property because it's going to stand out and there's a good chance that you're going to probably push rents pretty good. So whether it goes from 707 to 950 or 707 to9.95, you know, whatever. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um that's going to substantially help these numbers to where this can still &gt;&gt; whether you're buying it for and can you buy it for $9.95, [clears throat] &gt;&gt; but you get the point. It's just tweak tweaking it a little bit. Um &gt;&gt; because yeah, I think based on this you know, even if you're a six and a half cap on your exit cross. And yes, we can have all of the um I can just come in here like that. Um it's still pretty healthy. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, just food for thought. I wouldn't let that go sideways. Uh because the difference in you getting a loan at 6 and a half versus you having to finance it, you may pay 9%. &gt;&gt; It's possible. It's possible. &gt;&gt; So there's a there's a difference in there to consider. Whereas, hey, bringing in because it's not like you're bringing in a million dollars to rena, &gt;&gt; you're talking about a hundred grand, right? So it's not the end of the world. Um &gt;&gt; so you so you're basically saying I should I should seriously consider just raising it. &gt;&gt; Correct. Okay. Yeah. I mean, &gt;&gt; because even once again, you're raising 458 grand, which I know if you've never raised money before, you're going, "Oh my gosh." You know, I get it, right? But if the deal makes sense, and it does, you'll attract the money. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You'll attract the money. Um, and then you could pay $9.95, 30% down. Your rena's in here. You're not including it in your loan. &gt;&gt; There's your total equity. So, &gt;&gt; okay. &gt;&gt; Um, and then, yeah, if these rents you said are 950 now, &gt;&gt; conservative, I mean, that's just being conservative, I think. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But, you know, once again, so underwrite it that way because you're covering your debt. See, the whole key is this thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. If you if you're covering your debt payment at 1.36 on your debt coverage ratio, uh then it just becomes okay, like we're paying all the bills, right? &gt;&gt; We're paying all the expenses, we're paying the debt, we're covering everything, we're cash flowing some. Now, we're going to ren the property, make it look great, and then listen, the once again, it's not a matter of when you're going to make money. as long as you're covering all the expenses and covering your debt payment and free cash flowing it to where you can give something back to the investors and then it's becomes hey we got to wait a little bit longer to really boost our returns up like that that's something that's sellable because then it becomes a play of okay well now it's all rened and you may find out this thing ends up being you know you may get more who knows &gt;&gt; so it's just keeping that in mind as you go through it because I wouldn't let the covering the rena in your in in this particular case uh in your loan because you're going to pay a higher interest rate. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; They're going to they're going to look at that as kind of a bridge loan, bridge debt. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. Meaning, hey, you're coming in to acquire it. We're going to include some rena money in it. It's going to be a shorter term loan of say three years and then you're going to refinance it into more of a permanent type debt. Make sense? &gt;&gt; Okay. No. super helpful. Thank you. &gt;&gt; And another thing that's probably going to help out with this that you may be able to get. So right now, this bet, this debt payment right here, that's presuming it's principal and interest payments. There's a fair chance that you could get your first two years interest only. There's a good chance and that would help your cash flows. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, just food for thought to think through that. Yeah. Um, uh, Enoch. Yeah. So, just keep in mind, so that the question was, is there a basic rule of thumb on rolling the Renault into the loan and how it affects your interest rate? Think of it like this. You're basically going to a construction loan versus like a normal permanent loan. There's two types of loans. Construction is riskier, right? In the mind of the bank or any finance person, it's riskier. So, because it's riskier, I'm going to charge more interest. So, you'll be paying in this market today at least 8% interest rate on a renovation construction loan. So, his rate would go up to at least 8%. At a baseline. Um, and that's based on interest rates today. And unless interest rates drastically change, that's where it's going to be. Permanent loans, you're going to be somewhere between 5 and a half to probably 6.75%. for these smaller properties that you're all doing, we're all doing here, you're going to be at a 6% to probably 675 somewhere in there on your interest rate today, right now. So, when you're looking at all these deals, you should be using anywhere between 6 and a4 to 6 and a half% interest rate. And then I would presume you're not including renovation dollars in your uh loan because that's going to allow you to get the best term in rate and then you're just going to raise that renovation dollars uh through the equity which is another reason why right I state that everybody should be looking for medium to light value ad. This is a perfect medium to light value ad. Meaning from the from what I'm seeing the property looks pretty decent and fair. There's not an enormous amount of deferred maintenance. It's not like the property I saw on Tuesday, High Highland Gardens, where the thing needs to have a bomb go off on it and just rebuild the damn thing, right? I mean, it looked pretty rough. So, that's a heavy value ad. And the minute we drove up, I told Miguel, "Get back in your car. We're going to keep driving because it's it doesn't fit it." But then we went to another 48 unit down the street called Willow Gardens, and I said, "Beautiful. This is a light to medium value ad where you're going to put in a few thousand bucks a unit. So therefore, you're not having to raise a bunch of money for renovations and you can get a normal loan on it and there's still there's there's room to push, right? There's still value add, but you're not going in there and having to rebuild half the place. So that's kind of the things you're looking for is light to medium value ad. That's part of the buy box. So, you know, in that sheet, hey, I'm I'm looking for 10 to 30 unit buildings, you know, 1970s ideally or newer, right? You could go into 1965, but just, you know, watch it. And I'm looking for light to medium value ad. Light to medium value ad where I'm not having to come in and do a whole, you know, cosmetic and all kinds of stuff in crazy stuff, right? because then it's going to get very costly and I don't know that the upside's going to be there for you. Plus, you'll pull your hair out by the end of it if it's your first deal. So, I'm trying to like set you up for success and that's why that zone is really important. So, um uh David, there's just a drop down, right? There's a drop-own arrow on your deal analyzer. And if you're not seeing that, that means you have the wrong deal analyzer, but you can download it. So, there's a little thing right here that says yes or no. It's a drop down. Include it or not include it. And that'll adjust your loan amount and the equity. Okay. So, awesome. You bet. All right. I know we're a little bit over time, but I hope this was super helpful. Uh Julian, thanks for coming on and kind of explaining that for everyone so that way they can kind of get comfortable with, hey, I mean you you can do this if you're in Lithuan or Liberia. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Finally, &gt;&gt; I got it right. I got it right, Julian. Yeah, you can do it in Liberia. If you're in Western Africa, you can still buy properties in the United States. Um and we'll see how this works out. I mean, you're close, but let's see how it works out. I I mean, based on what I'm seeing, uh Julian, it it works. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so what I would do, hey, if anybody wants to connect uh with Julian because there's that 12 unit across the street, who knows? Who knows? I'd say let's buy the whole block. &gt;&gt; Let's do it. Thank you so much. Super helpful. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Awesome. All right, everybody. Take care.