Hello, hello, hello. Come on in. Seeing everybody enter right now. Great to see everybody's faces. See Brian in here, Mr. Allen. We've got everybody else in here as well. Kurt, good to see you, sir. All right. Hey there. If you can mute yourselves, that would be great. And then we'll uh get going here in just a moment. Good to see in here Jason. We got Carlos, perfect. Dean. Uh we're going to call some brokers this afternoon, or I should say evening. Depending on uh where you're at. The West Coast, you know, people are still working. So. Uh we'll get going here in just a second. Uh anybody want to share I want to know about some wins, you know, as we're kind of jumping on here, any wins so far this week? Maybe it's setting up the websites, the business stuff, uh anything in the back end, any conversations you've had with brokers, any offers you've um you've made and got. Uh I'm just curious on any wins or heck even e- even any losses. Even any losses. Anybody lose out on a deal? Any offers made that you lost out on? &gt;&gt; Lost out on a property. I evicted somebody today, so. Went to the courthouse and the sheriff's office. It's from a single-family home, so it um I'd rather be in a multi-family unit and not have to mess with this uh single-family. Thanks. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh how long did it take to get them out? Well, I filed it today, so there's a 5-day summons here in Florida and a 20-day summons. So, it's supposed to be pretty quick. Um but yeah, I just filed the paperwork today. Okay. Very cool. How long does it typically take in Florida? Is it a 60-day process-ish or faster? Well, it's it's supposedly faster if they don't contest it. So, they've got 5 days to send me the back rent, which is 3 months that they owe, and a statement saying why they shouldn't be evicted. If they don't respond with that, then I can go ahead and um you know, schedule a a sheriff to come over there and then, you know, get them out. Yeah, okay, got it. Now I understand. Yes, you have the the judgment, you just haven't gotten the writ of possession yet. Right, exactly. Yep. &gt;&gt; Got it. Got it. All right. Okay. I'm going to kind of show you a couple of deals and stuff. We're going to do Arizona today. I'll share my screen. Hold this here. Couple different little deals. Sure got that muted. We're good there. Okay. Um so, yeah, we'll call on a couple of ones, see who wants to pick up and chat. We've got these ones, Kyle and Brad. Let's want to take a look at that one. There's also a few others that are interesting, at least. Um these little 10 units. This is all in the Phoenix and Scottsdale areas in Phoenix and Maricopa County and and all that stuff, too. So, uh we'll make sure everybody gets in here. Letting everybody in. Wait. Perfect. Um any any Is anybody perused any of these yet? If you've been looking in Phoenix. I'm curious. If you want to put that in the chat. Let's take a look at that. We got a couple of these. But yeah, oh, is that Is this the one I'm thinking it is? How many units is that? Oh, it's only 16 units. I feel like I'd seen this one before. Yeah, or something very very close to it. Got it. Okay. Let me go ahead and pull this up. Make some calls. Everybody can hear me okay? So, the audio is working okay? Perfect. Let's dial for dollars. Let's call Mr. Brad. We'll start with Brad first. 602-975-0816 Let me look at the deal a little bit real quick for I call. So, 27 units. Current cap rate at five. So, I'm going to ask him about this. I'll just be curious like, "Hey, you know, I know it's currently five, saying six future." Um, you know, where are we seeing things trade that market right now? You know, you're built nice in 1986. Obviously nicely renovated. They did a good job on this one. Um, it's a nice little pocket property there. The Mojave. Um, kind of going through this. Countertops, lighting, all this stuff. Okay. Yeah. It's charming little property. That's kind of cool how they did the two-tone. I like that. I've not seen that too often. But they got the washer-dryer connections in there, so they've done a nice job there. Um but you know, this is kind of an This is one of these assets that I'm you know, it'll probably pencil on basic fundamentals, but you really need to probably buy it down on price point. Um I mean, they're going after you know, 100 and something thousand a door, which is you know, it's fine. Um but probably a little bit a little bit rich for the market there. But let's see what Brian says. Or Brad says, sorry. See if we can get him to pick up. Hello, this is Brad. Hey Brad. My name This is Justin. I'm with Brennan Polley Capital. I was calling on your guys' deal on the Mojave there. Um in Phoenix. You guys are You guys are representing it? Yeah. Pretty nice nice property. Did it just come on the market or come back on the market? So, it was originally on the market maybe 2023 I want to say is when they had it out there and they had it out there at 4 and 1/2 or 4 7 something like that. &gt;&gt; Same same same owners, I'm guessing? Same owners, yeah. They I mean, at the time they they overshot it a little bit. They they kind of bought it at a bad time. They bought it 2021 when prices were somewhat on the rise. They bought it for like 3 5, 3 6, but 680 grand into it and now they're they're trying to take out whatever equity they can. Yeah, we just put it back on the market maybe a week and a half ago at at 385, so much much better than than previously. Sure. I mean, is and I know like kind of the current cap rate on financials and stuff is around five. Um is the idea to you know, someone come in with a good amount of down payment to get the thing to at least cash flow and then get it moving upwards and cuz you know, I guess it's where rents can go, right? I mean, they've done a nice job on the reno. Yeah. No, I mean, it's a super nice property. Um I think you hit it right on the head. I mean, someone's probably going to have to come in with 40 45% down at least. I mean, this is kind of a prized 1031 deal as well. You know, if someone has called 3 and 1/2 million in an exchange, um it would be a good opportunity. Current cap's five, but there's certainly upside in uh lease up. The the property manager has a reputation that they use for being pretty conservative on rents. So, you know, you could probably push the CDOs, which is majority CDOs, at least 100 uh 150 bucks, I would think, based on comparables in the area where some of the other units are renting out at. So, there's definitely some upside in the lease up, and then they were saying, you know, if you wanted to replace the courtyard, there's a lot big grass area. If you wanted to replace that turf, you could save on utilities, water costs, and and landscaping, etc. So, um physically, it is pretty turnkey, but there's some things you could do in the operation to get closer to that six cap. Okay, got it. Yeah, and what are you guys seeing, you know, I know all the markets, certain of the sunbelt states, you know, we're in Texas and a few other markets, but are you starting to see it absorb and I guess turn the corner a bit? I mean, what's the current vacancy at the properties? It looks like it's 7% uh vacancy. Is that accurate? Yeah, so they've got maybe two or three vacant at the moment, which is pretty good. I mean, it's it's not uncommon for buildings of this size and and and these types of sub markets to be 80 85% full. There's certainly still a challenge on the leasing front on some of these deals. It's just because like you like you said, I mean the the massive amount of supply we see delivered the last couple years hard for demand to keep up. But if you're if you're tracking, you know, units remaining in the pipeline and and, you know, what how many units we're absorbing each month, we're hoping things will stabilize by the end of the year or maybe early 2027 and then, you know, by mid late 2027 we start to see some organic rent growth again because I think &gt;&gt; So it's pretty Yeah, so rents are pretty rents are pretty flat at the moment. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um yeah, any other properties you're kind of working on that are maybe in BOV stage within the Phoenix market currently or ready to let ready to go or looking at offers yet. I mean, we've got 17 listed things out there right now and then some of our current deals. &gt;&gt; Sure. Um I mean, I can keep you in the loop if you have a a client or are you looking &gt;&gt; No, this is for ourselves. Yeah, no, we're yeah, we're buyers. So yeah, we're principals. Um Yeah, I'm just looking to connect with some good brokers there kind of in this space of say 10 to 50 unit deals. Um you know, within the Phoenix markets and the you know, major areas around Phoenix, but um Yeah, I know it's I'm starting to see things turn. I mean, like I said, we're in Texas and a couple of the other sunbelts and we do see it you know, a lot of oversupplied markets that are finally starting to get to a point where supply and demand are getting in line where it's not such a blood bloodbath. Um But I I can feel for these guys. I mean, we bought a couple properties in 2021 and it's a dog fight. It's a dog fight. These guys this lender they're loaning out 3 million or just over 3 million, I don't think they would go that low, but if if someone came in and bid threes, even you know, closer to low threes, I I think they would at least consider it because the face of that a refi, I mean, not for another 18 months or so, but next year, right? Late next year, so loans coming due. Yeah, they're going to have to make a decision at some point. You know, luckily they're on They're not against the gun and they have to do something within the next couple months, but you know, that's definitely in the back of their minds. So, if they can get a decent number for it, they'll probably just do it. Got it. Yeah, I see the OM on there, so we we can pull a decent amount of the financials from that OM right now. Yeah, I would love it. I would love it. All I This is your This is your cell phone number, right? Great. Yeah, and generally speaking with the other stuff that's out there, the other listings, where are you seeing the market trade on like, you know, as-is financials cap rates within that Phoenix market right now? I mean, it With interest rates being at six plus, I mean, are you still seeing cap rates sub six? location. We do see deals trades up six and we're to like the low hobby in quality areas that are, you know, fully renovated. A lot of them are happening again, you know, buyer 1031 coming in with 50% down or just buying them all cash. Primarily, you know, in general for more of a value add deal, you you need upside closer to seven, call it seven and a quarter at least. If you're going to put decent amount of work into it &gt;&gt; All right. Yeah. But for stabilized turnkey deals, you know, they they can trade anywhere from five and a half six and a half, to and a half depending on location and and how much work it needs, etc. Got it. Okay. Yeah, that's good to know. That's good to know. Okay. Yeah, I'll text you my email when we get off here. I'd love to stay in contact cuz yeah, we're definitely looking for deals in that market. Um yeah, I'd love to connect with some brokers that are moving some product. I mean, I'll take a look at your other stuff, too. Yeah, I mean, like kind of what you guys are looking for, your buy box, and I can keep an eye out and keep you posted on anything else that we're bringing out. Okay. Um that would be great. So, I'll just I'll just send you a BOV and then all the information and if you want to just respond with, "Hey, this is kind of what we're looking for." then we can keep you posted. Sounds great. Appreciate your time, Brad. Thanks for the the chatter. You bet. Thanks. See you later. There we go. Just like that. Um so, yeah, if you want to any questions, you're going to unmute yourself and ask the question. I'm going to text him real quick. Um You said BOV state. What is that? Oh, broker opinion of value. Broker opinion of value. So, understanding the process, like the actual sequence of a apartment building coming to market is, you know, the brokers are dialing for dollars every day, right? And they're trying to connect with someone like me, you, all of us. And if they get us on the phone, obviously, "Hey, are you interested in a a broker opinion of value?" You know, you want to you want to know what your home's worth, right? You want to know what your property's worth. And they'll go ahead and put that together and then if it makes sense, we'll you know, consider selling the properties. You noted a a very important point, and that's the greatest part about multi-family or any commercial assets, because loans come due every three, five, seven, or 10 years. It's very easy to like see when the motivation's going to happen for an owner. Because he was letting you know right there, well, they have to do something in the next 18 months. So, while they're not like against the clock at the moment, you can see what's happened unfortunately for these guys is they're going to probably have to walk away from all their equity. I mean, I hate to tell them that, you know, but they bought in 2021 peak of the multi-family market. They did a nice job on the property, but they just bought it at a unfortunately a bad time. And now they have to sell it at some point. They got to do something cuz they can't refinance. Meaning if they try to refinance, it's going to be a cash in. Meaning like, "Hey, give us a million dollars into the deal to buy down the debt, and then we'll let you refinance the property." So, that's not going to happen. They're not going to go put a half million million bucks into the deal to buy down the debt. So, now they're going to have to sell the property, and they're probably He said their loan's a $3 million loan. You know, so after closing costs and everything, I mean, yeah, they're probably going to walk away with like in in in you know, if they're lucky, pay off the debt. You know, it's unfortunate. Um but leads itself to an opportunity. So, I mean, that's an interesting little property uh to buy out at a new basis. So, if anybody's interested in Phoenix, I'm going to have to take a look at that. You're going to We have to download the OM. You can go in there. I'll share the property again. I'd be curious where that one irons out at. Um Let's actually take a peek at this thing. Pull this out. Put it into my downloads. This will be interesting. I'll actually pull this up, and I'll I'll pull this together and throw it into the analyzer just real quick. Um but yeah, any more kind of questions from that? But yeah, that's what I I always asked um uh you know, you have anything coming out in the BOV stage where they've done their analysis, they've kind of put together a little package for the owner. They have the listing. They just haven't marketed yet cuz that's the one I know is coming. It's going to be sent out to their database of investors. And of course, you could hear what he told me. He's not going to give that to me yet. Cuz we don't have a relationship, right? And so, but I I'm certainly going to ask it to start to build that. And that's why these conversations happen. So that way I can start to build that kind of quick rapport. And then, you know, another follow-up, I'm going to text him. I'll get some more stuff. I'll be back and forth with him a little bit. And then he's going to get to take a look at us. He'll probably click on our website. That's why the website stuff's important. Setting up the business, looking as though you are the part before you're the part. Because he's going to say, "Okay, all right. Looks like these guys are legit. And uh let's make a connection." And then that way, you know, whether it's this deal or another deal, now we start seeing deal flow. And that's the process by just making an initial connection, and then it builds deeper, you know, from that point. So um cool. Scott, you think you can make that call, my man? Yeah, I'm going to start making calls probably this week. Yeah. It's just very similar to that. &gt;&gt; and just uh just get some practice and get used to you know, seeing what I feel like the first few calls are going to be kind of like this dude doesn't know what he's talking about. So what you do? Like obviously though, if you want to if you want to play that game, and many of you in here who've already done it and made the calls and set things up, take whatever area you're interested in. Okay? And then I want you to go about 100 miles away from it. And I want you to call on brokers out there in the middle of nowhere. And burn your bridge out there. Right, right. And then you can come back in your area again, right? Just do three or four phone calls out in BFE. And then you can come back in. Does that make sense? Yeah, that's what I was I'm about doing, cuz the last thing I need is people around here like don't mess with this guy. Well, yeah, especially if you're uncomfortable or it's your first few times. I mean, I get it. It's the anxiety around it. Um but I just like anything Eventually though it'll be second nature, you know. And it's &gt;&gt; Yeah, and you know, and use the property as the lure, right? I mean, that way you're not having to really uh come up with things to talk about, right? It's it's always about the property. And any of the conversations, it's just using some of this data to get some more data about it and build a little bit of rapport. And then you see about a minute or two into that conversation how I kind of spun it into well, hey, yeah, this looks good, but you have anything else you're kind of working on that in some BOV stage? Because what I'm trying to lean into there is, hey, I know that you guys have deals pre-market. Where you at with anything? And then he obviously responded as you should, not knowing me, well, yeah, we have like 14 other listings out there. We're trying to move our current inventory. And by the way, I wouldn't give it to you anyways yet. Is basically what he's telling me in a nice way, right? And that's okay. Uh Kelly, I see your hand up. Yeah, I was just going to say that I you know, I go poke around on Crexi and seem to be getting a lot of the maybe they're the junior brokers, but they're they're all calling if I go click on anything. So, I've been getting them calling me now, which is nice because I'm able to just practice my conversation and my knowledge and whatever else. And so, I found that's been really um helpful also. Yeah, and did you cuz I know you watched it. I believe you did that the video I have, I think it's in I know it's in your guys' back end portal, too, but also on YouTube that has the um the 10 different questions a broker's going to ask you? And yeah, that one. Um Justin Brennan, let's do 10 questions brokers ask. Let's see if that comes up. Yeah, this one here. And if any of you guys have not watched this, I mean you have it in your back end as well, but I'll drop it into the chat here so that way everybody has it. But you can watch that one. It's the top 10 questions that every broker will ask you and I give you the exact responses to best use. So, those ones are are pretty good. I think you have a PDF as well. What's that? I think you have a PDF as well. We do. Yeah, that's in your back end too in the download section. Yeah, that's correct. That's correct. You know, sometimes but it's it's nice sometimes to see it like in action and that's why we we kind of put that video together for that. Let's call on one more and then I want to drop that deal into the new analyzer. We did make some updates to that. I wanted to kind of show you that. Let's call on Marcus and Millichap. See what's going on with these guys. Paul Bay and Daryl Moffett. Let's look at this one. Yeah, class C property 19 not a lot of info 1960. Got it. Yeah, I mean not horrible. Zero cash deposits. All right. Yeah, I mean pretty standard. Basic. Okay. And I don't know this exact neighborhood that well. But I can come in here to the street view, right? And you know, count the bars on the windows. Is that one set right there? Is that another set? No, that's not set. But, doesn't look like a horrible neighborhood. Means typical Phoenix. You know, nothing too crazy there. So, uh okay. Let me call these guys real quick. We'll call and then 28 units. Unpriced. Yeah, so this is good. Well, you'll kind of see how I handle this one on the unpriced ones. Just to get a feel for them. Let me text him real quick. Um .com Okay, so I got that in there. Let me call Mr. Paul. 602-687- See if he picks up. Hey. Leave me your name and a message and the best number to call you on and I'll get back to you as soon as I can. Thank you. The call has Let's call Daryl next to him. See if Daryl picks up. 687- Let's try that one. And we'll go to Adam. If you'd like to speak to Gerald, please leave a message and I'll call you back. Record your message at the tone when you are finished. All right, Adam, you're our last source here. Come on, buddy, you got this. I'm feeling your vibe. The junior associate will pick up. Watch. Hi, you've reached the office of Adam Sandler with Marcus &amp; Millichap. Uh, leave a voicemail at the tone. Fine. All right. Let's go see another one. I want to try I want to find one that's unpriced. There's another one. Uh, 39 units. That's Colliers. All right. It's a cool little property. 2024 build, though. Uh. Okay. Let's go with a different one. Um, something a little older. Anything else unpriced on here? Um, there's a couple of those, huh? Um. &gt;&gt; Um This one's unpriced. 34 units. Let's check this one out. Samir It's Dr. Samir. Been on 5 days. At least updated 4 days ago. 2021 year renovated. Cool. Cool. All right. Let's give him a ring. The mailbox is full and there is not enough space to leave a message. Well he needs to check his voice box. He He's in the sales business. Uh 533-7146 Let's keep going. See a cult. This is cult. Hey cult, uh my name's Justin Brennan. I'm actually calling on your guys's listing over on Hayward Ave, the um the 34 unit. Oh, cool. How How are you? Good. How about yourself? What can I help you with? Good. Good. Yeah, so uh just trying to get a little bit of info on it. I know it's unpriced. I mean, do you guys have a whisper price on that thing yet or any kind of price guidance? Yeah, so the official list price is 8 and 1/2, but I think it's taken with a grain of salt and the seller will be open to looking at offers um from qualified individuals and groups. &gt;&gt; Sure. Okay, got it. Yeah, it looks like it's so it was renovated 2021, is that right? Yeah, I'd say about half the units are fully done to a pretty nice level. All of them do have vaulted ceilings inside, which is a plus. And then the rest of them are are clean, but they could use updating to bring them up to today's standards. Got it. I guess I'll download the OM and stuff. What's the current Do you know what How's the occupancy there? Okay. Awesome. Has it been Has leasing been a challenge in that market at all? Or what are you kind of seeing in general with, I guess, cap rates and occupancy? For whatever reason, I'd say this little pocket, as well as another one that's off of like 17th Avenue in Glendale, have been holding up pretty strong. Um as far as concessions, they haven't had to give any concessions Okay. for this specific deal, but I do think their rents are a little shy of where market really could be, just given the asset type. So, I think there's room there for bumps even on the rented the units. So, on that, like you said, a certain percentage has been reno'd and then the rest of them can be, so there's some, I guess, value-add potential there. Yeah, definitely. There used to be like a pool in the middle of the courtyard that they ended up filling because, you know, I guess a lot of the tenants, when they inherited the property, they liked to just throw a bunch of stuff and glass and whatever else into that. So, they just figured, you know, it's better to fill it than have a huge liability if, you know, some kid goes swimming and steps on a broken piece of the glass. So, there could be an you know, an opportunity there to, you know, have that be a dog park or whatever other type of amenities that, you know, you could think of. Okay. Perfect. Yeah, and I'm we're kind of we're looking for stuff kind of in this, you know, under 50 units, 10 to 30, 40, 50 unit type properties within Phoenix. So, yeah, know, take a look at this one a little closer, but do you have anything else you guys are working on maybe behind the scenes currently? Do you actually Do you guys own any that currently own other deals here or you guys just trying to break into the market or Yeah, well, down in Tucson. Yeah, so we're from San Diego. We have stuff in the West Coast, Nevada, California. We do have Tucson stuff. Uh, we have other folks that are in Phoenix. We have not personally purchased there yet. Although we're pretty familiar with the market. Gotcha. Is it like a fund or do you guys have like a small group of, you know, investors or kind of what's what's your guys' uh, I guess capital makeup for? Yeah, we'll we'll syndicate most our deals, but we have, you know, internal investors and stuff that are kind of warmed up on all the stuff we've done. So, you know, we'll pull down 65 to 70% debt. And then raise about 30% of the equity. You know, we're bringing in some as the the main general partner and then we'll raise the rest from our investor group. Nice. Yeah. Yes, I do actually have one other deal that I would like you guys to take a look at. It's also in Phoenix. Um, it's a 51-unit deal. Uh, 80s vintage, all two-twos, pretty good, uh, I guess unit makeup. But, there's some pretty nice assumable debt tied to it for the first five years at 3.7%. So, There you go. &gt;&gt; pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah, that'd be interesting to take a peek at. Yeah, what I'll do is I'll shoot my um, my email. Is this your cell phone number or does this go to your cell? Uh, yeah, so the Did you Did you call the 623 area code number or did Yeah, 623-5331, yeah. Yep, that's my cell phone. Okay. Yeah, I'll shoot you a text when we get off with my email. And then yeah, I'd love to stay connected with you and you know, whether it's this deal or another one, but I'll take a peek at this one. Seems interesting and some other ones you may have. Great, Matt. Well, I really do appreciate the call and yeah, we'll keep you posted on this other one as soon as I get your email, I'll shoot over all the info. Cool. Thanks, Cole. Appreciate your time. Appreciate it, Carl. Thanks again. Thanks. Here we go. Um any questions kind of on that, you know, that you kind of You saw how I asked him what what the whisper price is or what the price guidance is when it's unpriced like that? He'll give you it, obviously. You saw I love it. He's like, "Yeah, they're looking for like five five five." He knew that like that's ridiculous. He didn't even want to say it, but he did. Um which is probably why they didn't even put a price on it. Um but you take the numbers, we'll work backwards into the deal analyzer, and then we all just kind of end up with, you know, where we do on those deals. So, but any questions on kind of what you saw from that call and how you would handle that. He was pretty open. You But you heard what he did, right? You in that call like I asked him that question, "Anything you're working on that you haven't seen?" And he says, "Yeah, I actually do, but before you was going to go any further, he's like, "Tell me a little bit about you guys." So, then he starts to turn and size up a little bit. You know, "Are you guys looking here? Have you already done deals here? How do you do your capital?" These are all the same calls that are on that YouTube video. Like literally almost to a T. And so, when you hear that, you'll be like, "Oh, I remember that one. Oh, I remember that one." So, you're just kind of prepped and once again, you hear what I said, I didn't have to get into detail. I just said, "Yeah, we we're GPs. We put in X. We raise the rest from our investor group, and we take 65 to 70% debt on our deals, and we'll raise the capital." And then, you know, we have some stuff in Tucson and San Diego and Nevada, and we're looking into Phoenix. We're not there yet. So, you mean you can spin that. You don't have to like fall into that trap. You just say, "Well, you know, we're in other markets around there, and we're looking to get into it." And just kind of leave it at that. So, it doesn't have to be anything too uh Yeah, oh, we're not in the market yet or anything like that. You're just kind of, you know, nurturing that call to to take it to the next step which is you know send a text and an email start to coordinate with them build the relationship and then once you get belly to belly with them when you're doing your market trip I mean that's when these calls go from the virtual world right in zoom calls and all that cute stuff till they get real you know when you're able to get them in you have a quick cup of coffee and meet them and and all that stuff locally because then you're going to really see that relationship take the next level up and the deal flow will get even better especially if they're market makers and they got listings you know what's you hear from the other guys we were just on on the call with that they do have quite a quite a few and they're a market maker in there cool yeah let me pull up because I wanted to take a look at What what was that the other word for the whisper price price guidance Okay thanks Yeah price guidance But I do want to take a look at this one that I just downloaded and I'll pull that up Let me share my screen here Get the deal analyzer up real quick Yeah when when you guys wanted all these little extras on the deal analyzers it makes it fun and complicated all the different formulas and stuff that have to go in there now so we're catching things but you know we'll make it it's pretty we're pretty set now but I did want to show you a few things on it real quick that we did add in just a couple of extra metrics that you can look at they're going to be down here at the bottom now two extra ones we put in here is the 1% rule the 1% rule which basically it's going to do the math for you but the rule states that a property's monthly gross rent monthly gross rent should be at least 1% of the purchase price. Right? 1% of the purchase price. So, all that's doing is taking literally the existing monthly rent here of 24 grand over the million seven and it's giving me 1.52%. So, check mark. And these things are all conditionally formatted. So, if it's green, that means good. If it's red, that means not good. Um and it doesn't matter if a couple of them are red and stuff. You want the most important ones. The other one I did put in here cuz a lot of you had asked about, you know, what kind of return on cost would I like to see in order to do renovations. Right? So, the more money you're putting in here, what kind of return on that money would I like to see in order to make that renovation worth the squeeze. Right? And so, that's why we put that one in there. So, let's say like right now on this one it's 50k. But let's say I was going to put $150,000 into this deal, nothing else changes other than the money I'm putting into it, you're going to see how these numbers are going to start changing, but now that return drops below the 18% cuz if you scroll over that, anywhere you see that red little triangle on any of these cells, if you hover over them, there you know, it's going to give you guidance on where everything should be at. So, that way you know kind of if you're in guidance or not, but then we also have some conditional formatting set up where it'll tell you. So, in this case, it's, you know, you want to see at least 18% return on cost to have it be worthwhile to do that. So, in this case, okay. Well, I can't put a 150 with all the rents and all the things, I'm only moving the rent from 858 to 925. Right? So, in order to do that, I need a better return on cost. So, then I can't put 150 into it. I can only do 100 grand. Watch this. So, now I'm I'm going to put 100 grand in. Now, my return on cost is 22%. Now, we're good to go. So, it kind of starts to fall in line with these things. Um cool. Yeah, let me open up this deal and let's let's walk through it real quick. Let me see if I can share my whole screen. Let's see if I can share my whole screen. So that way you can see both things at the same time. Yeah, let's do that. There we go. Perfect. Okay. So you have the right hand side you have the broker's OM their marketing piece and on the left we have the deal analyzer. We're just going to plug through this thing and plug it out. So that was Brad, that's who we just talked to. Nice guy. 27 units. Obviously they're asking 3.895. So I'm just going to start there and just plug that in. And we're going to work backwards into that thing. And that's the asking price. We'll do 3895. We'll match those up. We'll presume 35% down although that's going to change. 27 units. We'll do We'll just put in here 25,000 as a baseline for capital into our account. No rental loan. We'll say, you know, I think it was 1986 property. Put that. We'll just put a 46 or 45 46,560. We'll put 1 acre. Uh 6% closing costs. We'll keep that there. Interest rate we'll do 6.5. No seller financing so we have that in here as you guys know. And seller financing that can also be because the question was asked a little bit earlier by somebody else. Can that also be what's called mezzanine debt meaning a second loan? So anytime you want to put a second loan on it anything on it's the same thing as seller financing. It's a mezzanine. It's a second level loan in addition to the primary. So you can put those terms in here and then it'll do the math for you. Um I want to put in the rents and stuff first. So, let me scroll down to where I see those. All right. So, some of the property facts and financials here. Just looking at that. They're giving me some ideas on the on the loan and all that. Um so, yeah, you see how they're putting like how much money down I have to put into this thing to have it make sense? A lot of money. It's a 1031 exchange buy. Um Here's the rent roll. Uh let me go into Is there a unit mix on this thing? There we go. No. No. I want to see the unit mix. Does unit mix? Not the rent roll. I want the unit mix. I don't think he's got that in here. All right. So, let me take a look at the rent roll for a minute. Um If he doesn't have that, I'll just plug in some mass numbers here. Let's do that. So, what you can do like if they don't have rent rolls and like a unit mix that kind of uh summarizes the units, what you can do is I can come right up here to scheduled rent. You see that? 269 695. And what I'm going to do on the deal analyzer, I'm just going to put one unit. Right? Oops. One unit. And then I'm going to put uh I mean, I'm going to presume they're two bedroom one baths. What does it say on the rent roll? Is it two bedrooms or Oh, studios and one bedroom. So, they're all studios? Yeah, like mostly studios. Got it. So, these are studios. We'll just put studios. And uh I'm going to put total in here, 27 units. Current rents, 22,630. Uh average of 905. So, I'll just put 905 in there. Right? So, that's going to get me And then I'm going to do 27 of them. So, that's going to get me pretty close. They have 24,435 cuz they have a couple of vacant, but we'll we'll take care of that real quick. This is gross potential. So, you're putting in as though it was 100% occupied. Then we're going to take out the vacancy and stuff, as you guys know. Um square footage on these things are small, 407 square feet, and we'll keep them, you know, at year one pro forma rents. So, they're at average 905. We'll do 964, 964. I'm just putting in the averages. You can see that down here. Right? 905 and 964. Just putting in the averages into the deal analyzer so I can get some gross numbers. And so, that turns out to be 26,000 and change. Then I'm going to come down here to the expenses. Did I pass that? Where did we go? Oh, here we go. So, what I'm going to do for simplicity here, just for sake of time, is rather than you see you have the gross, taking out concessions, loss to lease, bad debt, all that other stuff, right? Then you have other income and stuff in here. So, it says where it says total other income of 22,365. So, I'm going to plug that number in here, 22,365. 365. And then I'll keep the same over here. They say it's going to go up. We'll say 24, 570. That's fine. And then we've got I mean they're only using 3.8% which is really low. But for to be nice to them, that's fine. I'll come in here. I'm going to do 8% cuz that's the difference here. I mean I know they say it's going to be there's no way it's that low. Uh they're saying there's 3.8% and I mean I'm going to take that back. They got what? 5 6 7 there. So we'll use eight. That's fine. Uh probably should use 10 realistically just for safety in the Phoenix market right now. Keep that at 10%. And I'm going to lump sum the expenses here. So you see the operating expense numbers here and it's obviously line item by line item. I'm not going to plug them all in right now like that way. What I'm going to do is come down here where it says total uh total operating expenses of 86,000 and then 76,000, 86 and 76. And I'm going to plug that I'm going to get rid of all these in here. Just zero them out real quick. On both sides. And I'm going to take this down to zero. And I'm going to just put a lump sum number in here of 86,000 and 876,000 053, right? Just so I have lump sum numbers in there. And I don't think they had a reserve in these line items. So you see if I go through these line items I'm not seeing any reserve in here for like reserve and replacement. All right, they have it down here at the bottom under the number of 5,400 bucks which is low. It's 200 bucks a unit. Really should be 250 as you guys know being trained it should be 250. So I'm going to keep the 250 in here like that. To where our totals are 92 and 908 on the expenses which are still pretty low. But the reason Phoenix is low just so you know, is because of property taxes and insurance. So, Phoenix and Nevada, or should say Arizona and Nevada, are probably the two states in the country where you could operate in the 30s for these types of buildings because property taxes and insurance, which are a huge part of your expenses, are really low in those two states. Really low in those two states. So, this is not too far off, right? I mean, I I'd probably want this up a little bit more, but we'll figure that out here in a second. Okay. So, we put in the pricing, we put in the revenue, we put in the expenses, we put in the other income down here, we have our vacancy and credit loss, so all of that's in there. And now you can start to see this thing populate with all the red. So, clearly it doesn't work. Um what I also do, too, so in the sources and uses up here, just so you know, if you hover over these things, right? Typically, typically, the lender will cover 80 to 90% if you're going to be doing a renovation loan, they'll cover 80 to 90% of the renovation loan in the loan itself. Obviously, we're not doing it in the loan in the sake We're keeping 25 grand in here, so that's all going to come from equity. Okay? Same thing with closing costs, some of it will come from the loan, the rest of it will come from equity. So, this is where you can kind of see the total cost into the deal. It's saying, "Hey, this is what's going to come from the loan. This is what's going to come from the cash in the deal, the equity, the down payment, and this is what's going to be our total cost in the deal." So, we're going to be all in at 4.1 million bucks, all in. Right? With closing cost, everything, all in the door. Okay? So, with that being said, and then we're going to refi this thing, we're going to say, yes, we're going to refi yes, but I'm going to push this out. I'm going to push it out to year six on the refi. Okay? Cuz I think we'll get in, get a good loan on it. Maybe do a five or seven-year loan somewhere in there. And then by year six, we'll be far enough in where we could refinance it. The value will gone up enough. We may be able to pay out our investors and then hold the property long-term beyond that. Which would be great cuz now you own a 27-unit apartment building in Phoenix. You used other investor money to do it. And we'll walk through where this deal is going to make sense. Another thing we put into the to the analyzer is all your guys's fees. So down here on the right, you guys can plug in the fees you're going to make. We put in some boilerplate ones and then we gave you some guidance. So once again, if you scroll over these things, it's going to show you the numbers you should be putting in these things for your fees. You don't all I mean, you don't make all five of these fees. You typically have to pick and choose. Normally, you'll get an acquisition fee. You'll get your asset management fee, which is paid monthly. You'll probably get a refinance fee. And then if you're doing renovation, you're going to get renovation fee. This is typically going to be I'd put in here 9% right? And you would get that on the renovation dollars. Okay? Obviously, we're not really doing a run on this deal. But you're going to make $106,000 in fees on this deal. Right? On this deal, which is pretty cool. Pretty cool. And then you're going to make about 300 bucks in a in a monthly asset management fee. It it's you're not getting rich off of that. Don't worry. But it's there, right? It's there. Did you say version eight is out? Say that again? Is version eight out? I downloaded it yesterday and it was still version seven. Uh it's not up in the portal yet. We put it into the chat this afternoon. Got it. But we will get it into the portal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we put it into the chat this afternoon. And then we'll get it into the portal here for you guys. But yeah, that'll go through your fees and stuff, so you'll see that. Um, so we're kind of done with this page, right? For now. And then all I want to do is I want to come over here to the pro forma. So this all looks pretty good. The only thing you're changing here is like rent growth and stuff. But you're good on that. I'm going to leave all these things at 10%. Cuz I think that's fair. So this this page is good. Don't need to do anything there. Then we're going to come over to the waterfall tab. I'm going to keep this in place. So I want you to think about this for a minute. You're going to be out. You as the general partner are going to come in with 10% of the money. Right? So that's about 136,000 bucks. Right? But you're going to get 106,000 fees. And that's before you even make any cash flow. That's before any tax benefits. That's before you even make profits and capital events, come out of a refi and a sale and all that stuff. That's just the fees. You're out 136. You're making 106. You're almost barely out 30 grand. And you have control and ownership, you know, of a 27-unit apartment building, multi-million dollar apartment building. For for less than 30,000 bucks. Right? And then you're going to be raising $1.2 million to take down this deal. 1.2. Um, you'll keep all these the same. So this is good. We'll probably do a 6% pref on a deal that like this, 6% cuz it's a stabilized deal. And then that's same thing here, that's fine. You're not going to have a second hurdle. So just so you guys know, we updated this one a little bit, but you don't need to really worry about it. This is really in place in the event that you wanted to have two layers of profit splits. Meaning, if we put in 15% here, then we're going to have a 50/50. So rather than it being we get nothing, the next hurdle is going to be up until a 15% return, we're going to do a 50/50 split between investors and myself. But, for the sake of this, for simplicity, and for all of your deals, just keep it at zero. You don't need to worry about this one right now. It comes down to this hurdle number three, which is your typical profit split. Typical profit split. And that's going to be somewhere between 70/30, 60/40, even up to 80/20 sometimes, where 80% is going to the investors, 20% to the general partner. Okay? But, that way your waterfall is in place. And this should all be pretty good. We've checked this out pretty closely right now. Okay? Um so, let's go back to this thing, cuz right now it doesn't cash flow and it doesn't work because your debt coverage ratio doesn't work. It doesn't work. So, we need to put more money down. So, as they were showing in there, is you need to put 55 54% down. So, if we did that, right? Now it's going to cash flow, cuz now you see your debt coverage ratio is now enough to get you a loan, 1.3 and some change. That's pretty good. But, now you see what's happening to all your returns, they're all going in the red. So, while you may be able to go get a loan, you wouldn't do the deal cuz you can't raise any money. Right? I mean, I could never get investors to give me $1.2 million, and in this case it's going to be now 2.3. Right? The number's higher now cuz I have a bigger down payment. So, now I got to come in with $2.3 million. So, really we need to find the sweet spot, which is probably 40% down. And then unfortunately, like I said, remember I said these guys are probably going to lose all of their equity? That's what's going to happen. Uh cuz now I'm going to come in here at 3.3 million, which is probably more in line with where this thing is is to start making some sense. I mean, we're getting there. We're getting there. Our IRR is hitting. But, we need to get our cash on cash in alignment. Can you make it bigger? Bigger? What's that? Can you make it bigger? Get rid of the uh the Yeah. Yeah, let me do this. I'll get rid of that, and then let me change the share so you guys can see this real quick. Do that. That. There we go. Then I can even zoom up on this guy a little bit. There we go. So, now you can see it a little bit better. So, now, you know, we dropped the price cuz all things being equal, right? The rents are what they are, the expenses are what they are. Everything else is set. Right? So, we can't really change anything else. The only thing that can change cuz interest rates are what they are, right? Interest rates are what they are. We have everything else in place exactly as it should be. Now, we just need to work backwards, which is I need to find a price point where this thing makes sense. Right? You know, we're getting there. All right? Um you know, so what I want to start trying to find out is, you know, where can I take the rents? You know? Um cuz I'm going to I'm going to get a loan, right? See, I can get a loan here. I'm meeting that metric. You know, if if if I can get a better interest rate, if I could get this interest rate down to 6.25, then I can start getting this cash on cash pretty close, right? So, the equity multiple's lining up, IRR's lining up, return on cost is fine. I'm getting real close on the 1% rule. But, once again, I don't follow that that closely. That's not a defining moment. These things don't all have to be green, FYI. The main ones you know that need to be green is the cash on cash, equity multiple, and IRR. Like these three right here. These other ones are great, but they're not necessary. Right? Um but we're close. We're close. Um and I can't put any more money down. I mean, what I can try to do is this. If I do 35 getting close. Um 40? 45? Yeah, we're getting there. Gosh. 48% down. Yeah, we're there now. You see now your equity multiples is real close. You're getting out of whack, but it's close. So, that's I mean, honestly this is where the deal needs to go. For this thing to make sense, and it's a nice property, it's turnkey, it's in Phoenix, it's a good market. I would need to buy this thing at 3.1 million, put 48% down raise 1.6. Your returns over here, just to kind of show you what this thing's going to look like for you and investors. Right? So, a 90/10 split on the capital in. 90% 1.4 is going to come from investors. 165 is going to come from you. These are your splits. Those are fine on your splits. All the money's going to flow down. So, look, this is cool. Your investors are going to make 20% a year. Why? Because we're going to do Let's do this um when we go to sell this thing, let's do this. Let's do Let's do the Let's do I'm not going to refi this thing. Let's actually change this real quick. Let me do the refinance. No. Let's watch this thing flow through and see what happens here. Okay. So, if we don't do a refinance, and we just sell this property out I want to see what this thing looks like here. You buy it 3.2, you sell it at 4 million. Which is probably fair. Probably fair. Um Yeah, I mean you can it doesn't really it doesn't fortunately, you know, you're not I mean you're making money. As the general partner, you're doing fine. But yeah, your investors at the end of the day are only really going to make about a 9% return on their money. You know, it just it's which is why the agent was saying and it makes sense now, the broker saying, "Listen, I mean this is really a 1031 buyer, which makes sense. It's somebody that's going to go in there. They're not going to really buy it on fundamentals, right? For all of you that were in Charlotte with us. You know, this is a 1031 exchange play where you have a high net worth investor that can come in and pay probably 3.3 million for the deal. You know, the current investors are going to get wiped out. But they're going to pay off the loan. And they'll be able to ride off into the sunset and at least now, you know, somebody owns something. They they saved money on taxes by 1031ing into it. I mean, that's the buyer for the property. There's there's no other way around it because you the market's not there yet in order to pay more. I mean, the rents have to go up a lot. Like these rents, the only way it would work. This is the only way it would work is if I got these rents up to about 1150. Watch what happens. If I got rents to 1150 from 905 to 1150, where the revenue jumps, all else being equal, okay? See what starts to happen? Right? My IRR is now at 19, my cash on cash at 10. This is all in alignment. I come over here to the waterfall. Everybody's making money. The deal works. But the rents have to go up. And that's not going to happen in Phoenix for the next, you know, year plus. You know, you're not going to get the rents from 905 to 1150 anytime in the next couple of years. And so, the best play is for a 1031 exchange buyer to go buy this thing, hold it. They'll eventually make money. They hold it long enough, they'll be fine. But it's not investable. It's not a deal where it would make sense for you to go raise money and take it down. Does that make sense? It's just the financials just don't back into it. They don't work. Uh Christian, you had a question real quick and then we'll finish up. Uh hey Justin. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um how you were playing with with all the the different pieces, would it make sense to lower more the price? I'm I'm sure the seller will not be very happy with it, but Yeah. I mean, again, I just want to say that you could &gt;&gt; You could. And then you're going to get in because the loan is 3 million on it currently. Yeah. So, the the the the broker told me that, right, on the phone. He said the loan the loan is currently $3 million. So, at 31, they're already probably not paying off a loan. I mean, we're real we're real tight. Real tight. So, that that's the challenge, right? Is they is they have too much debt on it based on the current market, current market. So, their buyer is a is exactly what the broker said. The broker's not dumb. He knows it. He's already done the numbers. And he realizes that the the the buyer for that property is a 1031 exchange high net worth individual that's rolling money in, avoiding taxes. They can play the long game, ride it out. And eventually the rents will go up. Eventually the they'll make money. But they're going to have to buy it with no it has to be a single owner, no investors. It's the only way that thing makes sense. With without lowering it into the twos, which is probably where it needs to go right it probably needs to be a hundred thousand dollars a door I probably need to buy it at two seven or it's a hundred thousand dollars a unit because then it would be investable it would make sense but that is what it is and so that's just not a deal I'd roll through that and just keep moving but I would use it as leverage just like I did with him and make it as an opportunity to see more deals and build a relationship with him And then say hey this one didn't work out I I get it you're right it's a ten thirty one exchange buyer so it's not investable with our model but you know I'd like to find some other deals or maybe things can happen you know so let's let's look for some more deals So Awesome everybody I know we're two minutes over time so I want to be respectful of your time but yeah hopefully this was helpful and then we'll get this up in the system for you it's in the chat currently so you can download it from the WhatsApp chat we just put it up there this afternoon um but we'll get it into the portal for you So awesome everybody have a good evening