What up everybody? Come on in. All right, let's get the chat going. Hope everybody's doing well. Happy Thursday. See all the folks coming in here. Good to see your faces. Haim, Chad, Christian, beautiful. John, good to see you. Hello everyone. Awesome. Would you join? Good to see you, sir. Seeing everybody come in here. Brian, good to see you. I know you're still in Memphis, Brian. I was actually going to talk about you this morning as well. Um Julian, chat about you as well. And then I don't know if we'll see King Luke in here. I was going to chat about him as well. And this all kind of links into the road map stages that um you know you may be in depending on where you're at. Whether you're at hey I've set everything up and now I'm in the process of writing offers and analyzing deals and trying to negotiate to get deals under contract, right? at phasing uh because you've kind of set up all the pre- stuff in advance or hey, I got a deal under contract and what are the next stages and how do I make sure that we get this thing moving towards close and then some folks who are already in that phase like Julian and so so forth. I'd be curious, Julian, I'll bring you up here real quick uh based on kind of how we responded back to you on some of the analysis for the financials on the tax side of it. um because we looked at the the property taxes there in um miss Michigan and I was a little confused because my my analysis was showing taxes lower but maybe I'm missing something. So love to chat with you about that. So I'll bring that up. Um seeing everybody who's got Paul in here. Oscar, good to see you. Miguel, awesome. and oops we're good there we got Bruce good to see you Chad and so forth so awesome okay let me go ahead I'm going to share my screen here in just a second but I did Julian wanted to bring you up real quick um briefly chat about the update on your Michigan deal &gt;&gt; yeah so where we are right now um LOI accepted 1.25 25 million. Uh doing financial due diligence. Inspections are all done. Still like the property, but it doesn't pencil that 1.25 million. Um there's some deferred maintenance that needs to happen on the roof and and the boiler, but again, that doesn't kill the deal. The two things that are real crucial right now, uh is that they're saying that there's $130,000 of NOI. Um and I can only reconcile about 78,000, maybe 80,000. So the question is where's that money? Um the other thing is uh that's killing the deal is maintenance. They are saying that you know it takes about 10 to 11,000 to to run the property for repair and maintenance, but they're about 74 work orders uh from uh 2025. Um that's putting it probably at more like the 18,000 to 20,000 um you know price range. So um I really need them to help me reconcile those those differences. uh on the on the other income they're basically saying that it's rubs and it's um you know application fees and stuff like that and some of that's there but it doesn't account for I mean I can I can generously say 20,000 it doesn't get me the the 80,000 delta um that you know that that's missing. So I don't think that I'm missing anything. I've had multiple conversations back and forth with the with the broker. of course, you know, they're they're in sell mode and they they want to they want to get a deal across the the finish line, but I mean, right now it's up to the seller to, you know, kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or get off the pot when it comes to showing me more expenses, excuse me, showing me more income um and demonstrating that the uh the maintenance and repair fees for the year are are lower. &gt;&gt; Right. So, you you've analyzed the rent roll to see kind of okay, here's the rents &gt;&gt; and here's what's being collected. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. And then the only other income is other income. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. Exactly. &gt;&gt; And then depending on um so I guess from your perspective, what um do you have it in front of you by chance? &gt;&gt; I do. I can pull it up. &gt;&gt; What is the the total rents? &gt;&gt; So like just from the rental income currently? &gt;&gt; Yeah. About 205,000s. &gt;&gt; That's the total rents annually. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then you're using what, like a 10% uh economic loss? &gt;&gt; 10% economic loss. &gt;&gt; So that's about 20 grand. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then you're adding in some uh your other income. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's uh so I've got about 9,700 from Rubs uh they've implemented over the last six months, which I I believe um you know, move out fees, late applica, late application fees. That's fine. So it gets me about 17 about 17,000. Um &gt;&gt; yeah for for other income. &gt;&gt; Um so the NOI I've got about 73,78. &gt;&gt; Right. So you got 205 minus the 20 plus the 17. So that gets me to about 202,000. Yep. &gt;&gt; Effective. Effective. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; And then I'm going to take out my expenses. &gt;&gt; Right. And you know, this is a uh a 19 &gt;&gt; 66 &gt;&gt; 60 Yeah. 1960 something property. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So right now, &gt;&gt; even if you even if you're running, let's just say a flat 50%. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Then that's about 100 grand coming out. That's at a 50% expense ratio. &gt;&gt; So then that would put you at 102 on your NOI. And you're saying you're at 76? Yeah, I'm at 7 I'm at 73 because uh I've got a 64% uh expense ratio. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. Yeah. So, I guess Yeah. And so it's that that's Yes. You're you're taking their actual expenses. Um and then how are you how are you putting together those actual expenses? &gt;&gt; So taxes, I mean, I've seen what they pay for taxes. It's super high, but that's that's real. Um that's the biggest uh that's the big biggest. &gt;&gt; So So those are actual numbers. those &gt;&gt; actual numbers. Okay, &gt;&gt; property taxes, actual numbers. Insurance, they've got it's in a flood zone, so I've got property tax plus flood insurance. Those are actual numbers. Um turnover, utilities, uh utilities I've added up for the year. That's about 29,000, but it's, you know, you got the rub, so that it's offset. Um and then, uh general admin, 4,300. Contract services about 11,000 for snow plowing and things like that throughout the year. marketing 2,300 and then their management fee is about 7,200 that they pay because it's kind of in-house. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; the biggest the only thing that I can really bring down for uh expenses is maintenance and repair. They're saying it's like$7,000, but that's BS, &gt;&gt; right? You you need to run it um and presume it's going to run at a normal property, which would be $7 to $800 per unit per year. I mean, that's where it should run. &gt;&gt; Um, and then you're going to have some little bit of turnover, you know, that you have to account for. Uh, but yeah, I mean, you know, 50 55%. I mean, you know, you should be able to operate the property at that unless there's something arduous that is in those expense line items. Typically, that's going to come from the maintenance, repair line items or taxes or insurance. I mean, those are the big ones, right? &gt;&gt; Um, so that's where you would want to look into it. &gt;&gt; But yeah, I mean, even then, yeah, to hit 130, yeah, they're way underestimating their expenses, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah, but I mean, like, if they can if there's demonstrable other income, I mean, just show me. I mean, that's that's really where it is right now. And I just they you know what I keep hearing from the uh you know the seller through the broker is oh well it's a cashbased you know system and I was like but what does that mean? I mean like I don't &gt;&gt; you mean what do you mean cashbased system? &gt;&gt; Well these are cashbased you know incomes that that have been collected and it's just like but I mean it's not it what you're saying like this 130,000 magical numbers shows up as NOI on the T12 but I can't reconcile that with what's actually um documented in terms of income. Well, yeah. And when they say cashbased systems, um that the money still has to go somewhere. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, like you collect rent and then you collect these other incomes &gt;&gt; and it goes into a thing called a bank account. &gt;&gt; Um because if you're just collecting them and then having some cash in your back pocket, &gt;&gt; uh I got news for you. I can't count that. &gt;&gt; Exactly. what I told them. &gt;&gt; So, I think now &gt;&gt; they negotiated out of the uh they negotiated their way out of the um &gt;&gt; uh of showing their bank statements in the PSA, but like now I basically told like I mean if you guys don't show me the bank statements, I don't know what we can do, &gt;&gt; right? Because I'm presuming this is in a single asset entity, correct? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Does he have a loan on it currently still? Correct. &gt;&gt; I'm not sure. Probably, but I'm not sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then so in order for that loan to be put on it, the bank to give them the loan, they would have to have a singlepurpose entity and a bank account attached to that singlepurpose entity. &gt;&gt; So they have a bank account and the money goes in it. &gt;&gt; And you know, once again, you don't really need those bank statements or that depth unless things get a little like here where you're like, "Hey, the numbers just aren't jing." &gt;&gt; Yeah. uh we can't pull the money together. And so if I can't pull the money together, then I can't pay you what you're asking. I would love to pay you a million250. I would love to pay you a million250 for your property, but if the numbers don't match up, I can't do it. And it's not even that I can't do it. The bank won't let me do it. And the good news is the bank won't let any human being on the planet do it either. So, the only person that will give you a million250 is a dumbass that has cash. And I ain't got news for you. Someone that has a million250 liquid cash is not a dumbass. So, they're not going to give it to you because they're going to do even more deep diving. So, you have a couple choices. We can either show me where the money's at or your new price is now 900 grand. and then they'll do this and then you can do this back, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I mean, there's no way around it, right? I mean, it's just it's unfortunate that, &gt;&gt; you know, this stuff happens, but it's like, guys, like, I'm not asking you to be perfect. There's going to be errors, right? It's not going to be exact, but it needs to be within reason. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. You can't be showing me that you have 130,000 NOI when in reality, when we really look at the numbers, you're like at 100,000 max. Like an That's That's if I'm being nice. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Right. Yeah. So, I think I think the the the the brokers understand it. I mean, I've uh I mean, thanks to you. I mean, definitely been able to hold my own, you know, showing them the numbers, showing them the model. Like, dude, it's I'm not saying that anybody's lying. I'm just saying like, look, the numbers don't number. So, you know, I need you to show me two things. I need to show I need to see other income. Um because that can save the deal. Um, and I can see and I need to see the the main &gt;&gt; What are they saying the other income number is? &gt;&gt; So, they're say they the I don't think that the brokers really understand uh the the numbers that well either. I think they're just saying like there's there's they're basically falling back on the argument that oh well the owner operates all these types of uh these types of units all over the the city and there's no way that they're operating or could make money at a 63% uh expense ratio. And I was like, that's fine, but I mean like based on the numbers that I'm seeing, they are running at a 63% expense ratio. So, if there's more income that would offset that, then show me. Um, the only other outlier that I've seen um that I'm hoping they're not counting as income. When I looked at their GL um uh data sheet, basically bad bad debt, they they wrote off $23,000 of bad debt uh you know, last year. And I was like, I hope to goodness they're not counting that as uh as income because that's not something that's an expense. That's not that's not income. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Well, yeah. What happens is it goes in and it goes out, right? Meaning they can show like what they would like to collect, but then they didn't collect it, right? So, they can show it up top, but then they're going to have to take it out of the bad debt line item, which is in your economic loss, right? So, if you're looking at this thing, and I'm just doing basic top of the the math napkin stuff here. If I can even get that there. Hopefully it zooms in a little bit, but I'm like a teacher with a whiteboard here. Two 2005, right? In your gross, I'm taking out 20k in your um economic loss. Adding in the other income of 17, that get me that gets me to an effective gross income of 202. Then I'm taking out 50% just 100 grand for simple math which gets me to that NOI of 102. Okay, do you follow me? Oops. You there, Julian? Did I lose you? Uh oh. Where'd you go? Come back on. But you get the point. Can you guys see this on the camera? Put a little thumbs up in the chat. You can see that. I know it's a little blurry. But hopefully that helps. Yeah. Great. So what he's talking about is, hey, if they have all this other income, then it would come up here, like it would be added in here, but then the bad debt would come out of this line item here. So if they wrote off $23,000 in bad debt, then that would increase that line item from 20,000 to 43,000. Even though they would put it, it's almost like a wash, right? So once again, that's why you always want to check the delinquency on a property in bad debt because they can show income. Yeah, great. I'm supposed to get this, right? The whole I mean, think about it for a minute. The whole propertyy's occupied. It's 100% occupied. That doesn't mean squat if nobody's paying rent, right? I mean, great. Yeah, we're supposed to make 200 grand, but nobody pays any rent, so we make zero. That's the whole point. That's why you check for the delinquency list and the bad debt, right? Because it starts at delinquency, meaning, hey, I'm not collecting it. Here's my delinquency. And then, hey, I didn't collect it, so I write it off as bad debt. Like, I never collected it. We evicted them. They left. Can't collect, right? Goes to bad debt. So, that's a write-off. You never actually collected that income even though you were hoping to collect it up top. So, yeah. So, he's working through those numbers and checking that stuff out. And that's important, right? This is part of the financial due diligence that goes on in the process. And so, as you know, Julian's right in the middle of it. A couple of you are are just starting that process. He's right in here, number nine, right in the due diligence phase coming through. That'll let me even write on there. Will it let me write? Maybe it'll There we go. There we go. So, yeah, it'll let me write here. So, that way. Why does it not let me do that? It's so weird. Should let me write on it. Scribble on it. Maybe it doesn't like me. You guys see where I'm at down here. Um, but yeah, that's the whole point of it right here is in the due diligence phase. And that's where he's at, right? He went under contract. He's doing his analysis, you know, starting to realize, hey, some things aren't adding up. So, we need to look into this thing to make sure things add up before we uh our money goes hard at the end of our due diligence period. So, that's really really key. Now, to kind of back up here to the point of uh offers and negotiation and then getting under contract. So, like King just went under contract on his deal in uh in Texas and so congratulations King on that. See, you're about to enter this phase of chaos. Congratulations. But that's why you're here, right? We're going to walk you through the this part right here. 8 n 10. So, you close and doing all the exact same thing. So, what are the next steps, you know, for you king or anybody for that matter that gets into that phase? So, you got the call, you got the accepted LOI, we're going to be moving into contract. Typically, just so you know, there's a there's a um Paula, he did pay for some inspections to answer your question. So, yeah, he's out a couple thousand bucks on inspections, but that's it. I mean, if I was going to have a problem, I'd rather have a problem of a couple grand versus not doing what I'm supposed to do. You close on the deal and now you're out 500,000. I mean, you get the point. So, with King, for example, he's going to start going through it. So the really the next stages is this. Okay. Is it this one here? Due diligence preview. Is it this one? Yeah, I think it's this one. So this is in your backend everybody. So it's in your download section in your backend. Uh there's multiple ones. I'm going to show you a few of them, but this is your multif family apartment acquisitions closing process, right? Highle flow and then we'll get into the nitty-gritty details. So, pre-contract like, "Hey, my offer just got accepted." So, now I'm going to submit, negotiate the purchase and sale agreement. That's going to take King about 7 to 14 days. So, King, don't let them rush you. Don't let them like try and shove a contract down your throat. That's not how it works. They can send over the agreement. It should be, it's a smaller deal. It could be on the Texas uh commercial contract, right? It's an option with addendums that you'll add to it. So that way there's protections across the board. And then you're going to execute that PSA and begin the initial deposit. Then you're going to go into your syndication setup, right? If you're going to be raising capital, which most of you are, legally forming the entity, uh obtaining EIN and bank accounts, preparing your documents and all of that stuff, and launching the investor capital raise. So part of that capital raise just so you know what I would be doing king right now is I would be making sure that I have my landing page set up right my landing page set up which you have it right in the back end of your system just like your website this is why we did all this stuff up front right we set up the website we got the CRM we got all this front-loaded stuff so you have an official company a multifamily capital company so that way once you get to this point 80% % of the work's already done. Now, I'm going to go ahead for the deal specifically, I'm going to customize that landing page. And that way, it would look kind of something like this. And you all have them uh as well, but it would look like this. I'll share. So, like this is for our fund. And I have this set up for our fund. So that way you can come on and I can share this link with anybody and they can get a look at the opportunity and your template looks identical by the way. So your company logo up here, your information here obviously talks about the hybrid fund and then it's a little summary video. &gt;&gt; Hi, how are you? Justin Brennan here with Brennan Pulley Capital Group. Welcome into a smarter way to invest in real estate. &gt;&gt; Can you guys hear the audio? Just want to make sure you can hear the audio. The thumb thumbs up if you can hear the audio on that. Okay, great. Cool. But you get the point, right? You get a little built for investors like you. &gt;&gt; And all I'm doing is I'm just talking through. You can see I'm I'm literally sharing the pitch deck. I mean, it's like a little Zoom webinar and I'm just coming through it and I'm sharing the pitch deck. So that way I can send this link to anybody that has interest. They can watch this little 15, 20 minute video I put together and they can get a real good idea about the property. But do you know what it also does? If they spend 20, 30 minutes with me and I'm looking over the deal and I understand it really well and I understand the market really well and I understand what's going on really well, does that build trust? Probably. Do you think they'll figure out if they like me or not in that 30 minutes? Probably. So that's why a great simple little something. It doesn't have to be sexy, guys. You could literally sit in front of your computer and share the screen just like I'm doing right now and walk through your your deal and talk about it and talk about why it's a good deal and walk literally right through your pitch deck, right? Literally walk through the pitch deck. So, King, back to you setting up that this landing page. It's all templated. It's ready to go. You're just going to come in here and customize it for your specific deal. And it's going to allow somebody to download your pitch deck. When they come here, they fill out this information. This goes right into the CRM that we already have set up for you and we gave to you. So that way you can collect all the leads and all the people and all the information. And they're going to download the pitch deck. And after you come in here and do that, oh, what's a real phone number? Really? Come on. See, it knows better. then it's going to go ahead and load into my pitch deck. So that way somebody can download it right from the website and they can get all the information they want to look at, right? You kind of see the point and that's that's the beauty of behind it. So that way you have the landing page set up. You're also going to start setting up your pitch deck and this is the whole kind of um PDF thing that we have set up for you guys or I'm sorry it's a PowerPoint and we also shared Canva, right? So in your backend you have two ways to create your pitch deck about your property. It's a PowerPoint you can download and edit the PowerPoint option A or you can use Canva and we have a link to the shared version. You just want to make a copy of that copy of that for yourself to then set up the pitch deck. Um, what I would recommend for everybody here personally is I would go ahead and set up a sample pitch deck for you. It's going to actually help you raise the soft commitments money from people that are probably out there where you could show them a sample deal like a like an example of a deal. So that way if you're at a backyard barbecue and you're talking to people or if you're anywhere and someone says, "Well, yeah, do you have any deals?" You could say, "Yeah, we're working on a few. Nothing locked in just yet, but let me send you some information and take a look at it." And you could send them the sample deal. Say, "Hey, this is a sample. This is how we run it. This is what we do. Take a look at it and go from there." But that builds trust. That builds, hey, like these guys are professional. They're not just some Timbuktu from the corner. So that that just builds the trust. So you're creating that soft commitments in that warm list. So that way when you have an actual deal, it's already teed up. It's warmed up. I don't need to get to know you. I don't need to spend three weeks seeing if I trust you. I've spent the last three months looking at your stuff. You see the point? That's why that's so critical. It's why it's so critical. This is how you create the call the the horse before the cart or the cart before the horse. This is how you do both. You get the warm commitments, the soft commitments up front. You're setting all this up because you're running an official multifamily capital company. So that way when you kind of come around the corner on that road map and you actually get a deal locked up and under contract, you're not having to go do all of this stuff that you set up up front. Okay? Put a one in the chat if this kind of resonates and makes sense. I just want to make sure it's it's landing because it's a really critical piece to getting over kind of a lot of the fears or uncertainty or questions around raising capital. Never raised any money. Scared to raise money. Nobody will give me any money. Fearful of that, right? Fearful of that. So, it's really important that and that's why all this stuff up here is set up in advance. This is why we do the business in a box up front. We get your website set up. We get your CRM set up. We get your EIN, your LLC, your bank account, everything. Business cards, logo. You are running a multifamily capital company officially. Yeah. Cool. It's awesome. And then you're doing your market selections. And then you're doing the broker deal flow and you're generating that your market trip. So, let's talk on the market trip for a minute. We got Brian, I think, who's back out in Memphis, Tennessee. Brian, are you still here? I think you're still here. Yeah. Um, can I bring you on real quick just to say hi about uh Memphis? Because you're back out there after we did our one-on-one trip out there. You're back out there meeting with property managers, meeting with brokers, touring the areas again, getting deals because you're committed and you're saying, "Hey, I'm getting two to three deals this year in 2026. I better get going." So, that's why you're back out there. Um, I'm going to go ahead and bring you on real quick. Allow you to talk. Here you come. Because now now you're in the market trip phase number five. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I came out I did my market trip with Doug and Sandy and you probably well it was three weeks ago now I think. Um we came out to Memphis and so um there's some stuff I need to come back out for. Wanted to meet some of the property managers, meet some more brokers. Um and uh once I had a grasp of what was going on, realized that those relationships were important. So came back out to Memphis and I'm out here meeting with property managers and other brokers now this week. &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah. Yeah. And uh any kind of new information? I mean, we've we we drove it and we see it, we get it. Um anything new so far? Same same. You're just kind of building the team. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely building the team. What? You know, like you said, finding those property managers, they give you a lot of insight um into areas. Uh they're, you know, found one that's real careful about how um he talks about things, but um basically says that's an area we'd be able to manage for you or that's an area not. basically what he's telling me that's probably somewhere you should be um as a new investor or that's somewhere you shouldn't be. Um and then other than that um it's just been you know making those relationships um learning more about the area and then really seeing what's going on out here in Memphis. &gt;&gt; Got it. Cool. Beautiful. Yeah. Thank you for sharing. &gt;&gt; No problem. &gt;&gt; So that's the market trip. That's number five. And then you get you know the stage six which is the capital foundation. And if you notice kind of in here where I've highlighted over it, soft commitments, right? This is where you're warming your database up. So that way by the time you actually get a deal under contract, you're not having to warm your database up because that's where people can kind of get into trouble. Meaning, you haven't set all this kind of foundational stuff up front, a few months in advance to kind of warm people up. And the way you do that is by making sure the business is set up, everything's in alignment, you're rocking and rolling. So you have a storefront. Then number two, I put in here, you see this little pitch deck thing, right? The pitch deck of getting that sample in place, right? Getting the sample in place. And I think I have the detailed version of it. Hold on one second here. Let me make sure it's in here, but I know it is. Um there's stage one, stage three, brokers and deal flow market trip capital foundation. Oh, here we go. Cool. Yeah. So, if you go into your back end, right? So, this is the road map which you all have and then you have the this road map as well. So, this is this is the package that's in your back end. This is the PDF that's in your back end. You got the road map and then this breaks each stage down in detail. Okay, so you get to the stage of capital foundation and you'll see all the different detailed steps that you should be doing in that stage. One of them is right create a simple pitch deck of a mock deal. Send your pitch deck to your list of 25 people that what you built your CRM and stuff ahead of this. send it out to them because you already have your company website set up. You got your CRM in place. Your company's official. You have an EIN, a bank account. You're officially official. And now you're going to send them a cool mocked up pitch deck of a sample deal, mock deal. And you're simply sending it to them. You're initiating you're initiating the thought around setting the identity that you're a multif family investor. Even if you're a dentist, even if you're a financial adviser, even if you're a tech consultant, you know, whatever it is that you do for your day job is great, but you're adding on this element of I'm a multif family investor. And by sending this out to a database of people, you don't ask them for anything. You just say, "Hey, their name sending you out an opportunity. This is a sample deal, but we're looking for deals in Indiana. We're looking for deals in Cleveland. We're putting these things together. I wanted you to take a look at it and I'd love your feedback. That's it. I would love your feedback. And what's going to happen is they'll respond to something like that and they'll ask you like, I didn't know you were investing in apartments. That's super cool. How are you doing it? Or, hey, I took a look at it and I had a couple questions. Even though it's not even a real deal yet. The whole point is you're setting in place the motion of, oh, like, yeah, I know you're a dentist, dude, but you also do this, or I know you're a contractor. I know you do this. I know you do that, but Oh, this is cool. Like, you're starting to invest in apartments. Do you have any deals right now? No, not yet. But this is what we're working on. Yeah, I'd love to take a look when you have one. Okay, cool. Yeah, I'll keep you in mind. So, you're doing all of that here. So, that way by the time you get to here, right, you're not having to do this and it kind of helps warm up that process. So, that way it's cart before the horse, horse before the cart. It's actually both. And you do them concurrently. That way you're not chasing your tail. Really important. So for King, he just went into contract. He's been setting up all this stuff way in advance. He's got it locked and loaded. So for him now, he needs to one, get the pitch deck put together. Two, get the deal website put together. Three, he's got to start going through this checklist, right? These checklists right here, right? The acquisition checklist. This is all on your back end. I understand this is a lot. Don't freak out. That's why we're here. That's why we're here. But you want this because this is very detailed to show you every single section of things that you need to think of. They may not all be applicable, right? You'll know which ones like if you don't have, you know, radon, gas, and other things, you don't need to worry about stuff like that, but you do need to, you know, a lot of this stuff will apply in some way, shape, or form. So, you just want to be I want to I'd rather overprepare you than underprepare you. But this is what we help walk you through, okay? What we help walk you through. But that's your acquisition checklist. And then you also have a little simpler one, which is is it this one? No, we already showed you that one. You want this one, too. And then there's one other one. Where's that at? Where is it at? There we go. There we go. So, this is kind of this main one where King's at now. He's going to come in here. He's already tooured the property. He's done all this stuff. He's starting to get into the inspections and due diligence. Here's the team of people that he's going to need. It may not all apply if you don't have a pool and you don't have certain things. You you may not need that, but this would be the max amount of people that you would need to inspect the property. And then the actual way you're going to inspect it. You're going to walk every unit. Every unit. Every unit. I don't care if the broker or the seller say, "Well, I don't know if we can get into this one." Oh, no. We're getting into it. We're getting into it. Because you want to check all the units. You want to see if there's what they call down units, meaning there's an issue with it. Maybe there's mold. Maybe there's problems. Whatever it is, you're getting in the units. every single unit, closet, storage room, whatever. All of it. Every ounce, every inch, I don't care. You're going to do it. Okay? You need to see it all. You need photos of it all, right? You're going to inspect the sewers, all this stuff, right? This is the checklist of things you want to inspect physically. And then the financial due diligence. So, these are the types of reports and things you want to verify, which Julian has done very brilliantly, and he's uncovered some stuff, right? He's he's found out, well, I'm having a problem trying to verify some of the deposits, the rents, the rubs, right? I'm having a problem getting, you know, some of this detailed information around the income. You're saying you're making the income, but I can't verify it. So, we got to check some things, right? Some of your expenditures and capex and things. I need to double check this stuff because it's not lining up. And then here's the questions that you'll be sending over to the seller. So King, right now you will take these questions now that you're getting under contract, right? Before you had LOI and you're moving to contract, you want these things responded to before you go into contract. So that way you have an idea in number one and number two, you have the seller by the balls because if they answer these things and then you go find out that they were lying when you do your inspections, you have them by the wayos rancheros. Okay, that's the whole point. And these are very important. Every single one of these questions was put together because somebody lost some money. That's why they're there. Um, and they're very important. So they will answer these Listen, I don't care if the broker's like, "That seems like a lot of questions." Well, yeah, it is. But it's important that we understand it so that way we don't back out of the deal. I'd like to know all this stuff so we don't have some unknowns. But that's why it's here. Very, very important. So, all these are in your back end, right? And this is part of this contract phase as you're going into stage nine. This is the due diligence and all this, right? doing the due diligence, doing everything to doublech checkck the property while your money's fully refundable, by the way. And that way you feel comfortable before you actually go hard on this thing and, you know, try and fully close it. And that's where Julian's at right now. He's in this kind of mixed land. Okay, we've done all these inspections. It's unfortunate. It's not always the case that this happens, but I'd rather know that now. And I'd rather if I have to spend a couple grand unfortunately to figure that out. I'd rather have a couple grand gone than hundreds of thousands gone because I made a dumb mistake, right? So that's that's that's why this is here. That's why we're here for you. So I'm going to answer a couple quick questions real quick. I see Alen. Um I'm going to go and bring you on to talk. See if that brings up. Are you there? Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Just two stories are being told. There's numbers versus mine. Yeah, got it. Joan. Yeah, Joan said, "Yeah, to be clear, no one is being um kind of shady. It's just that you're looking at two sets of numbers and you're trying to get clarity." Um, that is correct, Paula. So, the due diligence process is the due diligence of financials and physical. Financials and physical. It's combination of both. And those documents I was just showing you, all of those are in your backend portal. If you go in there, you'll see a section under closing section. If you want to get the specific ones, there's a section that we put in there for closing that you can pull all those documents down and have them in a folder. So that way you can reference them when you get to this stage right here. Um, and then when you have questions, which you're going to, you can ask us. All these documents, just so you know, are also in the multifamily AI that we've created, you know, and we're adding into here all the time. So, all these documents are in there. So, that way you could literally go talk to AI, our mentor AI that you guys have, and it's kind of like me talking to you kind of because we've literally inserted it and talked to it and got it smarter and smarter and it's getting great. Um, so that's all there. Uh, Alen, are you still in here? If not, that's okay. &gt;&gt; Yes, I'm here. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. Yeah, I know you had your hand up in a question. &gt;&gt; Uh, probably never. Sorry. &gt;&gt; No, no, it's okay. Uh, but based on what you're seeing, does this make sense for you? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. And how it's like all connecting and why, you know, we do this stuff up front. So that way, you know, you kind of have your ducks in a row and you don't feel like I mean, you don't feel like I did. Okay. Like when I got my first deal, my first 27 unit, the only thing that I had set up was my was our company website, right? Because I wanted to look the part before we were the part. I wanted to have clout before we had clout because I knew that the brokers, the lenders, investors, people would once they kind of knew that we were going to go buy an apartment complex, they'd be like, "Well, let me check you out." And so I wanted that up. So that's the only thing I had set up, but I didn't have a lot of like the whole due diligence checklist and like all that stuff and premeating with lenders and setting all this kind of capital foundation stuff up. I didn't have any of that set up. So yeah, when we got the contract, I'm like, "Holy crap, we got to go." Right? And then it's like a sprint, right? So what I'm trying to avoid is having you run around like you feel like you have your head cut off and you're a chicken, as they would say. So, that's why we set this up in advance so you kind of roll right into it. And yes, you'll still freak out. That's okay. Normal. Uh, but that's why we're here to kind of walk you kind of keep you from jumping off the ledge because it, you know, this due diligence process when you get under contract, right, you're you're you got you got your big boy pants on now, right? I mean, this is what you've been dreaming of getting and now you're here and you're in the moment, right? If you think about it, it's like all these players in the Super Bowl, right? They've spent their whole lives trying to get to that moment and now you're in the moment, right? You don't want to choke. But you don't choke by setting up all this stuff in advance by being well prepared. That's why that's how you don't choke is you're well prepared. You're wellversed. You're being guided and handheld correctly. So that way, hey, if you have to lean on us, that's why you're here. It's the whole point is when you get into that stuff. So, hope that helps. Um, see Christian in here. Don, good to see you, sir. Uh, any other quick questions. We got about 10 minutes left, so I want to open it up, but I wanted to touch on kind of this cycle of these three areas. So, you got Brian, who's right in this phase. He's out here continuing the market trip in Memphis, Tennessee. He set up all the stuff in advance of it. onboarding, business in a box, market selection, getting the brokers in deal flow. Now he's out there doing the market trip, and then he's basically going to be in the cycle now of finding, analyzing, writing offers, finding, analyzing, writing offers, finding, analyzing, writing offers until boom, he's going to get his first deal under contract. And now he's going to be in that cycle. But he's set up all this stuff in advance. So he's kind of locked and loaded. And with many of you, you've done the same thing. And that's the whole point. It's the whole point of setting this up. And then I know we're we're looking at some other properties in Cleveland. I know he in here. We got Kelly and David. You know, they're in in negotiations on a on a nice property in Cleveland. See what happens with that. We just don't know. We had a great call yesterday with the brokers. Uh talking about that one to see if that thing is going to make sense because once again, sellers kind of being not shady, but just not being transparent. And so it's it's it's not always the case. Just FYI. So, don't feel like it is. Um, but if they are, you know, you need to kind of call them out on it and just be straight up and say, "Guys, we would love to buy your property. I would I like the property. I like the deal. I like what's going on, but I just need it to it's got to make sense, you know, and I need everybody to be transparent and forthcoming so we can get across the finish line." But that's why this is all in place, okay? And that's why we follow this very systematic process to make sure that happens. So, does that make sense, Alene? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. Cool. Thank you. I see Akus in here. Good to see you. Thanks for coming on in. Um, any last questions before we finish up? I kind of walked through and chatted through the things I wanted to go over with today based upon the different stages that people are in. So, you got Brian here and then now he's writing offers. He's setting up the the capital foundation thing. So, even for you though, Brian, even though you have the backend and all that stuff set up, one great thing you could do now, would be kind of preset up that uh website that's or not the website, the landing page for a mockup deal and then do a mockup pitch deck. And I understand the first time you do the pitch deck, it's overwhelming. Uh we have a video that I did specifically that walks you through how to actually do the pitch deck. But I would go through that process and it'll take you a while to do it. But just know that once you do it one time, now it's going to be much more easily repeatable. But that way now you have a mock deal, a mock landing page. You're almost like acting as if it's already happening and you can start filtering that mock deal out to the database of contacts that you set up here and start warming them up, warming them up, warming them up. even though you're in law enforcement, you're doing all this other stuff, you're also a multif family investor. And it's going to start sending the signal that, hey, oh, this is cool. I like what you're doing, dude. That's really cool. Tell me more about that. And because they've seen your professionalism because you got the website, CRM, your pitch decks. I mean, you're locked and loaded. You're being set up correctly. They're going to feel comfortable and they're going to begin to build this trust factor with you that hey, when you have a real deal, Brian, yeah, I'm totally interested because I can see that you got your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. Excuse my French, right? Looks like you got some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. And that's important for building trust. Because if I'm going to give you any money, I need to trust that I may get it back. Hopefully, at least hopefully that I'm going to get my money back. And that's part of this process. Um, any other last questions before we uh we finish up? Hope this was helpful. And then you got Yeah, you got King right here. He's getting ready to go under contract. He's right at this stage right here. Stage eight. Getting ready to go under contract. Oh, one last thing I wanted to show you before we go. Um, let me pull that baby up. I think it was right here. I still had it saved. I was looking it up. Okay. So, this was cool. So, I went and let me share this so you can see this. Um, you know, when he said, "Hey, we got this deal under contract." I was like, "Sweet. I just want to take a peek at it." So, I came on the street view. This is in Fort Worth, Texas. Don't worry, it's not the car. Uh, but little single family neighborhood. Obviously, you know, an older property. I understand it looks a little little little rough at the moment, but don't worry. I love that they have this light right here. That's great. So, a couple things to notice on it. So, pay attention to this. Okay. Pay attention to this because this looks worn down. This is a 1960s property. Yellow brown roof you got. Although, they did actually come in here and upgrade the windows. That's cool. They put in some vinyl windows. That's good. So, a couple things he's going to want to do to this property. You see all this nasty in the window, right? Where he's got I don't know what the that's aluminum. What is that? Right? Where they put in the the tin foil and stuff, right? It just doesn't look good, right? And so, what you're going to what he's going to do with these is he's going to put on solar screens. They're called solar screens. They give a nice congruent look to the property, right? To give you an idea of what that looks like. Um, see if it pulls up on this one. It does. Perfect. Um, let's go to Now I have the um photos on here. Photo gallery. There we go. So, with this, get some of the building shots. you'll be able to see it. Um, what it's supposed to look like like that. You see these solar screens in here? See how you put them on and they kind of make all the and they're just outdoor screens that are solar screens. They keep it cooler. They make it look nice. That way you don't have to look at everybody's crap in their windows, right? It makes everything congruent looking, right? It makes everything congruent looking, right? So, he's going to do the same thing on this property. He's going to come in here. Solar screen. solar screen. Solar screen. He's also going to paint this roof and he's going to paint the brick and he's going to change out some sign, you know, some numbers and signs. Clean it up, right? And he can even add some elements to the like some wood elements and stuff. I'm going to show you a property right around the corner because what's really cool that I saw and I don't I think he has seen this is if you come to the aerial, right? So, one thing I really like about this property, at least on where it's at, is it's surrounded by single family. It's good, right? There's nothing crazy around it, anything like that. He's not dealing with, you know, you got a little junkyard thing over here, but that's that's out of the way. It's not right next to it. Single family, single family up and around it. But watch this right here. So, what's happening around this corner right here that I saw is this literally next door. So, his property is right here. Literally, this see how this is painted. You're literally going to mimic that. You're going to mimic it. It tells you exactly what the market loves. See how they painted this brick? Beautiful. And then you could add some wood elements. See that? Just for fun. I mean, they took, you know, kind of a rough situation and made it super nice. And here you go. You're going to do the exact same thing to this building. exact same thing. I'm curious what that I mean, he's got a vacant lot. That's interesting. But you can make this property look pretty cool, just like that guy right there. Almost identical. Put some nice little, you know, cedar fencing up. Nothing sexy, but you got single family homes around you, right? Decent. Decent, right? All decent properties. You don't have a bunch of bars on the windows, anything like that. And these are newer. And then you have a cool little property right here. It's got the yard stuff set up, but I mean this is great right here. Let's come right down here. You got single family homes and all this stuff, right? Nothing crazy here. A nice cool blue house. Maybe that's for the Dallas Cowboys. I don't know. I don't know. But you can see you got pride of ownership, right? Some pride of ownership around there. You got this cool smaller apartment building sitting right smack in the middle there. The other thing he should do is I would come in here and reass not reassphalt, but do a a tar layer. They could come in here, clean it up. It's a small, they got parking in the back and stuff. But if you just did for 15 to 18 cents a square foot, they'll come in here and retar and lay down a new layer and they'll restripe it. It'll look sharp, right? Look like brand new tar and stuff. You don't have to you don't have to bust it all up. They'll just come in and put a new layer on top of it and clean it up. And then yeah, you could add in some fencing and stuff. But super nice little property. Definitely a value ad. You can see I mean it's giving you an ele exactly what you can do. It's telling you exactly what you can do. So that's pretty cool. I liked that. Um you love worn down. Yeah, worn down's great. Listen, nothing wrong with worn down. You just don't want to be worn down in a crappy neighborhood, right? So, what you want is kind of an ugly duckling in a decent area. I mean, that's what you want. You want an ugly duckling in a decent area. And that's kind of what this one looks like to me. Uh, obviously, I haven't been there and I don't know it in detail, but I literally look to the right and I'm like, "Well, that's interesting. Let's go take a peek at this sucker." And I'm like, "Holy crap." There you go. I mean, there's my model. There's my model. I may do it a little bit differently, but very similar. Come right back here. And there you go. Tells you exactly what to do. And I mean, you can And how cool would it be to kind of have them mimic each other a little bit, right? You could tweak them a little bit to have them, you know, unique, but concept is the same. It's telling you what the market likes. So, let's go. Um, cool. Any questions, uh, as we're finishing up? Last questions before we finish up. But I wanted to show you that because that's how my eye sees that when I go and how your eyes should see that is um is you're looking at the neighborhood, you're looking at the aerials, right? You guys have all been you see many of you that have been around enough, you're coming at it from the aerial first, taking a look, right? You got Fort Worth and then you got Dallas. You're coming right in here and I'm looking. I'm like, cool. It's surrounded by single family. It's the first thing I notice. Zoom in a little bit closer. There's not liquor stores. There's not a 7-Eleven right next door. 24-hour convenience, smoke shop, any of that stuff, right? I got a church. Got a church right around the corner. Sweet. Another church over here, you know. Great. Little convenience shop around the corner. That's all fine. Home furniture store. That's cool. At least you don't have to go far to get your furniture. Um, but yeah, nice little single family neighborhood right there in Fort Worth. And there's some new development stuff. These are all new construction. You can see they got built all these new homes. These are new. New new new. All new right here. And then you got this baby right here. All fully remodeled. That's cool. That's a good look. That's what you're looking for because it shows you that there's some path of progress, future growth, things going on. Yeah, I know. You got this little car thing over here. It's a junkyard. But that doesn't worry me too much. Mainly because if I come in here, it's first of all, it's not right next door. That's key. And I don't back up to it. It's not right behind me. And if I'm looking at it, all I see is a fence, right? So any tenants, anybody coming in here, they're not going to be staring at a junkyard. Now, if this whole thing were like a bunch of dead cars sitting over here, that'd be a totally different story. But you don't you don't even notice it. Um, uh, chat fixed up the exterior, but I can't share the pick. Um, yes, you could. I mean, what's even cooler now, I mean, gosh, guys, the AI thing is changing things so fast. It's so scare. It's scary and amazing at the same time, but I haven't been able to maneuver. I'm still trying to figure this thing out. Um, why would a property list with no price on the OM have only perform a list of the OM? A lot of times the commercial Johnny doesn't even have a price on it. Actually, it's more common that they don't put prices on the properties because they want the market to determine it. And the reason they want the market to determine it is because it's all based on financials. It's not based on comparables. See, if we were buying a single family home or even a forplex, right, up to four units, we would be using the comparable approach to value the property. But because we're a commercial asset that uses the income approach to do the appraisal, let's look at the financials. And based on the financials, the market is going to tell me what it's worth. That's why they do that. And it's actually the it's the best method because we're going to look at the numbers and the numbers are going to dictate not hope and pray not hey I believe you know belief doesn't with all due respect it's not going to get you reality. You can believe but you got to you got to get to the real numbers. So u but that's why they do that. Cool. All right everybody. Hope this was helpful and it made sense. So, I just wanted to kind of walk through the different stages that people are in and hopefully kind of link them all together, right? And why you're following this road map the way you are and you know, Brian being in the market trip, some of you are just in the market selection process. Some of you are setting this stuff up coming through here and starting to build these relationships. But then it's a matter of when you get to this capital foundation side because you've done this business in a box up here. This is really do a mock deal. And if you just have the pitch deck sitting there for yourself and you've taken the time to do that and you've taken the time to set up the landing page for a mock deal, then sure, send it out to that database that you've put together in that business in a box section and you're just kind of doing a soft introduction. And you're not asking for anything other than, hey, can you can you take a peek at this? I would love your feedback. I would love your feedback on my new multifamily website. I would love your feedback on this pitch deck, on this sample deal. Would love your feedback. What are your thoughts on it? Just want your feedback. And they'll give it to you. And it's a great thing because they're going to start to see how professional you are. They're going to go like, "Dude, this is pretty cool. This is put together pretty well. You know, I don't care what they used to say about you now, but I care now, right? I mean, I see what I see what you're doing. This makes some sense. I I I'm going to build some trust now. I'm going to say, "Hey, if if you ever came to me with a deal, I may consider giving you some money or I may have some people that I know that may give you some money." But that's what the warmth soft commitment phase is about. And then you're writing offers, submitting LOIs, negotiations, writing offers, negotiation until boom, deal comes under contract. And then you're going right into the phase now where uh King is about to go into this phase eight nine. So awesome everybody. Why we'll let you roll and hope this was helpful. Let us know if you need anything. We are here and um otherwise have a great rest of your Thursday. You bet. Thanks everybody. Rock and roll. Bye.