Hello, hello, hello. Come on in. We're a couple minutes late here. How's everyone doing today? Chime on into the chat as everybody's coming on in. Great to see everyone. Good to see you, Bill. Ha, Christine, Christian, Dean, Jaden. Good to see you, sir. Uh, we got Joe in here, Mr. Kurt, Paula, Scott, Thomas, Twilight, good to see you, Twi. And then we got Victor in here as well. So, as we're seeing everybody come in, doing great. Uh, yeah. Happy Thursday. Happy Thursday. Uh, baseball season started yesterday. If anybody cares, some people do, some people don't. I'm a big Padres's fan. Baseball in general, but Padres's for sure. So, we'll see what happens. Did they even win? I didn't even get a chance to watch it. I was so busy. I was flying around. Um, if anybody knows, if you're in here from San Diego, did the Padres's win yesterday? I don't even know if they did. I can look it up. Look it up. Um, scores from yesterday. Stats San Diego stands. Oh, is it today? Yeah, they don't show anything. I guess maybe they play today. Um, they're probably lost to the lost to the Dodgers. Don't say that, Scott. Do not say that. these Dodgers, man, they're are kind of the big brother that we kind of have a problem with. Uh we're the little brother tries to beat them up, but doesn't always work that way. And the Dodgers spend a lot of more money. You know, they're they're the big brother. They're the big brother. We don't like them very much. I have a personal vengeance against the Dodgers, but it is what it is. You know, they're very good. They're very good. Uh doing well. Yes, we're going to call some brokers today. Um, regarding kind of the deal analyzer and stuff, uh, it's almost there. We keep running into some because there's some complicated formulas based on if and statements, right, regarding the waterfall for investors that we're updating for all of you. So that way depending on two things happening in that deal analyzer, um, if kind of a cumulative IRRa is met and the investor's gotten all their initial capital back, you know, they're out of the deal, right? That's the kind of the concept behind it. So that way if you do a refinance or anything like that, yours 2, three, four into the deal and you can provide an an IRRa, an annual return uh equal to a certain amount and give all the investors their money back, then the investors are out of the deal. And so, uh, modeling that, uh, is somewhat complicated and it's not typ it's it's a harder modeling. So, even the guys, my finance guys that are doing updating the analyzer, they're running into a couple issues there, too. But we're not uh Oh, you're you can't hear uh Julio, can you hear it? Can you guys hear audio? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, it's on there. Perfect. Um, so that we got that um that taken care of. And then um anyone else hear an echo? Should not have an echo. I don't think so. So that may be an audio thing on your end, uh, Chad. Um, but anyhow, we'll have it done. They're working on it here today. tweaking a couple of the formulas on the last hurdle. So that way um it will showcase and model it correctly um for payouts and stuff like that to the investors to to get the correct you know returns. So um they're finalizing it. They're almost there. I mean it's like they had it and then they didn't have it. So just so you know. So okay, uh let me go and share my screen because we're going to go ahead. Where do you guys want to go today? Where in the United States would you like to go? And we're going to call some brokers live in real time. So, in terms of kind of where we're at in this process, right? I mean, let's presume for a minute and many of you have done this. Um, did anybody kind of finish their landing pages and pitch decks or anything like that that they want to showcase on kind of a mock deal? Um, has anybody done that? I mean, I know some of you who have and you've sent those over and those are great. we're reviewing them. But in terms of kind of the road map and coming through this thing, you know, doing your onboarding, the business in a box side, selecting the markets, great. And then you get into the brokers and the deal flow where you're using Crexy, which is what we're going to use today. and not using Crexy to find deals as you know, but using Crexy to call the brokers and build broker relationships because right after that broker relationship is established on the phone, the next step is to establish it in person. Hence the reason for the market trip, right? And then you get into the capital foundation side of it which builds on the business in a box because here you're actually going through a mock deal. Setting up the pitch deck, setting up the summary video, setting up the landing page, sending it out to your database is kind of a a trial run to uh to do the deal. Okay. So that's why that process is so important. So that way when you actually get into the the point of doing offers and negotiations and then you're about to get a deal under contract, which some of you are real close to getting your deals under contract right now and you're getting this final push from the brokers where they're telling you, "Hey, you're in the best and final or hey, you're one of the last two the seller's considering accepting your offer. I need you to do a couple things for me. I need you to update me on your financing." like, do you have your financing lined up? How are you going to be bringing in the capital? How are you bringing in the loan? Who's your connections? Blah, blah, blah. To kind of fine-tune the financing and capital side so they can get comfortable you can close. The other one they may be doing is sending you over a request to kind of see your resume and your background, who you are, uh, have you done this before, do you have support? If you haven't done it, do you have people guiding you through it? Etc., etc., etc. Hence the reason the website, the landing pages, all this pre- stuff, your company, who you are, a little bit of social presence, all of that. Having us on board as a strategic partner with you, so that way you can have clout before you have clout. And we're working with several of you right now to make sure that the brokers see this and they understand that, yeah, you may, it may be your first rodeo into multifamily, but maybe you've done a little bit of real estate ahead of this, owned a few properties, done some rentals, whatever that may be. And so now they can go to your website and they can see, okay, you have a support system, you got an advisory board, you got a strategic partner in Justin and Bren and Poly Capital, you've done soft commitments with some of your investors in your investor portal, you've done the soft quote from the lender, so you have at least soft quote lending teed up and you can kind of start telling the picture, right? And you're focused in this space of 10 to 30 units. That's more mom and pop. You're not trying to go for a home run on your first deal. you're just trying to get the first one through onto the uh the resume and you're going to leverage our resume and our track record, meaning us as your strategic partner, to get through that hurdle. Um, does that make sense? Thumbs up in the chat if that makes sense. Because that's the whole point. I mean, you're going to get to this point where you're trying to lock up a deal and if you have not done the pre- stuff, you're going to run into a lot of resistance and then you're going to fall flat on your face because the broker's not going to trust that you can close the deal. So, they're not going to award you the deal. they're going to give it to the other guys and then you're going to be like, "Shit, I should have done all this stuff up front that Justin was telling me to do for the last two months and now I'm, you know, sitting there with my, you know, what in my hand." So, that's why this is really critical because this is going to allow the brokers and everybody to feel comfortable and the sellers and your investors and everybody that now I mean, you're ready to step into the rodeo and get a deal under contract. Well, can you close it? Right? Okay. And the reason you can close it is because you've done all this work up front. You kind of warmed it up. You got it in place and you've kind of done the practice session. You know, no different than the baseball guys. You've played in the preseason. We're ready for the regular season now. And that's a real deal. Okay. And that's why this is so critically important. Um, awesome. Good. So, that's kind of where some of you are at right now. And so, you're getting the request uh to fill out like a buyer's questionnaire. not uncommon uh where the broker will send you over a quick buyer questionnaire which is just hey a little bit about how are you getting your financing, how do you raise your equity, what have you done before, what's your resume and background, tell me your story so I can feel comfortable that if I award you this deal, you can close it, right? To the best of your ability, right? To the best of your ability. And that's what the buyer's information questionnaire is all about. And so that's why when you came in here and you set up the capital foundation, meaning soft quotes from the lenders in our system, presetting that up, doing the mock deal to warm up your investors. So now you have investors that you can go back out to because now that it's it's real deal Holyfield time, you can go back out to them with a real deal. And you've kind of warmed that up to start that process and you've kind of set all this stuff up. You got pitch decks, social proof, you're leveraging our um our relationships and everything we've done. We're now your strategic partner in the deal and you can leverage us and everything that we're doing to help get you through the finish line and that's why we do it. Okay, so that's critical um really important. Um, so on that topic real quick, has anybody actually does anybody want to share maybe a landing page they put together, the pitch deck on a deal they put together, aside from the ones that have already done it and we've shared it. Does anybody else have one that they'd like to share? Just curious. And if you don't, I want you to have it for next week. Have it for next week so that way we can showcase it. Um, it's really important you go through this exercise. It's the preseason even if you haven't done it yet. Okay. Um, Kelly, I see you on here. Do you want to um let's do this since we're on more of a webinar status. I don't know if it'll let you share your screen. Uh let me see if it'll let you do that. I don't think it will. Do you want to email it over to me real quick and then I can share it? we can pull it up and then from there um uh we'll uh get on to the brokers and call in the brokers. Yeah, let me know if you want to send that over real quick. Um got it. Pitch deck and then you can go to the landing page. Great. And then Kelly, have you happened to do a summary video at all yet? I'm just curious about that. And if you haven't, you should. You should. And you can do that for for next week. Little five to eight minute video. Nothing nothing sexy. It's just you really kind of going over the pitch deck and describing it. And that can go right onto your to your landing page. Um, but that'll be great because then now you got the pitch deck, you got the landing page, you have the summary video. Now you can put together a nice little email that can go out to your uh database of people you have in your CRM. is kind of a mock trial run and you're going to treat it as such. You know, I put together the email the last time we were on here a few times ago that it's real simple. You know, hey, you know, John, this is Justin, I have this deal. We're going to be closing it in 60 to 90 days. Um, reaching out to people that I know to see who you may know that may have some interest in this great opportunity. Here's the summary, the attached pitch deck in the landing page link. take a look at it and let me know who you may know. And that's pretty much goes out to the 30 people or so in your database. That's going to start the conversations. Okay, let me pull this up real quick and I'll share this. So, this is Kelly's mock deal. Beautiful. So, Sammon Peak Capital, love the name, by the way, and their landing page specific to the deal, which is Dixon Hall Deal, opportunity for 24 units in historic Midtown Cleveland. Want to learn more? If you click on this, it's going to open up right to the pitch deck. You can also set this up, as you know, Kelly, to be a popup. So, we I think we showed that on the last video on how to set uh the popups in the back end and how to do that so you get people's information. But, this is fine. and it can load straight to the uh the pitch deck as well. But if you want to capture people's info, they would go to the popup first and then that button would launch to the pitch deck. But yeah, a little information about the historicals on it. Talk with us would launch right to their calendar, which is about to do, and they could set up a call. Summary video is going to go right here when she has that next week. highlights on the deal, the investment opportunity, capital they're raising, the timeline for the deal, the holding period, the financial information, minimum investment, and so forth. Photos on it, little aerial, which is great. Awesome job. Return structure and how they're setting that up. Getting started here. Set the deal. So, now we can go ahead and we'll go and click and watch the pitch or open up the pitch deck. And here's the pitch deck. Super professional. Looks great. showing the apartments. Quick table of contents about the property now executive summary. It's breaking it all down. Great opportunity for arbitrage, economics, etc. This is a breaking down some basic financials of the different capital stack the offering use sources and uses all that property metrics, purchase price of the property, improvements, title and closing, loan amount, total equity they're raising, some other metrics in here that breaks it down, and then you get into the offering itself, the capital stack. Um, here you may want to change this. I think it's a $25,000 minimum. So, you're going to change that to 25,000 because that's the minimum investment. $25,000. This that's what this is for. $25,000 minimum investment. And then it gets into the equity multiple investor IRRs, uh, preferred return, all that stuff, which is great. And then if they want to know kind of how the debt and equity and everything is stacking up, that's all here. Here's an investment sample. If I give you 100 grand, this is what it looks like for my cash flows. And then my topline returns. Oh, I see what you did here. Got it. Got it. Okay. Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. I see what you did. Take that back. You did it for um so uh normally, just so you know, Kelly, you just have one of these, right? Not one per investment because I see what you did. You did one for a $100,000 investor and then you did one for a $25,000 investor. I see what you did here. Um, so yeah, you would normally just have one of these, right? And then one of these uh for each investor type, $25,000 investment check and $100,000. But you'd only have one of these, which says, "Hey, minimum investment 25K. Here's what projected returns are." Because it'll be the same returns whether you're 25 or 100, give or take. Um, so that way you can just have one of these, but that's the minimum investment for folks and then the offering itself. Very cool. Investor benefits timeline. Let me get into some aerial photos, interior photos, exterior photos, property location. This is great. Then you get into the overall market, the Ohio market, Cleveland, Ohio. And all this data and information and demographics comes from two places. either the broker's OM that you have or our AI, our mentor AI, which you can put together a lot of these graphics and everything just by asking it the market data inside our mentor AI. Yeah. And then you can pull a lot of the stuff offline too. Major employers, which is great. This is just highle market stuff for folks and maybe investors and people that don't know about Cleveland and Ohio that well. So, this kind of breaks that down. Unit comparables of like these are comps like rental comps, right? To verify your projections. That's what this is doing. And then you get into the property financials. You just took the screenshot. Great. Property financials. And then what you as a investor, what it looks like from a high level. And then how to invest. Nice little thing right here at the end. You can access the website. You can schedule a phone call. That's going to probably launch straight to this. Perfect. And that way, if you came down here to the end, same thing there. How to invest. Oops. So, they can schedule a phone call, they can go straight to the website, they can send a quick email, all of that stuff, right in the team. Look at those folks. Look at those folks. Yeah, you can obviously leverage us. That's the whole point. So, great job. Then you get your legal and accounting team, property managers and construction team, all the folks in here. He's in there, all of it. So, that's great. There you go. Rock and roll. Beautiful job. That is what it is all about right there. So, yeah, now you got the landing page, the pitch deck. You've gone through the exercise. You've already gone through preseason, you're ready for opening day. And then the last thing will be a summary video. That'll go right there on the landing page. So now you can take that link, right? This link that you just gave me. This link right here. You can take it. And you do have that popup, by the way. So that's there. you just want to uh if you go into the video the back end that we did where we edited all this um you'll see that and you can you can remove that too because this is off of your landing page. Um but yeah, you have this link you can just copy this onto a notes on your phone and that way if you're running into anybody, this is the link that's going to go on an email that's going to go out to your database. Um, and that way anybody can come right to your landing page specific to the deal and they can set up a call with you. They can download the pitch deck here. They can get all the information they need about the deal uh right from that email. They can just click the link and they can have the pitch deck. So, you want the PDF attached in that email as well with the link and a little summary and a bullet point of the terms of the deal. And you know, typically, as you know, with those emails, you're not asking them. You're sending it out to these 20, 30 people in your database and you're letting them know, hey, closing on this deal in the next 60 days or 90 days or whatever it is. Um, here's some summary points on the deal. Who do you know? Who do you know that may be interested in this great opportunity? Here's the benefits. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And send it out. And then the replies will come. Yeah, this looks great, man. I know John or Joanne. I'll send it off to him. This is great. Okay, thanks so much. And then little time will go by. You can do a quick little followup. Uh, hey, did you get a chance to take a look at it or shoot it off to your friend? Yes, I did. I'm curious, actually, Kelly, why didn't you ask me? Well, I didn't want to impose upon you our friendship. I just didn't know, but I maybe you know some folks that are interested in this type of investing, but I didn't want to impose upon our friendship. Okay, great. Appreciate that. Yeah, it looks like I may have some interest. It's 25,000 minimum to get involved. Yeah, I mean, it looks like a great little deal. Tell me a little bit about it. Okay, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. And that's how the relationship starts. And you didn't ask them for money. Nobody wants to be sold. Everybody wants to be invited. Nobody wants to be sold. Everybody wants to be invited into the party, right? And everybody knows real estate wins. Everybody knows real estate makes millionaires. That is not the problem. It's just do I like the deal? And then Kelly, do I trust you? Him, do I trust you guys? If I give you some money, am I going to get it back? I mean, that's my, you know, my my hope. That's my hope and that's the whole purpose of this exercise. So, hope that makes sense. Uh, perfect. All right, let's go ahead and Where'd you guys say you wanted to go? Then I'll get on Crexy and we'll start calling some brokers. We can go to Do we want to do Arizona? Do we want to do Texas? Do we want to do the upper Midwest? We got Florida, the East Coast. Where do we want to go today? Charlotte, North Carolina would be nice. Okay, we'll be in Charlotte on Monday and Tuesday. I should say Sunday evening, Monday and Tuesday. So, we can go there possibly. Uh, any other suggestions? Uh, oh, you know what? This will actually be good. Let's do Charlotte and then let's see if uh I can get them to come to our event. This will be fun. Um let's try this. This will be interesting. Um let's do Charlotte, North Carolina. Okay, let me go ahead and filter it up a little bit here. 10. Couple of these deals have been on here for a while. I'm seeing them. Uh, this one's newer. Okay, that's 16 units. All right, let's call on this one. I'll share it in just a second. Yeah, this one's newer on market. Um, I like it. 16 unit. Um, let me share it then. Let's make some calls. Stand by. Perfect. All right, we got Zachary down here. Let's view his phone number. 615 little 16 unit class C year renovated 2025. Yeah, looks pretty nice. Built originally 1969. Two buildings. zoning. Very cool. Um, let's call Zachary. See if he picks up. 971553. What's that? Hey, Zach. Uh, my name's Justin. I'm with Brennan Pulley Capital. I was actually calling you on your 16 unit there in Cedarhurst on Cedarhurst Drive. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Looks like Did that just come on the market a few days ago? It looks like. &gt;&gt; Uh, yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Pretty cool property. So, that was built in 1969, but then look, I mean, looks like a nice Rena recently. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they they bought it barely over a year ago, so everything was done in 25. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. Did they take that thing down to the studs or was it just um exterior stuff? Do you know? &gt;&gt; Uh so some of them have been down to studs, some of them not, but for the most part, no. Um actually the the vacancy right now is actually still down to studs. I don't know why they didn't finish it, but &gt;&gt; Okay, got it. And is it uh Yeah. So it looks like about 94% occupied currently. &gt;&gt; Yeah, because of that one vacant. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. Yeah, I was just going through the pitch or the OM and stuff you put together. Uh, &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah, I think we're are we going to be meeting with you on next week? Is that right? &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. I wasn't sure. I think I I recognized your name because we were chatting about it and I know you have a handful of properties and kind of this 10 to 30 unit or under 50 unit size stuff. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, so yeah. Where are you taking us next week? &gt;&gt; Cool. Talked about the one in Cotswwell. I've got those deals. um off of kind of Julia, Carmine, and Alma that have a lot of vacancy. Um so we'll probably definitely through those and then I know Kevin was talking about just maybe two different properties. So that that would kind of round that out pretty well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that should be fine. &gt;&gt; Good location and then a terrible location. &gt;&gt; Well, we we we like we like terrible locations. We need to show everybody, you know, what rough can look like, you know, &gt;&gt; right next to a men's shelter. So, you got &gt;&gt; good. Good. I mean, do we do do we do we need shotguns or any kind of, you know, bars on the windows or anything kind of fun like that? &gt;&gt; It's uh it's actually like genuinely it doesn't look good driving through. It's not that bad over there. It's just the fact that um it's fine. I call it the the holy trifecta. There's nothing holy about it, but uh they got a they got a men shelter, a bus stop, and a liquor store right next to each other. Those are the perfect ones I look for. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh so yeah, I guess what's the story on this one? I mean the the sellers did they was this I guess how long have they owned it? &gt;&gt; Okay. They bought they bought it. It was actually, funny enough, it it got listed on the MLS by a residential broker um in 24 like late in the year and they listed it way too cheap and people started dropping their nuts on the table to buy it and these guys actually beat the offer that I put it on. Um and then they got done with their plans and said, "Hey, can you sell it for me?" &gt;&gt; Got it. I mean, they've done it. So, they just basically did a flip on a 16 unit is what they did. Okay. Yeah. I mean it's um who do you think I mean I mean is the the buyer is probably going to be a high net worth single individual that you meaning not a partnership I'm guessing just because &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; yeah a lot of these get done with more local business owner um you know want to own in the area kind of clip a coupon uh I think we're a little aggressive on price I don't think there's any high in that one I mean we're a six cap right for a, you know, C area's a little aggressive. Uh &gt;&gt; yeah, but I mean you can I mean if you get a you know you get like you said that that high net worth individual doctor, attorney, whoever it may be that wants a nice little 16 unit to park money and avoid taxes and clip a little coupon and you have a totally renovated building where most of the value at is you call it done, but um and they can just sit there and have a nice asset that they can collect some cash flow on and put a nice down payment on. &gt;&gt; Yep. Exactly. Okay. &gt;&gt; Um, so that's that's sort of the the story on this one. There's definitely not much more juice to squeeze out of it. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, it's a nice property. Anything else kind of coming up that you may be working on that um you maybe have some bovs out on with some sellers. &gt;&gt; Um, couple of smaller one. I do a lot of the small products. I got a 12 unit coming out in in the outskirt of Charlotte. So that's in Stanley. Uh, we'll bring that out at 15. Um, that one's, you know, there's there's some value add. They could also just kind of sit there and clip a coupon. Same story. You could renovate further. They haven't done entirely too much, but um, push rents a little bit more for the market. And then I've got a smaller six unit that I actually thought about buying. I still want to park my personal cash into it. Um, out in Morrisville that will be coming online pretty soon. &gt;&gt; Is that is that small? I mean, does it have enough in it to kind of syndicate something like that where you wouldn't have all your cash in it or is it not big enough? &gt;&gt; 68 cap guidance. Um, so it's a pretty good just not if you just want truly partial cash, that's there. Uh, and then I've got a little bit a little bit closer to chest, but I've got uh kind of class A cost way too much, but kind of truly the trophy asset in South Park in Charlotte. &gt;&gt; So, that's that's a new that's a newer product. It's a &gt;&gt; 2012 build. Um, small 8 unit town home. Uh, pretty much never going to get redeveloped and it's a it's a nice one out there. &gt;&gt; Got it. What uh what lenders do you because we were out there not too long ago. What lenders do you recommend locally there? Like some &gt;&gt; funny enough, I just sent out like three introductions with Kevin last night. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, I'll get with him then. Yeah, on that. &gt;&gt; I think he I think he literally just emailed me, but um the there's a few. So, depending on the deal size, um there's one bank that I have recently liked going to a lot, First National. Um, so the guys at FNB, their small business lending team, um, they get pretty aggressive on multif family, but you can't have an exposure with them over a million and a half or you go into the commercial lending. So for the small deals, don't just under the borrower and they don't even care about the asset that much, which is nice to get permanent debt on a value ad deal if you're, you know, doing a $7 million purchase. &gt;&gt; Got it. But wouldn't we wouldn't you prefer they they look at the deal's financials? &gt;&gt; Um kind of. Well, if you're getting value ad, you don't have to do bridge. That's that's nicer if you don't go off your own personal balance sheet. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; You know, you do value add debt at 6%. That's nice. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Seriously. Versus a 9 or 12, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then we've got a credit union. They're picky on who their actual borrowers are. um you have to live inside the state for them to borrow. Uh but they get pretty aggressive on multif family. And then if there's stabilized product, um I like US Bank. I got a pretty good connection there. He's kind of growing their Carolina's division. Yep. &gt;&gt; And then I think US Bank has a pretty good private pre presence out in California, too, I believe. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I was just kind of curious who a lot of your clients may be using for the the fin &gt;&gt; for the local guys and then for the truly smaller deals u say sub 10 unit some of the local DSCR lenders get really aggressive but they won't do anything over 10 units it's a very arbitrary line &gt;&gt; got it okay yeah I mean because mo most mo most of the folks Yeah most of the folks in our community you know we're at 10 to 30 unit type deals and you know let's call it 3 million 3.2 million and under uh on on the price point so up to around 100,000 a doorish um &gt;&gt; and um there's one broker that has a very interesting product uh based out of South Carolina. It's just he's just tied in with a debt fund, but um they're running a pilot program with essentially the debt fund raised a billion dollars to compete with agency debt. They can close a deal really quickly. They're doing a ton of refinances. Uh but it's better for more permanent hold. It's more expensive up front, so they charge two points up front. But I'm not sure in the past week how much rates have changed, but he was quoting in the high fives uh as of a couple of weeks ago. &gt;&gt; I know this like seven and 10 year debt. &gt;&gt; They do think it's a sevenyear um and it's interest only full term. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, I mean it helps yield especially if you're planning to hold. It's helped a lot on refinances. There's no yield maintenance. Um, so you're strictly at DSCR and then they do similar product on bridge and then it'll convert over to PERM as soon as you hit 85%. &gt;&gt; Wow. So, so they'll come into the deal. They'll do your brid they'll be your call it your bridge meaning your acquisition and your renovation, you know, loan. &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; and um then they'll go they'll roll right into a permanent once you hit 85% occupancy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And no no fees no fees on rollover. As soon as you hit 85% occupancy, I mean assuming you're taking your DSCR2, &gt;&gt; right? Of course. Are they are they nationwide or just North Carolina or &gt;&gt; he he handles the Southeast, but I've heard I've heard rumors of another bank in California do the same thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll uh we'll get that info from you. That's a pretty good lender setup if if that works that way. That's nice for anyone uh to kind of have that especially on some of these value ad deals where you maybe got a couple hundred grand in renovation you want to do um and you have to improve the financials because it's been poorly operated and you can come in and acquire it and then do the improvements and then like you said a year later your new rents stabilized you know operating well and you can roll right into a permanent financing with them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I like I like that a lot. I mean, I've I've only introduced that guy to I just met him like a month ago. I've introduced him to two people. Both of them are doing loans with him right now because I mean, it's good product. More expensive up front. Like two points is expensive. That's how they're getting their yield higher. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. But but that's fine. I mean, and it makes sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And they're charging what nine nine 10% or so on their on their interest only uh Renault financing. &gt;&gt; It's a little bit cheaper than that actually. Um, as of today, it's probably a little bit higher. I think you were saying seven when they're going in on bridge somewhere around there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, if you're doing se seven 8% with two points up front, I mean, it it ends up being the n &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's nine 10% anyways, but that's fine. Um, &gt;&gt; and so, uh, that's cool. That's a nice product. And then uh and I guess we'll chat about this on Monday, Tuesday, but property managers for the Charlotte area that would kind of handle this smaller product under 30 units. I mean, are there decent ones? I mean, I know you don't like to recommend them all the time, but are there decent ones? &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a handful I like. Um I shot an intro last night with Kevin with Brian Simpson. I like him a lot. Uh he gets pretty aggressive on multif family. He's mainly he mainly and just singles, which what I've found is anybody that specializes in multif family sucks. So, it's a lot you you get better terms and better service with people that want to get into multif family. Um, so Brian is a good manager. He manages for two of my top clients. Um, gets pretty aggressive on fees that he charges, so he gets pretty cheap just to make his life easier. Um, so he'll, you know, he'll charge six or seven% depending on deal size and then low fees on everything else. And &gt;&gt; another one, PMI, they're good, they're good group here. I've got an introduction out with them. Um, similar story traditionally managed like single family portfolios. Um, now I'm trying to get more into multif family and that's the guys like we've got some quoteunquote multif family shops. They don't care as much about the small deals as the more local property managers do. &gt;&gt; When you say smaller deals, what is it? Is it kind of under 50 units you'd consider smallest? &gt;&gt; I'd say &gt;&gt; um and then I've got depending on outskirts. Um I got a client property manager Brad Hatfield. He's based out of Morington. Um really good guy. He owns about 100 units personally. Um, so I like when he's the manager because he actually, you know, understands ownership, not just management. &gt;&gt; Um, so yeah, there's a there's a handful just kind of building out that team here. Uh, &gt;&gt; kind of plays out works out pretty well. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah, I don't want to take too much of your time. This property is cool. So, well, we probably chatted about it a little bit um you know, when we're in town, but um yeah, I didn't know when I was calling you that you we were meeting with you, but that all put together beautifully. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. And um just depending on depending on what y'all are looking for, there's definitely some other deals I put in front of you. Uh some a little bit larger. Uh so, I've got like a couple of I wouldn't call them scattershot, but spread out portfolios. Um, &gt;&gt; one being out towards Morgan and one of them inside the city of Charlotte, relatively close to um the nice area of what we'll be able to check out. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Uh, so I've got a got 124 unit portfolio there. Largest deal being 60 units and a bunch of smalls. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Well, yeah. And if you want to ride inside our limo bus, we have a dancing pole for you. Listen, you got to show your skills, buddy. &gt;&gt; It's all good. Uh, all right, man. I appreciate your time and looking forward to meeting you. &gt;&gt; That works. I appreciate it. &gt;&gt; You bet. Bye. &gt;&gt; Oops. That was funny. Uh, all right. I want to hear feedback on that. Uh, does anybody want to chat real quick? We have a few minutes left. I did not know that he's he's one of the brokers we're meeting on um on Monday and Tuesday because he's got a handful of properties in the area um that we're going to be touring. All right. So, that was really funny. But yeah, does anybody want to uh have questions as to kind of what you heard? I mean, from what you kind of saw, you can see how I led into that conversation. Very casual, leveraging his deal immediately to say, "Hey, I'm calling on such and such property." And you guys have seen me do this before. Um, just get an update, some deal info on it. Tell me a little bit about it. They'll be happy too. And from there, you can lead in. I asked them, "Hey, do you have any other ones that are you're working on doing BOVs?" Those are broker opinions of value. A BOV, broker opinion of value. That is what the broker will provide to somebody like me and you to say, "Hey, this is what I think I can get you on your 16 unit property based on all the math and the data and the information." Um, and then that'll go out and if they like it, then they sign you up and you become the listing broker. In his case, he did. Um, but that's, you know, that's how that conversation leads in. And then, yeah, I'm working on a few other ones that blah blah blah. You're just kind of building that relationship. And then especially in the beginning as you're kind of coming through that that process and then I would be letting them know, you know, hey, um, in our case, we're going out there, but uh, if I knew I was going to be traveling out there in a couple weeks, I'd be saying, you know, Zach, I'm going to be out there on such and such dates. I'd love to take a look at a couple properties or, you know, meet you for coffee real quick and set that up. Uh, because that face to face is so powerful, especially when you're out of area, right? you heard from what he was saying most of the time is they value the local people, right? And that's that's not uncommon. It goes across the board. And that's cuz people love doing business with people they like and people they trust and people they know. And so granted, you're not going to be a local if you're not from North Carolina. But if you get in there and have coffee, then he gets to know you personally a bit, eyeball to eyeball, then now it goes from, hey, you're just somebody on the phone or somebody on a Zoom call to, hey, I got to like shake hands and, you know, have some coffee. So, that's really important as part of this process when you're building that broker relationship because you only need three or four of those in a market to get enough good deal flow that's coming through to then be able to analyze these deals and get more pre-market stuff, not stuff that's sitting here on Craigslist, which he was very clear about this one. This property has been totally turnkeyed. I wish you could have picked it up because then based on what these guys did, they flipped it. So, you could have done a flip if you syndicated the deal. You could have come in, right, with a group of people, flipped it, and I could go through the history and they're trying to sell it for 2750. I mean, who knows? Maybe they bought it for a million, million, two, million, three, I'm guessing, maybe a little bit. Who knows? And then they put, you know, a decent amount of money into this thing. You could see, I mean, they probably have at least 20,000 a unit into this thing between the roof and the siding and the windows, the interiors. I mean, he's got to have at least a half million bucks into this thing be my guess. Um, maybe less than that. If you had 16 times, let's do 20,000 bucks. Yeah, they'd probably put between 3 to 400 grand into this property. be willing to bet you somewhere right in that pocket. Somewhere right in that pocket. Um yeah, so any last kind of questions and stuff before we finish up, but I wanted to definitely see that and have you kind of experienced that call. Um any specific things that came up in that call that you liked or that you still have questions on, you know, that are kind of like, hey, you know, that that's how you do it. And we have plenty of videos and stuff on it that kind of showcase how you're calling the brokers. Uh, does anybody know uh Zach? Have you called Zach before? Just curious if any of you have. Justin, good to see you on here by the way. Um, see Sahara, good to see you. Julio, good to see you. Joe, same thing. Jaden, Goofron, awesome. Don, good to see you, sir. Yeah, he was very knowledgeable. Uh, sharp guy. I mean, some you'll meet like that and he knows what he's doing. and other ones you'll talk to and you know, not the sharpest tools in the shed, but it is what it is. Um, next to your favorite liquor store. Yes, you definitely want to have all your properties right next to a smoke shop, 247 convenience store, and liquor store. That'll ensure you get great tenant base and no problems and no crime. Um but yeah, we'll talk about it when he's um when he's with us this next week and kind of get a lay of the land. And um you can kind of see how I kind of rolled into talking about lenders. Then I rolled into talking about some of the property managers and I um you notice how I didn't ask him, hey, are there any ones you recommend? I said, hey, are there any property managers or other clients are using? And I know you may not want to recommend them, but you have maybe a list of a few, right? You see, because most brokers hate recommending property managers because they'll burn them, right? Meaning the property managers will not do a great job and then it makes the broker look bad because they recommended them. So that's why he's he was tactful. But he said, "Yeah, there's a few that people use XYZ." And then the lender side of it, that was great info. So, local credit unions, couple local banks, um, and then no different than HBH Capital in the back end of our system or MBP or any of those guys. But, uh, Hannah and their group, it sounds like they have a real good inlet with a lot of local smaller banks that focus on these smaller properties because that's key, right? because it is going to be and even the debt fund that he talked about that we're going to get access to and we'll put those guys in our back end because especially if they're doing stuff maybe it's regionally but southeast or even maybe a west coast setup with that debt fund uh which is just basically a big pool of money from investing people that they'll go out and they'll finance these smaller deals like this allow you to acquire the property do the value ad meaning put the renovations into the loan and then they'll will refinance you, you know, year two or year three into the deal when you're stabilized and they'll put you into permanent debt and they'll actually do the whole gamut with you. That's pretty good setup. That's pretty good setup. Yeah, that's a bridge to perm. Uh very not not uncommon to see that. But that has to probably come through a debt fund, which is what he said, versus a bank because a bank wants more stabilized, meaning they may or may not want to do the rena. They may just want to have you buy the asset and then you pay for the rental with your own money, meaning the equity versus a bridge debt product, which is nice. I mean, they can get you good leverage. Interest rates are fair. You build it into the deal. I mean, bridge works. Um, you just want to make sure you don't overlever the property so you have a nice exit. The key to bridge working correctly is you you're buying it with probably 65 to 70% leverage total total uh including your rena dollars and everything. So that way it's much easier to refinance that money out come a year or two years from now and not get into a problem where you got to bring more money in. Right? That's what you don't want. So you want to just be tactful when you're underwriting those deals on the bridge side. Um, beautiful. Okay. Well, yeah, I hope that was helpful. And then, um, once again, hopefully we'll, you know, I'm pushing on these guys to get this analyzer completed here today. Um, we we were right there and then they um, they stop they started they ran they were running scenarios on it, right, and tweaking all the numbers and running and they they broke it basically. And so, they have to fix a couple of the formulas so it doesn't break. So that way when we give it to you, it doesn't uh you have a bunch of problems and then you're emailing us left and right. So um but we will get it done. It's right there. Uh any last questions before we finish up for the day? So I would love to see three of you uh have the same thing you saw today, landing page done for a deal, pitch deck done for a deal, and if you want to put together your summary video, that would be incredible. That'd be incredible if you want to put that together because that's a really critical piece to the puzzle and building that capital foundation as part of your roadmap in addition to all the other things you've already set up to get to where you're at because that's going to allow this deal flow to happen easier and going to give the confidence to the brokers and the lenders and your investors that hey like you're in it. You're in it to win it and it's not just a hobby for you. And I can trust that, you know, if we do business together, you're going to do everything you can to to close and make it happen, even if it's your first time. And that's okay. That's okay. Awesome, everybody. Well, have a great rest of your Thursday. If you need anything, let us know. But I hope this was helpful to kind of see some other live calls with the brokers. Um, and then we'll be bringing on I think I have uh our CPA. I'm talking to Matt right now and a couple others that are in our community to come in for a live call like this for t uh not Tuesday but the following Thursday and kind of present the stuff to you as well. Uh coming on the calls for the following week. Cool. Everybody signing off. We'll chat soon.