Hello, hello, hello. See is everybody's coming on in here. Happy Thursday. Good to see you, Chad. Haim, Dean, Don, Anok, good to see you, Joe. Both Joe's John Paula, Twilight, great to see you all. Happy Thursday. I have recovered from my Patriots losing the Super Bowl in a horrific fashion, but that's okay. We will be back. Yeah, that was that just not that did not go well. Did not go well. So, if you're a Seahawk fan, congratulations. Well earned. That was a fabulous ass whooping. Uh full throttle. full throttle. Um, yeah, just uh chatting some wins I guess for the week so far. Um, I'd love to know like any wins with brokers, talking to brokers, analyzing deals, uh, sending out LOIs. Talk a little bit about that. Put that in the chat. Would love to hear about that. Um, no, Brady. Yeah, you know, they're going to figure that out. Um, you know, watching that game, you both defenses played amazing, Seattle and and the Patriots. I mean, the game was 12-0 going into the fourth quarter or the end of the third. Um, and then it got out of hand from the two turnovers that uh that uh Drake May had, the fumble and then the interception return and then it got out of hand. But it was a great, you know, defensive battle up until then for both teams. I mean, both defenses did incredible and stopped both teams. So, it was kind of boring. I mean, if you don't like defense, it's a boring game. I love defense, so it was a great game. Um, but yeah, you could see the the challenges that the Patriots have. Um, they need an Edelman like they had before, that little scatback kind of X receiver in the in the slot that is very agile, quick, and nimble. That way they can do quick drop passes like, you know, Brady used to do to avoid the rush that comes from the teams and and that way you make the teams pay, right? If you would have made Seattle pay once or twice for their for their defense, they would have stopped it real quick, but they never did. So, and then they you got to have a good tight end. I mean, Hunter Henry's good, but they need a a more prominent tight end. If they fix those two things, I think they'll be just fine. We'll see how it happens. But that's enough of that. starting to see brokers send over offmarket deals. Great, Kelly. Love to see that. Uh, chat a little bit about that and and walk through for everybody else in here that is uh, you know, talking to the brokers, connecting, making relationships. I'm going to bring you on real quick, Kelly. Um, love for you to chat a little bit about that because I think that's a critical component, right, to um, to going from just doing um, start recording. Yes, we want to record that. It's recording. Hold on one second. There we go. Um, it should be recording this. Why is it not recording this? Are you there, Kelly? &gt;&gt; I am. &gt;&gt; Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; I can hear you now. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah. No. Um, you know, it was actually um one of the brokers we met when we were out in Cleveland and I had a connection with her before, but we went and looked at one of her properties while we were out there. So, um, she sent me over a a potential that was not a potential. It was like a million. I was a million below to make any of the numbers work. So, um, you know, &gt;&gt; but that's okay. It was great to, you know, just by connecting and communicating and kind of staying in touch. Um, you know, starting to see those those pocket, you know, opportunities uh come our way as I &gt;&gt; Right. Yeah. So to lean in on that as I was chatting with Paula yesterday and you know Paula was saying like every deal I'm analyzing like I'm coming in you know hundreds of thousands of dollars below what they want and my response is you know yeah I'm not surprised by that. Um Ke good to see you in here sir. Um, but you know, you're leveraging that, right? And you're leveraging it to build the relationship because the one thing that's great is if the broker knows you know how to underwrite deals and because that builds respect and then it's, hey, you know, listen, we're looking for these types of deals. This is our buy box for what we're looking for. And that is, you know, ideally 10 to 30 unit deals that I can purchase between 50,000 a unit to 150,000 a unit. and um returns kind of in the middle upper teens 15 to 18% a year on the IRRa, you know, with a cash on cash return, you know, 6 to 10%. And we just back into the numbers based upon the financials that we get from you. And I'm happy to share those, happy to go over them with you. Uh, oddly enough, you know, and this is like a little bit mind-boggling to me, even brokers, the good ones, you know, but as you know, you get a mixed bag, right? You get some brokers that are pretty savvy and then you get other brokers you're like, like, did you just come out of a hole? Like, where did you come from? Like, how are you even in the business? Right? Um, but a lot of them don't know how to underwrite properties. It's pretty wild. Um, that that I haven't figured out yet because it like that's what you do for a living. And if you don't know how to underwrite properties, how do you advise your client, right? How do you advise your client correctly as to what the market's doing versus what your property's worth? Um, does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, absolutely. and and I know that um you know she'll put in all these numbers and and I'm like okay even the numbers you're giving me like the DCR is like 08 like okay great I'm I can't get I I'm not a cash buyer like I'm syndicating and you know I'm gonna get a loan on this so &gt;&gt; here's where I'm at and so but you know again I think there's a good understanding also of that um and so you know hopefully she'll continue to send me Yeah. And it's just that relationship side of it and you know and you know I'd have them in your in your phone you know the four or five brokers that you've built some relationships with and you know chiming in with them even if it's a quick hey what's up it's you know Kelly from such and such capital group just ch you know checking in with you on some you know uh uh apartment deals you may have coming up. Uh it just keeps you in the loop and you know Michael was doing that and is doing that quite well. Uh, and so that you you get that deal flow. It's just staying top of mind. It's like anything. The fortune is always in the followup &gt;&gt; in anything you do in life. You know, fortune is in the followup. Um, and you you've you've heard the saying, you know, closed mouths don't get fed. That's like one of my favorite ones. like anytime I'm ever in a a situation where I'm questioning whether I should pick up the phone and call somebody to do a follow-up. And if I ever get to the point where I'm like, I don't know if I should, I tell myself, Justin, closed mouths don't get fed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Closed mouths don't get fed. And so if you want something in life, pick up the phone and dial it for dollars. Like there's no way around it, you know, and it goes back to the same thing is, you know, the more hands you shake, the more money you make. Um, and there's all ways to do it in a in a calm, professional way where you're not annoying. Uh, and it's just doing little quick dropins with folks to build that rapport and relationship to let them know you're serious. Hence the reason why we set up all that pre- stuff that you've done. Um, what is your uh website address again? &gt;&gt; Mine salmon peak capital.com. &gt;&gt; What is that again? &gt;&gt; Salmon peak capital, &gt;&gt; right? Like PK or P A K? &gt;&gt; P A. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; like peak of the mountain. &gt;&gt; Got it. Yeah, this one here. Oh, I like how you went with like the salmon colors, too. Look at this. That's good. Hold on one second. Let me show everybody. Uh, so yeah, this goes back to the website side of things for everybody, you know, and and also leading back into um, you know, if you're trying to avoid the I don't have a resume, uh, I haven't done this before, I don't have a track record, um, don't have any money, uh, don't have liquidity factor for the loan. I mean, the list can keep going as to like all the the the negative stuff. You know, you haven't done this before, all of that, right? Which I had the same things when I got started up until the point we got our first apartment deal, as many of you know the story. Uh I had done up to a forplex at that point and then we went from four properties to a 27 unit. So, but we didn't have a long track record. But what I did make sure is that we had our website set up and we looked bigger than we were before we were big, right? We looked the part, acted the part, you know, before we were there. And so hence the reason why we set all of you up with this back office stuff. So that way you have your logo, you got your website, a little story about you, you look like you're legitimate, you have your advisory board. I mean, who has an advisory board? You haven't even done a multif family deal yet, but you see the point, right? You got your strategic partner. I mean, you can you get the point of why you do this stuff. So that way any brokers, any lenders, any investors, anybody that's looking to do business with you, they're going to look you up and you can send them your website and they're going to be like, "Yeah, you know, I mean, it it helps, right? It helps get across that." And then you get into the uh has anybody done their uh personal financial statements yet? Chime in in the chat if you've completed your personal financial statement yet? &gt;&gt; I'll put this up real quick. Okay. Um I'm going to unshare this. And what I mean by that, so if you go into the back end of your downloads for all of you in that downloads is a P uh PFS, a personal financial statement. Okay? And I was chatting about this yesterday with Paula because this gets into let's talk about the financing and lending side of it and what lenders want to see like to see all that stuff. So what they like to see is um usually a one one and there's ways around this by the way one on your net worth versus the loan amount. This is another reason why we keep everybody reasonable and smaller on your first couple deals. So you're not going out there getting a $5 million loan because then you'd have to show $5 million in net worth. I didn't have that. The first loan I got was a million771. Million771 and I didn't even have that net worth, but we had my partner. So between me and him, he was the key principal. He signed on the loan with us. And because of our combination, right, anybody that signs on this thing, uh, we did have that, right, in terms of a net worth. And keep in mind the net worth, the financial statement, it is what you put on it, right? Obviously, you're not going to go on there and be fraudulent, but you know, you can maneuver things because it's a piece of paper. Once again, you can't be fraudulent, but you can be reasonable. And it's understanding that that's what they're you're going to send that financial statement over to them. They'll review it. Um, they're also going to, you know, double check some liquidity. So, you may not have to have all the liquidity, but they're going to want to see some liquidity in there. And it's a combination of liquidity. And liquidity comes in many forms. So, that's not necessarily, you know, cash in a bank account. that could be liquid other assets, 401ks, stock stuff, all these other things that can equal 10% of the loan amount. So, if you're getting a million-doll loan, they would want to see some way, shape, or form in a combination of people signing the loan, 10% of that loan amount in some form of liquidity. 401k, you know, stock stuff, uh, direct cash account, crypto, I mean, you name it, right? gold sitting in your whatever. Uh it comes in many fashions and forms. There's always a workaround for that. And so that's why we also help out with KPs, key principles, and getting in there. If that's ever needed, we can talk through that, right? And we can work through that. Uh it's very, very important. Um so that's kind of the financing arm of it. But part of the the resume side, just so you understand the resume side of what the lender is going to look at, that's why we do the websites. That's why we set up all your administerial back office. That's why we make you look good before you're going and chasing deals, right? That's why we come in here and put in place in this roadmap process with you. And that's why it's so critical in the beginning that you know this business in a box side of it gets put in place. And that's why we set up the capital foundation stuff in in advance of you actually going in and getting deals under contract. That's why we do the market trip if you're going out of state. It's not in your backyard. So that way you have the team in place, right? You have the brokers, you have the property managers, you have the local lenders, you have renovation construction crews. you can talk about the market with some level of intelligence. So that way the lenders, the brokers, the investors, everybody who's going to play in the game with you thinks, okay, like you've done a little bit of your homework. You've spent some time in here. We can respect that you've driven neighborhoods. We can respect that you've made relationships. You've taken the time to meet with us, to talk with us, to build the relationships. You've already talked with a few lenders to help with the financing side. you've already had some property managers that may manage your properties. You've got them in the works. So, you have a little mini team set up. This way, you're not catching your tail when you actually get to the point where you get a deal or to the point right here at number seven when you're writing offers and going into negotiations and you're trying to get a deal under contract between seven and eight on this road map. That way, they'll actually give it to you because they're going to trust that, yeah, you know, Kelly, they've come out to the market. They've met me. They have a couple property managers locally that they've set up. They have a little team in place. They have some renovation construction crews that may do the renovations and improvements on the property. They've met with local lenders uh um uh credit unions and local lenders in the market so that we have some of the financing teed up even if it's a um a pre-letter or you know a soft soft quote as they would call it from a lender because no lender is going to give you a hard quote. And I'm sure you guys have seen this. Even if you go into the back end where we have our lenders, none of them, and I'm going to have Hannah and her team from Hannah Capital come on here in a couple weeks and they're with the lending side, but they they work their network is awesome and they're coming into our community as well because they work with a lot of local credit unions, a lot a lot of local lenders uh that deal with smaller deals in that 1 to2 million range that they can provide the financing around the country on. So, I want more options for everybody in addition to what we already have. And they can kind of lay it out in addition to what I'm letting you know. They're going to say the same thing, but maybe in a different way. But that way, you know, this lending stuff can be call pre-tied up and you can get soft quotes, soft information. That way, you can get a a soft quote letter. So, you'll have that to send off to the brokers because I'm sure you're getting the questions like, "Do you have lending, financing, all this stuff lined up?" And you could say, "Yeah, I have a soft quote from a lender. Here's kind of what they're saying. I can send that over. I can also send you the 10% which is our portion of the equity." And then we syndicate the rest. And here's our investors and what we do. They're already in our system. Here's our website. We've already been out to the market. We've set it up. We have local lenders, contractors, property managers. I know the areas, the good areas, the bad areas. I've been out. I understand it. I have my together. That's basically the signal that you're sending because that is critically important to get the trust from a broker because the biggest thing the broker cares about is can you close? Can you close? If I give you this deal, can you close it? Can you not make me look like an I mean I mean in simple terms, right? I mean that's ultimately what they care about. And so all this preloaded stuff that we do, which is so critically important that it gets set up and and you guys take the time as we're helping you because we give you all the resources, but that's why we want to be here to help you out as you go through it. The business in a box, selecting the markets, right? Getting the brokers and the connections and the relationships. If you have to go out of state, that market trip is really important that you take that three days and set it up. Set it up. the Capital Foundation. Making sure you have your list of investors inside your system. I was chatting with a gentleman uh the other day. His name is Brad. He's actually here in San Diego. Um he is in the staffing world. He's a seuite executive at a staffing company. and uh he's played in this game a little bit already, but he's actually, oddly enough, done a lot of this pre- stuff and he understood it, especially on the Capital Foundation side. He's like, "Yeah, I have about 30 people in my database and I know that if I find a good deal, I could send it out to them." And I'm like, "There you go." And I'm like, "Do you think they have any money?" He's like, "I don't know. Maybe not, but I'll still send it to them." And and then what he enjoyed because he's like, "Well, I don't want to ask them for money." And I said, "Well, you're not going to ask them for money." I said, "You're going to provide them a good opportunity, but you're not going to ask them if they're interested. You're going to ask who they know, who they know when that stuff goes out to them." And that's the capital side. But that's why this is in place. Okay. Um, let me answer a couple quick questions real quick. Great job, Enoch on the LOI. A larger property, got a counter from the broker. Nervous about Let's talk about that for a quick second. I'll bring you on. Um, I'm going to disable talking for Kelly. Sorry, Kelly. Love you, but you're gone. Just kidding. Um, Christine, not a stupid question, by the way. Question from Christine says, "Should we work with buyers, brokers, or generally do dual agency for our deals?" So, there really is no uh buyers agents in commercial real estate. Not as much. There is a little bit in the smaller space that we're in 10 to 30 unit space. There are still buyers agents, buyer brokers, right? Uh but they're going to get paid by the listing broker. That's how it always goes. You can work with one. That's not a problem. I don't know that I would sign any buyer broker agreement with them. Um I would I would agree to sign something if it's specific to deals they send me or show me. Uh, but they would have to show me the property, not just send me the property, but show me the property. Um, but yeah, I mean, the whole purpose, it's really a direct to the listing broker game in commercial, which is why you're learning this skill set. Um, you can still have agents sending you deals. Hopefully, they're their deals, but if they're not their deals, then I would just be clear upfront, hey, if we get this deal, you know, we're going to negotiate your commission into the deal, which is pretty standard because most listing brokers, just so you know, they get the listing and they're probably getting between five and 6%. Maybe four and a half to 6% commission on that sale. And if they don't have another agent involved, they'll get all of that. or they can use it for negotiation purposes. Okay. So, hence you can get a little bit better deal sometimes. But yeah, in commercial real estate there isn't really buyers agents as much. Still out there a little bit, but not as much. You really want to build the relationships, which is what we teach. Go direct to the listing broker in that market. Get a handful of them that are doing majority of the deals. Let them know what you're doing. level up your game and your skill set that you're learning right now because that's why you're learning this. So that way you can go direct to them and you know how to underwrite deals. You know how to submit the LOIs. That's your offer. You know once you get into contract how the contract process works. You have attorneys for that, not agents. So the agents really aren't there unless like the the value proposition from a buyer broker is not there unless they can somehow provide you an off-market deal. I mean from a buyer agent perspective if because if it's on market you don't need them. If it's offmarket that's different. They're going to get paid right for bringing it in. That's a finder fee. No different than if you found it on your own, you'd get paid a finder fee. Um, and that's going to be somewhere in that, you know, 1 to 2% range on average for the commission for the agent, maybe it's a little bit more, but yeah, if they're not bringing an off-market deal, per se, you can go find that on market. That's going to be on Crexy, it's already on the market. Otherwise, go direct to the listing broker, build the relationship with them, have them start sending you their pre-market deals or get on their websites. What's sometimes when you kind of look at the um the process for which a deal will come to market right is you know you'll have kind of you so you got the property here and it'll go it'll get you know uh it'll get the uh listing agent I'll just put LA here listing agent listing broker gets it signed that listing agent is going to go ahead and put an OM together offering memorandum. It's like just a marketing piece as you all know. And this is going to all you know this is going to take between one to four weeks. Losing my my mouse here. Yeah. One to four weeks. So between the time that they get the listing signed, the listing agent signs it to the time they get the OM put together and they do pre-arketing and all this stuff. One to four weeks. And then they're going to send it out to their little database, right, of about 25 investors, maybe 50 max. And what they'll also do is they'll put it on their broker website. So they'll put it on their website and they're going to email it via their little e newswsletter out to their investor database first. This is step one. It's going to be here for about one to three weeks unless the seller wants that thing pushed out to the market first, which is dumb. But if they do, fine. Then it's going to go on Crexy. But it's going to come here first. Then it'll go on Craigslist after that. If it does not sell, right? And if it doesn't sell here, if this doesn't happen, then it's going to go over to Crexy. The only way it goes to Crexy like concurrently with this process and then this process same time is if the seller demands it, which is dumb because most people want the perception, investors want the perception just like you, that you're getting a better deal because it's pre-market or offmarket. Once it hits the websites, your intuition, right, goes to, oh, it's not a good deal or, oh, it's on the market already. You know, the other the good deals happen pre like you know this intuitively. Your perception is that it's better when it's pre or off. That's why this is a very very powerful tool and you need to get into this bucket. That's the whole purpose of making these relationships and building this rapport is you want to be in this bucket. You know this bucket anybody can go into. Anybody anybody can be on Crexy and Loopnet. Not everybody can be in this bucket. This is an earned bucket right here. This is what takes the time to make the dial for dollars talking to the brokers, building the relationships because once you build a relationship with three to five good brokers in that market, you're going to start to see enough deal flow that's going to make sense. It's going to make sense. Okay. Um, so I hope that answers that question, Christine. So yes, you can work with buyers agents, but I wouldn't be signing some buyer broker agreement that sticks you to them only regardless. I would sign something that's very specific to any deals that you show me, then you can get paid on. So that way it's specific to what they show, not just generally speaking, okay? Because that's just not how the game works. So, um, great. Uh, perfect, perfect, perfect. And then, uh, Anoch, I'm going to bring you on real quick so you can chat about this LOI. I think this will be great for folks. Um, so I'm going to bring you on for talking. So, let me know when you're able to get access here. &gt;&gt; Can you hear me now? &gt;&gt; I got you. You bet. Say hi to everybody. &gt;&gt; Hey, everyone. Um, this is Enoch. Sorry, you've been saying Enoch, but it's Enoch is how it's pronounced. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's Yeah, Enoch. Didn't I say that or No. &gt;&gt; Yeah, something sort of like Enoch. &gt;&gt; Enoch. &gt;&gt; Enoch. Okay, got it. Yeah, my apologies. &gt;&gt; No, you're good. No, you're good. I've believe me, with a name like Enoch, I've heard everything and and I I'm good. &gt;&gt; Should I Should I just call you Frederick's? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, can everybody can everybody hear? Okay, just so just give a thumbs up in the chat if you can hear him. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let's chat about this LOI. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I was looking in Kansas City market, but then I I have several properties over in Montgomery, Alabama. And so, I kind of kept an eye on there just to see, you know, just cuz I know the area. I have people over there that I know and everything. And so this property came up um through Craigslist or something and it was a it was bigger than I was looking for. It was a 40 unit um apartment um complex. They were asking 3.25 and they they had recently lowered the price because they weren't getting what they wanted and everything. And so I just reached out to the guy. I ran some numbers and it looked okay. and and I reached out to him, started talking about it. Anyway, it got to the point &gt;&gt; on this is the one on Clayton. Is that correct? &gt;&gt; On Clayton. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. &gt;&gt; And so I submitted an LOI for um 2.895. Um and this was a couple a few days ago. They countered at 3.19. So, they went down about 60,000, but you know, and and I think I could still work this closer and closer. My my biggest nervousness is I mean, this was obviously a bigger thing than I was looking to bite off for my first deal here. &gt;&gt; Um, but the numbers were really good. You know, the the IRR was was around um you know, 22 to 23%. Um, &gt;&gt; I just pulled it up on screen. Can you see that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can see it there. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. So, we're going to go over this real quick. Uh, and then we'll go over the LOI that you wrote, too. So, that way people can kind of see they how they connect. &gt;&gt; Um, and I'll zoom in on this one a little bit so people can see the numbers a little bit better. So, yeah. Asking 3325. You're in it at 2950 when you underwrote it. Um, did you just do did you just want D4? God. So the way the way this is financing, &gt;&gt; well, what they're doing actually is they have an they have an assumable loan at 1.8 million. &gt;&gt; Um that's locked in at 5.56 or 5.59% through 2033. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so that's one of the things that attracted me to this a little bit was that that cheap financing through that time. Um, but obviously with that then I have to bring the whole rest of the amount and that's where the nervousness comes in. Trying to figure out Oh, sellers loan. Got it. That's 17. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; This one is Is this an Is this a Do you know what? Is it an intereston loan? Is it principal and interest? &gt;&gt; It's principal and interest. Okay. So then what we'll what you'll want to do on this, the way that we usually handle uh assumable loans &gt;&gt; is you would um so you could still do let me just retweak this for you here real quick. Um &gt;&gt; sorry I change I have a new one. I think this is an old one that you have that from what I have. Uh, this one is showed brand new. Uh, but what I want to do here is no. Okay, good. Um, um, what did I have in there? So, I want to make sure because you're going to be able to cover some closing costs, but it's fine. We'll just do this for simple math here on an acquisition side. So that way your loan amount. So I'll show you how this works. So we'll zero this out, right? So that way we get the principal and interest nature of it. 5.59 you said? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm going to change that number. Zero this out. So anytime you see like an assumable loan, what you're going to do if you know that that loan amount is a million8. A million8, right? That's the loan. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So then I'm just going to adjust the down payment until I get this loan amount to a million8. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. So let's do a 30%. Whoops. The other way. 40%. 38%. Right there. Pretty much 38.5. We're right in there. Let's call it 39. Right. So a million7. We'll just for simple math, right? They're right there. So, what that's going to do is keep your principal and interest payment right here. See that? So, that way it's calculated for you. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Right. And then, uh, no seller financing, any of that stuff. Number of units, 40. This is all good. So, you have a &gt;&gt; and I had put I had put two 200,000 in for or 250 for the rental because they're Yeah, because there's they've renovated a little over half of them. Y &gt;&gt; um, so Yep. So, we got that. So, I'll put in here. So, you're going to do like 20 something,000 uh a unit. If you got 250,000 for 20 units, that's like is that Oh, 10,000 units. &gt;&gt; That's 10,000 a unit. And they're smaller units. They're one bedroom. So, &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; So, I had 250 in there. So, yeah. I mean, it's, you know, you got a million five down payment. Well, let's just walk through this real quick. So, now your loan amount is going to populate here. Okay. &gt;&gt; Right. So now it's that 123 which is this payment here that's populating here. So you still have good DSCR. Right. But now see how it's changing the game here. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; So let's double check this thing here real quick. So you're at 2,950 39%. Let's make sure this is all good here. Um, &gt;&gt; and that's when I, yeah, when I sent it in to the support, I had it a little different, but they, it seemed like, &gt;&gt; yes, anytime you get into an assumable loan, &gt;&gt; you can just adjust your down payment to get to where your loan amount gets to that amount. Does it make sense? because you're assuming it and then you're just going to take the rate &gt;&gt; that they're assu you're getting in this case 5.59 which is great and you know so that that now is going to it's a 40% down payment right to assume that loan to assume that loan. Um this is fine. That's all fine. Let's just take a look at this stuff real quick. See what's going on. So you got expenses in there. That's all fine. That's all fine. and operating income flows. Got it. Okay. And then this is Alabama. Do you know what the the cap rates are in that market? I know from talking to them it was six and a half or &gt;&gt; I mean Montgomery Alabama I'd be you know I I can't imagine I mean right now I mean they've got to be 7%. &gt;&gt; Yeah they're six and a half to seven. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. So I I would I would adjust this to 6.5. Right. Because you got to know what the exit cap rates are for the future. Right. &gt;&gt; Mhm. So you have to adjust that exit cap rates with it. So it's within reason. Um this is all fine. That's all fine. I would just double check this number here on your um how you're going to operate the property with economic loss. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Right. So that way I mean you really need to plan on 10%. But this is stuff you would double check. &gt;&gt; Right. Um, but you can see how the deal is getting pretty rough pretty quick. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; no, for sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But let's keep walking through it just to double check everything. &gt;&gt; So, you got 2950 on your price. I just want to make sure this is accurate here. Make sure we got the equations going in here. Okay. You got your revenue. Got that 8% and 10%. Yeah, your debt coverage ratio is fine. But what's what's happening and why this is is is is challenging is because of the assumptive loan, you're having to put 40% down, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But and you're at 73,000 a unit. &gt;&gt; Wonder if we do that, does that change anything? It's going to bump up your cash on cash, but not tremendously. Got it. Yeah. See, it's just jumping up your your equity requirement. Um, and these numbers here are all of their numbers pretty much. I mean, in terms of the expenses and stuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. except for the other reserves I added and then but yeah so and that's where I was a little confused because it it was coming out the way I had it before when I sent it in to get reviewed and everything they were like yeah this looks good but it wasn't obviously there was some errors on there and everything so &gt;&gt; yeah so I mean you're in line you know in terms of your overall numbers because that's I mean listen the detailed line items are important but at the end of the day it comes down to what is the overall expense ratio, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And on a 19, you know, 4050 property, you know, you're going to be in alignment because if you scroll over this, it's telling you 1980s or older should be between 40 to 50%. So, you're right there. &gt;&gt; And same thing for your future numbers, 40 to 50%. So, overall, this total number right here is in alignment with what market should be for this age of property. So, you know, whether it's, you know, a few thousand here or there, one way or the other, at the end of the day, you're in alignment with where the percentage, the ratio should be on it. Okay? &gt;&gt; So, that's that's fine. And these numbers come right here at the expenses, &gt;&gt; which gets you your net operating income. &gt;&gt; And you know, the challenge is this. You see this current cap rate, right? I want to pinpoint this for everybody. When people tell you that cap rate doesn't matter, it doesn't matter when you're in a crazy appreciating market, meaning the one we were in from 2020 to 2023. Because you could buy something, it's like buying a great flip, right? You buy a single family house at 100 grand, you put 50 into it because the market's going crazy. You sell it for 300 grand. Who cares what I bought it for, right? Because you made such a profit. Same thing on apartment buildings. If I can buy it at here and then I can do this and because the market's ripping up at crazy this money's cheap and everybody's, you know, a gazillionaire, then yeah, kind of you're just you're riding that up. But the minute that changes, which it did, as we all know, in 2022 when interest rates started to go up, the whole party of being able to buy things at three, four, 5% cap rates, that that party ended because what? interest rates went where they went way up. And once those interest rates went way up, you cannot go buy a property at a cap rate, you know, too much lower than where the interest rates are at. And so there's no way on planet earth I would ever buy a property in Alabama at a five point any I mean there's no way I can go buy I can go buy an apartment building in Southern California right now in San Diego for a 5.4 cap right now. So why would I go to Alabama, right? So that's why this thing needs to go down. Like they're they need to start playing ball in the real ball 24550. So they're going to be somewhere right around here. They're almost a million dollars off on what the thing of what the thing's worth unless they can show you, right? Because then these numbers, you know, you're getting in the ballpark, right? you're getting in the ballpark because unless they can show you that these rents go up a lot more, there's only two ways to make the deal happen, right? And this is this is using their financing. But I I'd be willing to bet you that I could come in here for even 30%. Let's say we went to there and we did a 6% loan. Um, you see how my numbers are even getting better with new debt? &gt;&gt; Yeah. versus using their assumption. And and I'm getting it at a six and a half cap, which is kind of where the market's at. And my interest rates are at six. So, I'm buying it at a cap rate higher than the interest rates, which is why these numbers are starting to make sense here on your returns. Um, and this is all fine. Yeah. So, that all works. Um, you know, it see I mean it seems so it's a ren I mean it's already have they renovated the exterior? It looks like they've renovated the exterior, right? Yeah, all the exterior and all the roofs have been done in the AC units, but it's the and I and and I think you know this deal was one of those ones that kind of fell there and I was looking at it and it kind of but it was really helpful to see how you're doing this and you know this one I don't think they're going to come down that far but it was really helpful to go through even the LOI process and stuff with them was really helpful for me to kind of just go out there and do it and just see what happens you know and so &gt;&gt; and even on the LOI. So, we'll pull that up real quick. Uh the most recent one you sent in, which was this so I can show everybody. Um here's your offer that went in your LOI. So, this is on the template that you all have. Um and you know, he came in here, put his LLC company on here, who it's going to, referencing the property address. This is all pretty standard language. you just changed out to the property address which is accurate and all this 2895 per unit. You got 1% for your deposit. Um, yep. This is following the expiration of the due diligence period. Then it would go non-refundable. That's fine. Assuming the existing debt down payment, um, which is fine. That's the correct down payment without all the other costs and stuff, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Correct. 30-day due diligence with an option to extend. 60-day close with a 30-day option to extend. Um, &gt;&gt; yeah. This is great. &gt;&gt; Question that I have on this. So, so when they sent it back to me, they just basically took a pen, crossed out the numbers, and put new numbers on there of their for their counter. Yeah, that's fine because it's all this is non-legally binding, &gt;&gt; right? I guess I'm wondering so if I'm going to go back and like let's say I was going to counter them again. &gt;&gt; Um would I just send them a fresh new one or do I am I are we just going to make this change cross out? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you could send them a fresh new one. Um or you just cross out their numbers, dude. That would be an amazing send it back to them with like a two4 number. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; I mean, they're gonna crap their pants. Um it'll be great. Um, yeah, you know, it's hard because obviously it's a nice property, but I mean it's all, you know, and you So, this is how it works. Like, if if let's say it was 2950, right? Let's say, let's stick at that number for a minute. Let me adjust that back and we'll finish on this. Um, I'm going through a couple of the questions in here, so I want to answer them and then maybe you can help with this. So 40 units, 2.9 million. Yeah, I mean on a price per unit it's fine. Um, just want to go through. Okay, see all the questions in there. So yeah, kind of coming back to this. So let's show you how the deal can make sense at $3 million, right? Let's assume you got him to agree to $3 million. Here's how the deal makes sense. Let's say you came in here at 35% down. You did not assume the existing debt. You went in and got more debt at a 6% interest rate, which you probably could. 6.25 somewhere right in there. Somewhere right in there in today's market. Uh all else being equal, I'd probably move this down to 5% on your closing cost there a little bit. Um you could probably get that down to about 5% because the deal is getting bigger, right? So the closing cost will actually from an economies of sales standpoint will come down a little bit. Still all else being equal, this all being the same, that's all fine, all else being the same. But you can obviously start to see that, you know, your debt coverage ratio doesn't work, right? And then all these numbers down here don't work. But this is how it can, right? If you come in here, and here's the big problem. You have onebedrooms and studio. So, they're not generating even though you have a lot of units, they're not generating enough income based on those 41 bedrooms because when when people say price per unit, what if they were all two bedrooms, right? If they were all twobedroom, 40 units of two bedrooms, I guarantee your rents would be a lot higher. And you're So, you're buying on a price per unit, it's still the same. It's still $75,000 a unit, but because they're twobedroom units now, you're getting more revenue for the same unit count. So, that the challenge is because you have 41 bedrooms, your rents aren't really substantial enough to to really have this thing make sense. So, realistically, the price per unit is not a good indicator on this deal because on a really what I want this thing to do is come to here. $1,000 on those ones and a studio. Let's do, you know, 950 hypothetically for a minute now. You see the deal starting to make sense, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; It's all a revenue game. All you did is, you know, you need more revenue. Meaning if the expenses are what they are, right? They are what they are. I just need more revenue. &gt;&gt; I mean, if all else being equal, $3 million, 35%, interest rates are what they are. I got to reno it to do what I got to do. Closing costs and everything are what they are. It is what it is. Expenses are what they are. I've already looked through those. I'm pretty good on those. I just need more revenue. I need the building to generate more revenue. And if it does, then this thing now makes sense. And then coming over here with all this being equal because now you know now what's even crazier even though you're buying this thing at a really low cap rate, right? Which you wouldn't want to do anyways. I mean I'd want to at least get this thing close to 6% or close to it. So I'd probably be at like 2850. Let's see what that does. Um why did the cap rate go down? That's weird. What's going on here? That doesn't make any sense. Oh, my bad. Is that cuz the NOI? It doesn't make any sense. Hold on a second. Oh, because of where you're taking it. That's why. So, it's based off current. Yeah, correct. But that's the only way. So this is this is the one way like I was telling you when you could take properties and this is how it worked in um 2020 through 2023 is you could buy a property today. I could jack up the rents, right? I could literally go from 700 to a,000. Therefore, this cap rate didn't matter as much because I'm going to buy it at a 5.8. I'm going to take it up to a nine and then I can sell it back down at a 6 and a half. Do you see how that's working? &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Because I'm going to sell it here at a 6 and a half, right? I'm buying it. So, this is like the game. I'm buying it at 5.8. I'm going to increase the revenue, right? I'm going to do all this stuff, improve the property up to a 9.61 cap on revenue and everything. And then I'm going to go sell this baby at a 6.5. So, because of that, that's why the thing works. And you could do that when interest rates were low. You can't do that now. So that's why we're we're back to like original fundamentals. And that's why the deal you can't you're not you're not going to get $1,000, right? You're going to get $8.95 and then uh do you know what they were before? $8.95 and &gt;&gt; I think it was 88$8. 825 and 775. &gt;&gt; Got it. Right. Because that's where the rents are at today and you can't do a lot with that. So because the revenue is where it is, it is what it is. I can't do anything about that. And the expenses are what they are. I I can't do anything about that. Interest rates are what they are. I can't do anything about that. So, the only other thing I can do is come in here and start finagling where this thing has to make sense. Right. And that's where it starts to make sense. But they don't have enough revenue. The problem is there's not enough revenue mainly because of the unit mix. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. guarantee for example because yeah if these things were all two bedrooms right and you know I don't know what two bedrooms are going for there in the market but let's say for simple math they were going for a lot higher right if a twobedroom was going for $150 or something I don't know if that was it right you can start to see you know what's going to happen with your numbers see how stupid that gets &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; so that way I could now 31 150 now I can pay a lot more because I mean even with that I mean if I'm getting even 1050 on those rents right you see and this thing is rocking and rolling but that would have to be a two-bedroom unit for me to get that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Otherwise it's 825. I mean it's it's simply a revenue game. Simply a revenue game. because the expenses are what they are. Um Paul had asked uh sorry I blanked out on how did you confirm proform rents to determine if they are at the top of market. So the way I always look for rents everybody is I'll start with from a high level right so you kind of go through the stages. Stage one is I'm going to go to rentometer.com and Zillow and I'm going to start digging into other properties around there and get a feeling from a high level where the rents are at. And I'm going to look at those properties online and see are they renovated or are they not? Because if they're getting, you know, let's say for example, I go online and I see that nearby properties are getting a,825 and these are for fully rena deals, right? Not classic units, but renovated units. And I see enough of that, I'm comfortable saying, "Huh, if I come in here and I renovate and I put in $10,000 a unit, I'm pretty comfortable. I can take that thing from 6.95 to a,000 bucks based upon what I'm seeing online." So, that's a starting point. That's high level. Now, am I going to verify that? You bet your ass I am. So, now I'm going to get on the ground. And this is where your market, right? Going into the market and getting on the ground and kicking the boots, as they call it, you're going to know. This is why driving the neighborhoods, talking to the brokers, getting around people and knowing that, okay, this is a good neighborhood. This is why these rents are happening here. I'm over here doing these ones. These why these rents are lower over here. It's no different than your backyard. You know what the rents are because it's your neighborhood. But if you're having to go out of area, this is why getting the boots on the ground is so important because you can do all the high level you want, but then you got to get nitty-gritty. You got to get boots on the ground. And that's why doing the market trip and getting in there and understanding that market specifically is really critical to the next stage. So that way when I'm looking at these deals from afar and I'm back home sitting in front of my computer, I know because I've been to Kansas City 14 million times, these are the good areas, the bad areas, these where the rents are here, these where the rents are here. It's the nuance and you'll never know that till you get boots on the ground. So that's kind of like high level and then boots on the ground. High level and then boots on the ground. And that's why that's so important. Yeah. Um Christine, I had a question on property management. You talked in the past about structuring lease renewals and bonuses for filling vacancies in a way that rewards the renewals. Yes. But when I talked to PMs, they have their own contracts and fees set. Your broker checklist also says to avoid negotiating them down. So how would we accomplish making fee structure? How would we want it uh into their favor for renewals? Correct. So, I understand they may have their contracts, but usually when you explain it to the to the property managers like, "Hey, this is how I want to reward your team for running the property, right? I want us focused on renewals, not new leases. Renewals, not new leases." So, that what whatever it is we're going to agree on for new leases, I want to double that for a renewal. What you want is you want the the the commission for the renewals to be double what it is for the new leases. And then you and if you want to negotiate that down, everything's negotiable, by the way, right? Everything's negotiable because they have their property management fee at probably 6%ish, maybe 7%. Then you add in all the commission structures and stuff they do. And the typical way that most property managers do it is they say, "Oh, it's going to be a half months, you know, if it's $1,000 for the first month's rent, we get 500 bucks, 50%." Or it's it's the first full month's rent. So, if it's uh $1,000 for the first month's rent, we get a,000 bucks for leasing it up. That's what they're going to try and do. Try and do. And then I asked them, "Well, what do you guys get paid for renewals?" And if they say 75 bucks, I'm like, "Guys, this doesn't work." Like, you guys are running things ass backwards. I said, 'What I want to do is reward your team for doing less work. I mean, honestly, think about that for a minute. I'm going to reward your team for doing less work because now all you need to do is make people stay in the apartment complex. Like, you don't even have to go do showings. You don't have to do any marketing. You don't have to go run around. You don't have to get out of the office. I mean, you can literally sit your ass in your chair, pick up the phone, and make sure the tenants happy, get them to renew their lease, and you get paid double. You get paid double for doing half the work. And you know why I'm willing to do that? Because it saves me a ton of money. And they don't understand that. Most PMs are so They literally don't understand how the game works. You do not make money owning apartments by leasing them. You make money owning apartments by keeping heads and beds. That is how you make money. If you have to constantly turn and new lease that property, you're going to lose your ass. That's not how it works. You keep heads and beds and you raise the rent if you can't. If you can't raise the rent, you keep heads and beds. That is the name of the game. That is how you keep people there because every and most property managers don't know this. Ask them the question honestly. Ask the question to the PM. Say, "Hey, how much do you think the cost is to us as an owner every time a tenant moves out?" They won't know the answer. Well, $800. No, it's $3,500. What do you mean $3,500? The cost to pay your new leasing fee that you just wanted to charge me, right? 100% of the rent, 1,000 bucks, whatever it is. And I got to turn it. That's going to be another at least $800, 1,000 bucks, 1,500, somewhere in there. So now we're at $2,500 and we haven't even touched the surface yet of lost rent because it may take you 30 days to get it leased back up. So now that's another money on top of that. We're at $3,500 before we blink. So, if I can keep somebody in there, even if I have to give them a concession because the market's not allowing me to raise rents and it's not a tight or good market, keep them in there and pay that property manager double to get their ass and pick up the phone and keep people happy. Client retention, customer service, like that type of game. It's I mean, it's it's unbelievable. Like, they get to do half the work and make twice the money. I mean, sign me up, Scotty. Where does that one not make sense? They just don't get it. Most PMs are, you know, they just don't get it. So that's why you have to kind of explain it to them. And once you explain it, they're like, "Oh, yeah, actually that kind of does make sense. Yes, it does. Yes, it does." And does that does that land a little bit? And it's just it's just working with them because most PMs are on it's just wild. I mean, they This is why you got to go through and find the good ones. And then even when you find the good ones, you have to work them through to understand, guys, I'm going to literally pay you double for doing half the work. And they're going to be like, "What do you mean?" Yeah, I'm going to give you double the commission for doing half the work. Meaning, just keep people in my building, keep them happy, and keep rents going up. and you get to do you make half double the money for half the work and you don't have to go show the property like all this game, right? And I understand there's natural turnover and that's true. You're going to get a natural turnover of about 30% a year. Meaning if that property manager is doing a good job, you're going to retain between 70 to 80% of your tenant base. you will have a natural turnover of 20 to 30% no matter what because you have life events, things happen, people die, divorce, job changes, working, right? All that stuff's going to happen naturally. So, you're going to have natural turnover. So, yeah, that's the key the key to the game. And so, it's it's all about the renewals. So, it's just about how you flip it on its head and explain that to the PM and say, "Listen, I'm gonna actually I'd love to pay you guys double for doing half the work." And they're gonna be like, "Huh? And then you explain it to them. You're like, "Listen, we're not going to do the new leases like that because I want you to focus on getting people to stay. Stay, not leave." And by rewarding your team to give them more money if they can convince people to stay, they get double. Imagine that. Like, and they're like, "Okay, I get it." So, you can retweak the contract a little bit. All right, guys. I know that was a lot, but um yeah, this is great on this and then the LOI and stuff. You know, let's I would say look at this deal a little closer. You know, see kind of where they're at. Understand their motivation, Eno. Um because Yeah, it's just it's frustrating. You you just need more revenue. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that's great. It was helpful going through that. and I'll just, you know, I'll just talk to him and see. I'm not married to this deal, obviously. And and so I think, uh, it'll be interesting to see what they say. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you just need more revenue because everything else is fine. You just need more revenue. Um, yeah, you just need more revenue because it's all onebedrooms and studios. That's why you're running into the issue. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; If it were a different unit mix, it would probably change the game. &gt;&gt; Probably change the game. So, Awesome everybody. Okay. Yeah, let us know if you have any questions. Shoot us uh texts and emails and all that stuff. Happy to help you guys out. Um and we're here. We are here. Awesome. Thanks everybody. Have a great rest of your Thursday and we'll be in touch soon.