All right, come on in. Does everybody uh get settled in? Happy Thursday for everyone. We'll open up the chat here in just a second. I see everybody coming in. Don, good to see you. John, Bruce, Cristiano, Miguel, good to see you. Paula, awesome. Tony Vil, beautiful. Get everybody kind of coming on in. Uh, chime in in the chat. How are you doing this morning? Today, anything exciting? Uh, what we're going to do today and we'll see how well it works is, uh, I'm going to be live, we're going to do two things. I'm going to be live calling brokers. live calling brokers off of Krexy to show you how you would do that. And then number two, uh I'd like to role play with one of you and showcase how you would pitch a deal to a potential person that has interest in investor and how you would interact and talk and go through that. So that way we're, you know, real live stuff on how you would actually do these two things, right? Talk to the brokers and do that initial introduction. And then number two, if I'm pitching a deal and we're talking about it, you acting, you're going to be the investor. You're the investor. I'm the general partner, right? You're interested in investing in this deal that I'm going to go over and you're just going to spit game and ask questions and we'll see how well I do. Uh, happy Thursday back to you, Julian. Awesome. How's it going overseas now that I think our government is officially reopened? I don't even know. I mean, what a show. Honestly, they're all a bunch of tards in my in my book. They're all a bunch of tards. Uh, yes, you're being paid again. That's good. I mean, holy cow. Um, yeah. Hi, I see you in here. Awesome. Cool. So, just to kind of reiterate what we're going to do today, Kelly, see you in here. Michael, awesome. Samira, beautiful. Sujit, great. Yeah. Is uh two things. Number one, I'm going to be calling brokers live. And I don't even know who I'm calling yet, but we're going to call them. See who I can get on the phone. See if this microphone and everything works. And you'll be able to hear them on speaker and see if I can talk about their deals and do that initial introduction stuff that would go on. That's number one. Number two is I'm going to pitch a deal. It's not a real deal anymore. This is an old deal, but I would like to bring one of you up on. So, whoever would like to be the investor and act like you're interested and I'll kind of peruse through the deal. But anyhow, you'll ask questions, have some questions, and you'll Q&amp;A with me uh and roleplay as though you're the investor and I'm pitching you about the deal and answering some questions. So, uh, beautiful. John, you're meeting up with two brokers next week. Looking for a couple offmarket deals. Super pumped. There you go. Great. Um, just in time to close on the Michigan deal. You're getting paid, Julian. I like that. That's good. That's good. So, yeah, we're in in studio today. Uh, going to DFW. Awesome. Next week, uh, Cristiano, that's awesome. I'll be actually in Texas. San Antonio and Austin um Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday for some business stuff next week. Uh and also meeting some brokers, touring some deals and all of that. So, that should be very exciting. Um cool. Well, let's go ahead and start. Give me just a minute and let me pull up some deals real quick and we'll make some phone calls. Uh because yeah, I was even chatting with uh Angelica and a few others in the community uh and they kind of gave me you know roadblocks in areas that they're stumbling and you know one of them of course was hey you know and she's already talked to a bunch of brokers and done that so that's not her roadblock. Hers was you know how to talk to investors and things you would say about it uh how you would interact all of that when you're pitching right pitching a deal to investors. And so that's why I wanted to go over that a bit today and how that would go down as well as, you know, live discussions with the brokers. Uh, what state do we want to go into this morning? Chime in the chat. Where would you like me to go this morning in terms of states? Do we want Midwest somewhere? We got a little Ohio action in here from Kelly. I like that. That's an option. Anywhere else? And I'll flip a coin. We got North Carolina, Tennessee, Texas. Okay, you guys are going to make it make make me choose, huh? All right, let's do this. Let's Let's try Tennessee first. We're going to go into Tennessee. Check it out. Let's go into Tennessee. I'm going to share my screen. So that way you can see what I'm seeing and we'll jump on in. Uh can you all see the screen right now as we're going into the state of Great Tennessee? Cool. And I'll make sure the microphone and everything works as we go through this. Should be interesting. dial for dollars. Okay, I turn that volume up. So, let's just peruse through here. I'm seeing Woodyard now consistently, but we'll go for uh let's go ahead and filter it down a little bit. Whoops. Add in a couple filters here for minimum units. Let's do a 10 unit. And let's go up to 50. Let's go up to 50. Whoa. Needs to be in the state of Tennessee, though. Go back. Okay, now we go. Down to a little bit better here. Here we go. Uh, KW, that looks like fun. Let's take a look at that one. All right, we got Teresa and Tony. This one's been on 236 days. Nice. I'm just going to take a little bit of info on it real quick. And then year built 2023. So, it's new construction. 10 units, halfacre property, asking price a million 399. Let me go ahead and pull down the OM. You see this OM right here from the brokers. Let me take a peek at it. So that way I have a little bit of information about the property so I don't look like a complete jackass. Um, welcome to 595 Railroad Street. So they don't have the OM up yet. Tennessee. This apartment complex built in 2023. 10 units, nine threebedrooms, a twobedroom, uh, and a five bedroomedroom. Wow. but they have some some larger units. Located right across the highway from the upcoming Food City, you'll have grocery shopping just a stones throw away. Plus, you're only minutes from downtown Dayton. With easy access to the freeways, blah blah blah blah. These apartments are perfect for anyone looking for a convenient and comfortable living space in a great location. Don't miss out on the chance to make this complex your next investment property. So, nice of her to write that. Okay, let's dial for some dollars. See what we come up with. I'll try I'll start with Tanya first. See if we can get this. Let's go. 423 9477. Hello. &gt;&gt; Hi. Is this Tanya? &gt;&gt; It is. &gt;&gt; Hey, Tanya. This is Justin Brennan. I'm with the Brennan Pulley Capital Group. Um, I was actually calling on your guys's listing. Uh, you and Teresa's listing that 10 units there over on Railroad Street. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Um, can you tell me a little bit about that? Look, I mean, it's look, I know it's been on a little bit, but um I'm kind of looking in the Tennessee market and um came across this one. I know it's newer built, so that was attractive to me. If you can tell me a little bit about it. &gt;&gt; Two years old. Um nine units are two bedrooms. Oh, I'm going to say that then I'm going to be wrong. No, that's right. Nine units are two bedrooms, two baths. And then there's one unit and kind of in the corner that has like five bedrooms and four baths maybe. &gt;&gt; Just a little bit bigger. Um they do stay rented out. Um &gt;&gt; is it 100% occupied right now? &gt;&gt; I believe so. Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And then I guess what I know it's newer build. Is the seller living in it or is it kind of a Okay. &gt;&gt; No, he's just an investor. Got it. And just I guess selling it now that he's had it for a couple years after construction. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh what's the activity been on it uh so far? I know it's been on a while. Is there a reason why it's been sitting so long? &gt;&gt; Well, I it was under contract supposed to close and they um I hate to say this, but they were a little bit difficult and um so they they pulled out at come after the at the very last moment. So, um, but that's it was under contract. &gt;&gt; Got it. And I was trying to click on the OM uh online. It did, but it looked like it just had a little summary um about it. &gt;&gt; But I mean, if any questions with this um the guy that we just were under contract with, I answered a lot of questions. So I probably, you know, depending on because the only bill that he has, I mean, he pays like to have the grass around their mode. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's in the city, so it's on uh city sewer &gt;&gt; and the uh people pay their own &gt;&gt; bills like their own electric and water and everything. Um Got it. &gt;&gt; He does have insurance like building insurance. He pays that and um taxes. &gt;&gt; Sure. Do you guys have a P&amp;L statement or any kind of T12? I don't know if if that's how he's running it or if it's been more mom and pop-ish. &gt;&gt; Yes, that I mean I do have leases. I mean, he has leases that, you know, um that he has, but um yeah, I mean I I was you know, then the guy he he looked at him, looked at him twice, and you know, we did all the very minor repairs that he asked for. you know, there was a tree that was kind of a little bit close and we we cut the tree down. I mean, we did they did all the things. And &gt;&gt; was he not able to get comfortable with the financials or because they didn't have good financials or was it the the loan side or &gt;&gt; I don't I mean, it was very difficult. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; I'll just say that. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, yeah, I'm probably going to be my plan is to be out there in about a week into that area. I'm taking a look at a couple other properties and stuff. I mean, how do you guys typically show it? Is it is it more where hey I come into your office or do you guys like to you know &gt;&gt; what we did when he looked at it is um so actually the way this Teresa is the listing agent and she's like our team lead and I'm the transaction coordinator and so I put everything into the MLS and so as a member of Kraxy that's probably where you saw it as because I was the one that logged in and entered it. It has my name on it but I'm also a licensed agent. I'm the transaction coordinator for the team. So, we met him there, the potential buyer, and um the owner has a guy that's like his handyman kind of guy, and he has keys to every all the things that he let we like to let the tenants know like 24 hours in advance, hey, somebody's coming to look. And so, um his handyman will meet us there. And I think we he looked at every unit, you know, and then he did have a a um what do you call it? a um inspection done, right? I say &gt;&gt; and um &gt;&gt; you know, it was just it was &gt;&gt; so if I wanted to set up an appointment, would that be with you or with Teresa or &gt;&gt; with me? You can do that with me and then I can get with Dan Handy Dan the handyman. And um &gt;&gt; Dan the handyman. &gt;&gt; He can um you know, let the tenants know. And you know, like I said, none of them are the are the same, but then there's the one that's different. And like I said, he had a he said he paid $4,000 for an inspection. I don't know if that's true or not, but he had an inspection. I got the report. Everything on that inspection was addressed. And so, you know, it's it's in great shape right now. &gt;&gt; Well, it's a new build. Yeah. You're not going to have Yeah, it's a new build. &gt;&gt; There's a window that might was cracked. They put a new window in and new stove in one of them. Then do um do you guys do you and Teresa and you do you guys it looks like you do a decent amount in that area. Um &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; Are there other properties you guys are working on that maybe aren't on Kraxy yet or kind of getting some BOVs out? &gt;&gt; Well, there is um another agent on our team had some um it was a larger um it was on Walnut Grove. I don't if it's still 349 Walnut Grove. We had it listed and I can find out more about that to see if if he was if he's still interested in selling. We had it, but I don't know if he was asking too much. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, anything kind of that, you know, may not be on the market per se. Maybe a pre-market or um you know, you kind you guys have info on it. You know, the sellers may want to sell. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Walnut Grove because it's um like I said, I think it was &gt;&gt; maybe it it was more than that. It was a lot like many more units than that. And um it did have a a place on site that had a house on it that like the person that took care of him lived like a caretaker could live in that house. But um and I'm pretty sure it's pretty close by there. So let me I I'll find out about that. I I'll get the the girl that actually listed that. Her name's Amber to um see if they're still &gt;&gt; in the market to sell. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean I'm going to be buying in that market and I obviously would love to go through you guys um and trying to find some deals. So, you know, whether it's on KY or anything that's kind of pre-market stuff, any of that is is of interest. And then I guess when I come out there, yeah, I'd love to meet maybe with you and Teresa. Uh, so we have offices in Texas and in California. So, out of Austin, I guess, and then also out of San Diego, California. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; But, um, &gt;&gt; yeah, I know I I have friends in in in outside of Nashville and Franklin and all that. Uh, so pretty pretty familiar with the market, but &gt;&gt; looking to kind of set up in there and get some more deals. &gt;&gt; This is um this is it's very, you know, it's right outside Chattanooga. It's kind of small small town living, you know, kind of a little bit slower and um but there's Lazy Boy is in the area and so I think, you know, that's a draw. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so these that's why these apartments I think the the Walnut Grove is right near Lazy Boy, so that's and I think they stay booked as well. I mean, you know, not booked, but you know, rented as well. So, &gt;&gt; awesome. Yeah, what I'll do is I have your email here, I think, from Crexy. Oops. &gt;&gt; Gmail. &gt;&gt; Uh, email access is avail Oh, see, it's going to give it to me actually. Yeah, let let me take that down real quick. &gt;&gt; It's just my name, Tanya. T O N Y A. Yep. Bots. Yep. BTS at Gmail. &gt;&gt; At Gmail. Okay. Beautiful. Yeah, I'll shoot you an email when &gt;&gt; day. It might be. Uh, &gt;&gt; I don't yet. It'll probably be the end of next week. Okay. Um but I'll shoot you an email and then I have your cell phone number here, but I'll shoot you an email so we can connect &gt;&gt; and then that way as I'm &gt;&gt; best if it was later. I know I will be in Nashville on um Wednesday of next week. So, &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; But um &gt;&gt; yeah, I'll set it up several days in advance. You have enough notice and then yeah, I would love to connect with you and uh you know, if it makes sense to tour the property come as well as she's the listing agent. So &gt;&gt; Okay. Awesome. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Appreciate your time. Thanks for answering. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, so you saw that. Um, does anybody want to come up and chat because I know this is more of a webinar format versus the meeting format from Tuesday, but is anybody want to come up and I can uh we can chat about that conversation and any Q Q&amp;A you would have on that? Um, or I'll just call on people to come up and chat. So, I love that. Uh, Angelica, I see you here. would you like to come up real quick? Just chime in in the chat. Thumbs up. Yes. Uh so Kelly, she is Yes, she is the transaction coordinator on the team. It sound I mean she is licensed though. She's a licensed agent as you can see on the screen. So um she just happens to be the TC on the team and then Teresa is the formal listing agent. But they all work together. So what you'll see happen a lot of times in commercial unlike residential is they work in teams of two, three, four, five people usually because they're doing properties sometimes in multiple states and so they'll have people that are the reps in each state and they're usually nearby. So they would do maybe Tennessee, uh, Kentucky, maybe one other and they'll kind of work those three markets together amongst a larger team. And so that's when you see this stuff. It's very, very common. Very, very common. All right. Uh, Angelica, I'm going to bring you up real quick. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hello. How are you? &gt;&gt; Hey, Justin. How are you? &gt;&gt; Good. Good. Everybody can hear Angelica. Thumbs up if you can. &gt;&gt; I can't see myself though. Is it &gt;&gt; I don't think it looks video on this format. It's just audio. Uh, &gt;&gt; okay. Well, we can move this one because the Tuesday ones &gt;&gt; are more meeting style and then Thursdays are more like this, but we can certainly adjust them depending on people. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Okay. &gt;&gt; You kind of heard that conversation. &gt;&gt; Yes, I did. I did. Um &gt;&gt; that similar to something you've already had or &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um it does. It does. Like I mean um you kind of managed it a little bit more smoothly sometimes. I feel like when I started talking to brokers in the beginning, I was trying to, you know, make them believe like I knew what I was doing and like, you know, um, like I was serious, so I would kind of overspeak, but um, you managed it, you know, just saying what you needed to know and kind of enough information for them to know that you're interested and that you're serious, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because the whole point of it is not, and I totally get where you're coming from. We all do that if we're just learning, right? like you're in that learning phase &gt;&gt; and so until you get more comfortable and which that comes with repetition, &gt;&gt; right? It's like I mean I &gt;&gt; we all suck at things when we start &gt;&gt; and I to be fair I I was horrible at this environment of presenting and being on camera and talking and all this stuff for quite a while until I to do it &gt;&gt; and then I became more comfortable and then I started to not give a rat's ass. Right. when you finally give not a rat's ass and you actually are like h whatever you know &gt;&gt; because at the end of the day people are people and they just want to connect. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And um &gt;&gt; yeah um I saw some comments in there &gt;&gt; everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I saw some comments in there kind of um saying like she that she didn't it didn't seem like she really knew what she was doing. But that I mean when she didn't have any financials or the OM for the property that one that was when I was like wait what like &gt;&gt; yeah you know that's not necessarily a hugely big problem on a small property like this and in some it's actually a kind of a good thing. Okay. &gt;&gt; Because you you could if you like the property, right? And which means you're not going to be dealing with a lot of competition because they they clearly have don't have their ducks in a row. Like you're dealing with a mom and pop broker here &gt;&gt; and with KW and they haven't set this thing up correctly, which is why it's not selling. So, it's actually a good thing in a way because now maybe there's an opportunity there to dig into the financials because you'll get them and if they don't have them, if they do not have them, then they would get I mean they're getting revenue and they're paying bills, right? So, it's going into some bank account somewhere. &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Then my next response would be, listen, I I'm going to need to see the bank accounts &gt;&gt; because you don't have profit and loss statements. You don't have this detail that you can give me. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Totally fine. I can extrapolate the data, but I need the data. So, I'm going to bank accounts. &gt;&gt; So, that way I can see money in, money out, and I'm going to be on track. And then I'm going to match it up &gt;&gt; with the physical leases because what I'm going to do is I'm going to take the 10 leases on the property. &gt;&gt; I'm going to get to see those leases, what they're paying, &gt;&gt; right? What they're supposed to be paying and all that. And then I'm going to match it up with what's coming into the bank accounts, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Be able to see it. &gt;&gt; And so, now you get the revenue side of it. So, I got the revenue checkboxed. Now, it comes down to how do I put together the expenses? And if she's telling me tenants pay for pretty much everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm going to look at the things they're not supposed to pay for and I want to see that. And that should be coming out of the bank account, too. &gt;&gt; Right. Extrapulate the exact data. I mean, that's even more reliable than the profit and loss statement. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's so true. &gt;&gt; And once again, it's a 10-unit property. It's not like I'm doing this for aundred unit deal, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; That would never happen on a big deal. But on a small one like this, not uncommon. Um, and so you can almost see it as kind of like an opportunity because clearly, &gt;&gt; I mean, they're just not marketing this thing correctly. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Um, you know, I'm looking at the property. I mean, the photos are horrendous. &gt;&gt; I mean, I just, it blows my mind. Um, it blows my mind. It's like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like your number one job as a as an agent, I don't care if residential or commercial &gt;&gt; is to get the property presented to the world in its best light, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; To attract people in. That's it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The property itself will probably sell itself. Meaning, if somebody goes into, let's say it was a residential property, you've all been around properties, and you go into a property, &gt;&gt; like people know within about 3 to five minutes whether that the floor plan works &gt;&gt; whether it sits right with them or not. They know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And so you don't really need to sell the property. The property will sell itself. Your job is to get their ass in the front door &gt;&gt; as an agent. No different than commercial. My job is to get you to show up in front of the property &gt;&gt; and get as many people there as I can to create, you know, the urgency, FOMO, fear of loss, all that stuff, right? And we always set up our showings like anytime I ever did this as an agent, I would always want the showings back to back. &gt;&gt; And when I had open houses, we don't like I know people in the agent world, they do like these three-hour open houses and all this other stuff. I'm like, no, no, no. I said, you make them about 30 minutes to an hour. &gt;&gt; And you'd be shocked if you put it online that way. Everybody shows up in that 30 minutes and that hour because they're like, boom, let's go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. When you have &gt;&gt; 15 people walking through the house all at the same time &gt;&gt; and they're all looking at each other. They're checking each other out. Oh, does that person want to buy it? Are they &gt;&gt; Yeah, I want to get it first. &gt;&gt; Steal our house from us. &gt;&gt; And or same thing happens when you when you're in commercial. You have them show up back to back. So like like I'll be touring an investor &gt;&gt; and I literally have the other investors overlap by like 15 minutes and they show up and they get out of the car and they're seeing me tour these other investors. What do you think that does to their psyche? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; It messes them up in the caba in a good way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It lets them know that, oh, somebody else may want this thing, too. So, if we like it, we should probably, you know, move on it, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Creating that urgency and FOMO. That's all you're doing. &gt;&gt; I I haven't heard you do one of these um like actually like live reach out to someone. I'd love it if maybe we could do one obviously on another call um for for like when you're trying to pitch an investor trying to, you know, kind of share what you're what the deal is about. &gt;&gt; Oh, you are? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, nice. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We're going to do that here just momentarily. So, I'm going to do one I'm going to do one more call to a broker &gt;&gt; and then we're going to get into the role playinging of an investor and me pitching this deal behind me. Even though this is &gt;&gt; Yes. But I'm going to role play with somebody on here and you're the investor. I'm the general partner. You're asking me questions about the deal and you'll see how I handle it. Basically going through the &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Nice. Perfect. Yeah, I really need that. Awesome. Thank you. &gt;&gt; You bet. You bet. Thanks. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; cool. Um, are we having fun so far? Thumbs up if we're having fun. This is fun. Uh, they got Patrick. I'm going to call Marcus and Milichap. Marcus and Milichap. Let's take a look at this one. Uh, 36 units. Cool. 51 days on market. So, not terribly long. Kind of going through this guy here a little bit. Want to take a look at it. One. Looks a little, you know, little out in the middle of nowhere, but that's okay. Just taking a look at it so I understand. 36 units. We got square foot per unit. Is it all studios? Is that what it is? It looks like these are small units. That's the unit mix. You got 36 little studios. Um Oh, you did. Hey, Mr. Harrison Johnson. Awesome. We're going to have another chitchat today then. Uh, get out of that. Back to here. Great. Yeah. So, we'll chat with Harrison Johnson there. Ench. Um, how did that conversation go, by the way? Let's see if Harrison picks up or his partner. So, just looking at the units. It looks like they did a little LVP on here on the flooring. Standard kind of tan. Yeah, they haven't been updated at all. I mean, they're looking a little little rough. A little rough. Um, which is why Okay. Which is why what they're saying here is you can come in here. Okay. And you can take it right from this income of 235 up to, you know, 367, $130,000 increased, right, revenue by renovating the buildings. So, it's really it's a value ad play. I mean, they're saying the cap rate's currently here. That's cool. Interesting. It can go up to there. That's amazing if that's the case. Um, but we'll chat about it. Uh, I think I'm going to be submitting an LOI on it on this property right here or the other one you were talking about. A different name. Okay, cool. Yeah, these are very original but very cool. Um, taking a look at it. What I want to do is let me scroll up here. So, it's in Jackson, Tennessee. So, if I come back here and I'm going to close this, I think. Yes. So, I want to go to the map. Got it. So, a little smaller town. So, you'll see what I'm going to do with the broker on the phone. And the whole point is I'm guessing so they this is a property that's kind of suburb, right? Suburb of Nashville. That's why I was kind of panning out, right? and you got Memphis is closer. So, I'm going to ask him kind of like where are you guys based out of, right? And kind of build some rapport that way and just kind of I'm going to you're going to see how I'm going to empower the broker with some Q&amp;A by asking them some questions about the market and about the areas and where some things are at to empower the broker to build the rapport, right? To let them talk, right? Let them talk. um and not me, more about them because then by the end of the conversation, he's not going to realize that he likes me and he's like and I get off the phone like I think I like that guy and I don't know why. I just feel like he understood me. That's because of the way I'm going to ask the questions. Um okay, let's see if they'll pick up. Let's give it a run. So, you called Harrison. I'll call Harrison, too. Do 61579. Hold on. Make sure this is on. Do not disturb. Cool. 5792147. Okay, here we go. This Harrison Hey, Harrison. Uh, this is Justin Brennan. I'm with Brennan Pulley Capital Group. I'm calling on one of your properties. I don't know if it's two being sold together. It's the the ones out in Jackson, the 36 unit. And then is there another one out there with it as well? &gt;&gt; We do have another deal out there. Yeah. So, we've got an 18 unit deal out there. Uh, so yeah, we've got the 36 and then we've got the 18. Uh, they're being sold separately. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. Yeah. I wasn't sure if they were together or separate. Um, okay. Yeah, I'm kind of looking I'm looking in the Tennessee market in general, uh, with our group, whether that's out of Nashville, even maybe Memphis. I know this one's a little closer to Memphis. Um, do you guys represent properties in those major markets or are you kind of in the Jackson area? &gt;&gt; No, we do all throughout the Southeast. Pretty much all throughout the Southeast and all through Tennessee. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, yeah, this one's interesting. I know it's it's been on about 50 days, but you it was showing I guess it's really a value ad because they're they're pretty original looking. Um, &gt;&gt; right. Yeah, they renovated a good bit of them. &gt;&gt; How many how many are renovated versus &gt;&gt; 12 out of 36. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, about a third of them are renovated, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Okay. And are they and they're getting those new rents uh on the renovations on the like the 850 range or are they still down in the the lower range? &gt;&gt; There's there's a couple on the 800 range. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, because it it was just attractive when I saw it. It showed current cap rate about 8% and then obviously being able to take it up much higher than that. I mean, I know it's on an kind of an outside market. Um, right. &gt;&gt; What are your thoughts on that area in general? So, I really like 36es. There's a uh there's like a storage facility being built directly across the building. You've got the you've got the university uh right down the road and then they're building this new uh industrial plant uh like right down the road too. So, &gt;&gt; so there Yeah, there's jobs coming in the area. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. and like that place stays rented out. Um, so I think it's a good one. U, we've had a lot of good activity on it. Um, &gt;&gt; do you have any offers yet? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, we've we've got a group that like we're really close to going that we're really close to going under contract on and &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Uh, so we're Yeah. So, we're kind of working. &gt;&gt; Is there Is there still time if Sorry to interrupt you. If if somebody had some interest, is there still time or is it kind of &gt;&gt; maybe time? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then if this &gt;&gt; we are very very close with them. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; I will say. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, then that's fair. I mean, whether this one works out or another one. Yeah. Because I'm I'm looking in in that market. Do you guys have stuff? I know you have everything on Crexy sometimes, but do you have things you're working on maybe behind the scenes on some BOVs? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. that comes that stuff comes from time to time. Have you seen our team website that like has I think we've got like 20 deals listed all throughout the Southeast right now? &gt;&gt; Uh, not yet. I mean, is that um is everything that's on there also on Craigslist or some stuff kind of pre-market? &gt;&gt; Uh, I'd say it's like some sometimes they can be premarket like Craigslist. We just throw up all our deals on there. Um, like I I don't really think Craigslist is like the best marketing tool. Um, so so like we've just got like our team. We've got our team website and like &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it just kind of lays out our deals better, right? Like just like &gt;&gt; it's got like what we have listed. It's got um &gt;&gt; like all the Just let me shoot this over to you. Um &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What' you say your name was? Uh, my name's Justin Brennan and I can give you my email, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just shoot this over to Yeah, man. Uh, I like that deal. And then we also have an 18 unit listed in Jackson as well. &gt;&gt; Okay, awesome. Yeah, I'm probably going to be out there in the Tennessee market here in about a week or so. Um, going to be touring some areas, maybe even this one. Um, yeah, love to connect with you guys. guys. I mean, whether it's this deal or another deal, you know, some other ones that are coming up. I mean, we're going to be buying in the market. I'd love to buy through you guys if if we can find some opportunities. &gt;&gt; Totally. Yeah. Um, so you guys are based out of California. &gt;&gt; We have an office in Texas and San Diego. So, Austin, Texas, and then San Diego, California. &gt;&gt; Okay. Have you guys been active this year? You guys just started to ramp up? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we I mean, so we do smaller and bigger deals. So, we actually closed on 144 unit in College Station uh earlier this year in February. And then, you know, we're just seeing a decent amount of activity in these kind of midsize deals in the, you know, 10, 20, 30, 50 unit type complexes. So, we're kind of looking in that space, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Right on, man. Well, hey, thanks for calling me. I just shot you that text and then I'll get you in our email distribution, too. Let us know when you're in town, man. Let's uh let's grab some lunch. &gt;&gt; Would love it. Yeah. Appreciate your time, Harrison. We'll we'll be in touch soon. &gt;&gt; Sounds good. Thank you, Justin. &gt;&gt; You bet. &gt;&gt; All right. There was number two. He's a cool dude. Uh so I know Anak you spoke with him. Um you've been working with Harrison. Yeah. Pretty sharp guy. And you could see from the conversation they handle multiple states. He said the southeast or kind of Tennessee is not the southeast, but you get the point. So they work on a large team and they handle multiple states. So the point being behind that is if you get in with one of them and you build the rapport and you see how I did that where I'm like, "Hey, I'm going to be out there next week. Going to be touring some areas. Would love to connect with you guys. This is what I'm looking for." Whatever. I didn't get into crazy detail. Just trying to tee it up. Just trying to tee it up. And a lot of this Q&amp;A is on that video too that's in your portal uh where I've done the same thing. Um and then I'll even what I'll probably end up doing from this too is we'll splice out this section of calling the brokers from this meeting today and we can also put that up in a video format so that way it just has two calls like calling brokers and we'll have two calls on there. That sounds good. Um, so that's that kind of so you kind of get the point behind it is I'm not uh I'm not thinking too much about it. You know, repetition is everything with it. I understand everybody wants to try and be perfect before you get on the phone and and all that other stuff. And maybe you can go ahead and I think I did it probably for the first time I ever did it is I kind of wrote down some just not so much questions but summary things I'd want to touch on for the first couple times I called the brokers because it was my first time and I was nervous probably like a lot of you and I just didn't want them to think I was a right? Probably like a lot of you and I get it. But listen, worst thing that could happen, like if I were if I were super nervous, right, and I was scared to death to call a broker, honestly, what I would do is I'd go on Craigslist and I would pick the the crappiest broker I could find from the crappiest brokerage just simply as a practice run, knowing full well that if I completely explode in and moronic on the phone, it doesn't matter anyways. I'm not calling a Marcus and Millichap or a Newark or any of these bigger guys, bigger brokers. I'm gonna call a little Timbuktu broker that's out in Timbuktu and it's not going to matter whether I completely am a or not. It's not going to matter. So that way you can get a little bit of a dry run if that helps to give you confidence uh to get over a little bit of maybe of a hurdle that you're holding on with. Totally get it. I totally get it. Um, any questions on this so far? And then I'm going to finish off here. I want to bring one of you up on here to kind of Q&amp;A with me on this deal behind me and and do that. Um, but that was kind of the broker side of it. I see Angelica's still on here. Does anybody else want to come up here and and role play? Role play with me. Uh, David says, "How would you recommend I answer the vetting questions like how many doors do you have or how many deals have you closed this year? Uh, I've gotten a handful of the handful of SFRs, but no multif family." You would tell them exactly that. You'd say, "Hey, I'm a newer multifamily investor. I've done some single family stuff getting into the multifamily space. I've actually not closed yet this year on a multif family, but this is why I'm starting in the smaller space, John Broker. Like, lean into that. Totally fine to answer that question. And I'm going to I'm going to copy this one so that way I can address that one directly. I mean, I think I I've addressed it on the um uh the 10 questions brokers will ask you because this is definitely one of them. But I like the way you asked it. And so in response to that, I would just say, "Hey, John, broker, look, I've done a little bit of single family, some rentals and stuff like that, fix and flips or whatever it may be." Or, "Hey, people I'm partnered with are in the multifamily game. We're doing deals together. I have not closed on one yet this year, but that's why I'm starting smaller in this 10 to 30 unit space, John Broker, because we're not going after big deals." But we've set up the market, connecting with brokers like you, property managers. we have set up in the market, construction crews and the lending and the financing. So, we're getting everything in a row so we can actually close and we're staying smaller for our first couple deals in this market. They'll totally get it like cuz that which is why you don't go call on a 50 100 plus unit deal because that response would not work for the big dogs. That response works for the 10 to 30 unit stuff because they're all dealing with newer investors just like you. They Harrison and all they get calls by people that probably literally just woke up out of bed, right? But then they get calls from people that do have some, you know, head on their shoulders. Granted, you may not have a track record. Most people in this space that are doing it do not, which is why you're starting and we're getting you into this 10 to 30 unit space because that is a great entry point as a newbie or newer investor where you can actually get a deal or two done. Now you have the track record and then you use us as your strategic partner and they can look at our track record. Now let's rock and roll. You see that? That's how that works because I I get the whole newbie novice this that up down. That's why you're starting here very specifically for that exact reason because you can work around that to get to that first and second deal. And then once those first two deals are in, now it's rock. Let's go. Let's go. Um, cool. Uh, Inox said, "I had a broker ask if, uh, I'm mostly looking for equity or cash flow. Which strategy is more attractive to investors?" Uh, both. But cash flow, cash flow, cash flow. Always cash flow first. Things have to cash flow. They have to cash flow. If it were three years ago and you were in a crazy rising market and all this appreciation was happening and you could buy something this month and two months later it was worth a half a million more, then you could play the equity game because you would just ride up the profit like fix and flips and that's it. It's a cash flow game. The whole purpose for multifamily. And the reason why I even got into it was because I watched my dad do the build and sell game his entire career. And he made a gob of money, but he also got caught in market cycles. And our family income and his income would literally mimic real estate cycles, right? Get rich, get poor, get rich, get poor, get rich, get poor. So I sat there going, "Huh?" Like, I see the awesome parts of it, but man, those downturns are just nasty. And then the 2008 financial crisis finally got him after four market cycles. That was it. That was the that was the the tipping point. And so I learned why go through that stress. Why not buy something that's an existing asset that's cash flowing from day one? You're getting the appreciation with it. You can force the appreciation through value ad as well. And you get the tax benefits to avoid taxes for the rest of your life. And you're clicking coupons for you and your investors. And I understand you may not be making 400 million,000%. But if I'm making 30% a year on my money, which you do as a general partner or more, and then I'm wiping out my income taxes for the rest of my life and all my investors, and then I'm helping other people make 15, 18, 20% a year on their money, and all they need to do is trust me and come in and then let me roll and and run it. I mean, how cool is that? And you're buying an existing asset that's cash flowing from day one. We're not buying risk, right? These things have lower leverage on them. So, you have 60 70% loans, low leverage, fixed rate debt, cash flowing asset. Everybody needs shelter. I mean, I don't it sounds pretty pretty riskaverse and that's why I love it personally and I understand it's not as sexy, right? You don't go from zero to cryptozillionaire overnight, but it's nice and good, right? Nice and good. And then what that allows you to do, it allows you to go take some more risk. You know, I had a great conversation with a gentleman the other day, very wealthy guy, by the way, and uh his name is Jeff, and he may be coming into the community. He's out of Texas in Houston. Um, and I gave him my investing rule, which is the 40420 rule. The 40420 rule. And that is you have 40% of your money stuck into super conservative like CDs right trust you treasuries like non sexy stuff that earns you four five six 7% basically the rate of inflation and then you have 40% of your money goes into medium risk investments i.e. multif family real estate, right? Medium risk. And then you have the last 20% of your money that you stick into the angel investing hillaries, right? Because it may or may not work. It may work, it may not, right? I've been in a handful of those. I put uh we bought um just to give you an idea of one that works and one that doesn't. We put in uh about $50,000 about six years ago into a company called Boxable. Anybody heard of Boxible? Boxable out of Las Vegas, Nevada. And you can look them up. Booxbl. Booxbl. Boxable. I think that's how you spell it. Long story short is we bought it at 25 a share, right? And this is this is private company. 25 cents a share. They're now getting ready to go public as of last week at $10.50 a share. I mean, we're going to do all right. That that 50 grand is going to do all right. Now, other ones, we did an oil deal in Texas. I mean, that was a shoot for the moon, right? We thought, oh, we're going to make an oil. We're going to pump oil out of the ground. That was dumb, right? I mean, now, hindsight, it was dumb, but you know, it looked great, but that was a risk. It was a It was an angel Hail Mary, but that was 20% of the money. We weren't going in and being dumb with all of it. That's the point I'm trying to make. So with multif family, that's what you're doing. Um, cool. Uh, yes. And that's what you need to understand, the percentage return for the investors. Yeah, Angelica, the typical returns when you put these together on your analyzers and when you go on to that waterfall on the third tab, right, the third tab of that deal analyzer and scroll all the way to the bottom. And if you download the newest one, Angelica, because we uploaded a new version into the portal for you, uh you'll be able to go to the bottom there and actually put in an actual dollar figure that the investor may invest, 25,000, 50,000, 100,000, and it'll tell you exactly what their internal rate of return is, cash on cash, and then their ROI, return on investment, and it'll show it to you right there. So that way, it just makes it easier. So, if you're talking to somebody and they're saying, "Hey, I have 50 grand. I'm interested." Okay, cool. Oh, based on this about 15% a year, John, and you know, cash on cash that we'll be distributing quarterly to is about 7%. And but you only really want to talk in terms of the big numbers because at the end of the day, what investors want to hear is uh number one, the deal's secure, right? Like you're taking lowle leverage debt. You're not over speculating. So, you're being riskadverse, right? People protect the money first. Make the profit second. Protect the money first, make the profit second. That's what investors care about. Numero uno. Beyond that, you're you don't want to get crazy with the returns, but yeah, you're going to make between and I always put it in a range 15 to 20% a year on your money. 15 to 20% a year on your money. And we distribute cash quarterly because they want to know when they're getting paid. When do you need the money? How do we get paid? And when? When do I get my money back? Like that's pretty much the three major things with investors is when do you need the money, right? How long is the investment? So when am I going to get it back? How do you guys distribute the money and when? We distribute quarterly. Projected returns are 15 to 20% a year on your money. The actual cash flow that's going to be coming out probably around 7%. And then you get the upside when we go to refinance it or sell it. That's how you do that. But I'll go through that right now in the pitch deck. Okay. So you guys see this in front of me or behind me and we'll finish up here the last 10 minutes. Um disable talking. So let's do that. So now you guys can see me here. Okay. So when I go to pitch, you know, these deals, obviously this is a standard pitch deck, which you guys have the template on, right? You guys have the template on. And when I go through these things, does anybody want to come up and and chat with me through this and kind of role play or do you just want me to you just want me to go? Uh Chris, Chris want to come up? Okay, let's do that. Mr. Christopher Hill coming on up. One second. There he goes. Are you there, Chris? &gt;&gt; There we go. &gt;&gt; How about now? &gt;&gt; I got you now. &gt;&gt; All right, good deal. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; How you been? &gt;&gt; I've been good, man. How about yourself? &gt;&gt; Uh, hanging in there. Taking it one day at a time. &gt;&gt; There we go. One day is good, man. I say if you can wake up and you can breathe, be grateful for that breath. &gt;&gt; All righty. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Um, yeah. So, to give you a summary on this deal real quick, just so you know, so this is a 50 unit apartment deal in San Diego. We actually didn't end up doing this deal. Um, but this was going to be a condo conversion and so we are buying it. It's a 50 unit apartment complex that's fully mapped for condos and we were going to sell them and it looked really cool. Uh but then we got into it and unfortunately the financials just didn't work out, but great little deal in uh San Diego. So if you're kind of looking at this on your screen, so 50 units uh these are the sales prices of the condos, occupancy, all that stuff. So we were saying um our purchase price was going to be a $15 million if you can see that. Yeah, &gt;&gt; we're going to put about $4 million in renovations to get the things looking great and we needed to raise about 4 million to $5 million. Okay, so that's the like the raise on it. The returns for the investors look like this for you would look like this. Keep in mind this is a condo deal. So higher returns, a little more risk. So therefore, the returns are higher. Okay? So this would be like the offering for you. So if I were going through this and I was talking to an investor, the first thing that they're going to ask me is, hey, like how what's the minimum investment? &gt;&gt; So if you were going to ask me that, hey Justin, what's the minimum investment? My answer is going to be it's a minimum investment of $50,000. And they're going to say, when are you closing on the deal? We're closing in 90 days or whatever the date is. Okay, great. What are the type of returns that these things are seeing? Well, if you can see John or Chris from the pitch deck, &gt;&gt; your annual rate of return is about 30 to 35%. And then you may say, well, gosh, that seems super high. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. My response would be, well, yeah, because it's a it's a condo deal, meaning we're buying it as an apartment complex. We're renovating them, and then rather than just renting them out again, we're actually going to sell them individually to people. Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Because of that, of course, you have bigger profits. &gt;&gt; That's why the returns projections are bigger. Okay. Because of that, worst case scenario, though, Chris, we could continue to rent the property. That's like &gt;&gt; didn't work out and we just had to rent it out. We could do that &gt;&gt; or a mix, right? You guys could do a mix as well. &gt;&gt; You wouldn't want to do a mix because if you mix it up, then you're going to have a real problem down the road, right? I see ultimately you want to sell them out or just keep it as an apartment complex cuz doing what's called a broken condo conversion, which is what you're talking about, and I'm sure you've seen some of those where, hey, it's it's a condo complex where you can buy 20 of the 50 or 20 of the 80 or whatever that may be, but you're in a condo complex that has an HOA. You don't want to do that because you have very little control and you can get into trouble in those scenarios. &gt;&gt; So that I I you want to avoid those just because if you go buy 20 units in a 50 unit complex, you have no control. If they decide next week that they want to paint things turquoise, like you're up shit's creek. You see where I'm going with it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's why you wouldn't do that. But based on this, you know, your equity multiple is 1.7ish. Meaning, hey, if you invest 100,000, Chris, I'm going to give you $170,000 back. That's basically what that means, 1.7. You're going to get a 8 to 10% preferred return, Chris. So, what that means is your baseline return is 8 to 10%. So that gets paid to you first before there's any profit splits between us and you as investor. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Okay. And that's annually. That's annually. Okay. That kind of runs through that. And then this kind of breaks down your actual investment. &gt;&gt; My question then Justin would be then what's what's the whole period when you said annually? So how long would you guys be proposing or projecting? &gt;&gt; This one's faster. It's a 24-month investment. &gt;&gt; Okay. We're gonna be in and out of this thing in 24 months because we're going to go in, we're going to renovate all the units as you know, we're moving people out. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; We'll be in and out of this thing in 24 months. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, your equity multiple, like we said, is 1.7. You have an annual rate of return of about 30 to 35%. You get a preferred return of 8 to 10%. Your profit splits, you're getting 60% of the deal. So as general partner we're taking 40 you as the investor get 60% of the deal. Okay we're raising about 4 and a half to 5 million. Usually your next question would be how much have you raised already. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. Of this four and a half to five. And I should be able to have some sort of an answer for that somewhere between, hey, I got, you know, we got a and the way that I would work on that because you'll get this maybe if you're just starting off and you haven't raised any yet. You'd say, hey, I actually have some soft commitments for about half of that right now. We're just bringing all that in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Most of Yeah. You you would kind of like lean into that into like the front part of your conversation, wouldn't you? &gt;&gt; Correct. Because, you know, it's like it's a psychology thing. No investor want to be the first ones in. Exactly. Exactly. Hey, I've already raised X of X, right? And I'm I'm really trying to push for, you know, 10 more investors to get us over the finish line. &gt;&gt; Correct. So, the way you work around that as somebody talking to someone like you, is I'd say, "Hey, I actually have soft commitments for about half of that, John. We're just bringing on all the hard money right now, but now is the go time, right?" But keep in mind, Chris, we do not risk your money at any point until we're ready to close. So if somehow this thing doesn't close, you get your money back. Okay. But it comes into the bank account, so we're ready to go. But we use our money first before we risk the investors. That sound okay? &gt;&gt; Sounds good. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Because we don't risk yours. So if the money comes in, it sits in our account for the specific deal. And then if for whatever reason we don't close on it, we're going to wire you that money back. And that's all in the legal documents, by the way. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Yep. So that hopefully takes away this uncertainty that maybe an investor would have about sending money in and then what if you don't close and what if this and what if that and the world comes to an end. It sits in the bank account specific to this property. So it's not like comingled in some weird account in Timbuktu. It's in that specific account for that property. In the event that it doesn't close, we wire the money back. Okay? Because we do not risk your money as an investor until we're getting ready to close. Right. &gt;&gt; You guys have that in in uh in escrow. &gt;&gt; Say that again. &gt;&gt; You guys have it in escrow. &gt;&gt; Correct. Okay. Got it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Properties in escrow. Obviously, we're doing some due diligence right now. So, as the general partner, the only money that's put out is for some of the inspections and stuff like that. Yeah. Uh and then Angelica you said as an investor uh how do you receive that 35% that comes through cash flow and profits right when we sell in this case sell each condo right so you get cash flow coming out that's essentially your preferred return and then when we sell each condo just like selling a house there's going to be a you know a profit spread net proceeds that comes out to pay you your percentage of the deal and that comes Justin, real quick, when when you were breaking down, and I appreciate Angelica's uh question there on that two-part piece, the the sale piece, I I get it, right? Like you're going to sell a condo and then from that condo, you guys were selling for how much each? &gt;&gt; Uh about 530,000, &gt;&gt; right? Boom. So from that, that's where the what was it? Is it 6040 7030? &gt;&gt; Correct. Yep. So the way that like kind of call it the waterfall again, right? The waterfall payout. We got to pay the bank first so that they get paid and then the proceeds no different than paying off a loan. The net proceeds after the loan get split 6040. &gt;&gt; Got it. Now the other part to I think her question is the cash flow during the whole period as you guys are renovating and as you guys are preparing to sell in the sales cycle. &gt;&gt; Correct. Yes. Yeah. Right. It's a great question. So for the first pro I think we have a season period in here. For the first six months there is no cash flow coming out. It's acred, but it's not &gt;&gt; until we start turning the units because it's going to take us six months for the initial ramp up. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; And all the cash flow starts pumping out. &gt;&gt; There it is. Awesome. I appreciate it. &gt;&gt; You'll have a six-month delay in there in this particular deal before the cash flow starts coming out. On a typical deal, just so everybody knows, and even really any of your investments, you'll want to go at least a quarter, maybe two quarters before you start your distributions to the investors. The reason why is you want to build up a little bit of a war chest. Does that make sense? And you you have a right to do that, and it's in the legal documents to do that. So, you're kind of building up a six-month war chest, and then distributions begin to go out. Does that make sense, Chris? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay, sounds good. &gt;&gt; And everybody should probably try and do that. We always advise at least one quarter and then do it, but ideally two quarters. Six months. Six months. Um, got it. So, 60% of the cash flow from the income comes to my account every six months. Uh, no, every three months, Angelica, every quarter. Every quarter. Correct. So when the cash flows keep being distributed, we distribute every quarter. I would love to get to the point where we distribute every month. That's a serious accounting. &gt;&gt; That's a serious accounting deal. So we don't do that. Every quarter is very standard and that gives you the ability and the time so you're not having to have crazy accounting, right? Yeah. So, and I know we're past time here, but just kind of running through this and we'll catch up on this next Tuesday as well, going through this so I can walk through the pitch deck in Q&amp;A with you guys. That way, you can present properly to investors. Okay. Um, so I appreciate that. But yeah, you would go through this kind of sheet. You wouldn't go through the whole pitch deck. You're just going to go through the main things that they may have questions on, which really pertain to their money. Right? And if I'm giving you this money, once again, when do you need the money by? What's the projected returns? When do I get my money back? I mean, those are the biggest three biggest three. And then, do I like the deal? And I'll review this pitch deck. Meaning, if I'm an investor, this, keep in mind, this thing has already been sent over to Chris or anyone. They've had a chance to review it, which is why we're actually having this phone call is because you happen to have some interest. So, you've already looked at this. Now, we're just going to go over some detailed Q&amp;A. And that's what this is set for when you're having that call. Okay. So, okay. Yeah. All the fun stuff, man. The stuff you get to learn. But we'll go through this again. I'll even do some more broker calls, but I think I want to stick to the investor type presentation side of things uh for the next week to go through that. So, that way you'll feel more comfortable number one uh understanding really the investor side of it. I mean, we've talked about how you attract the investors in. Now, we need to talk to, okay, once you've got them in, how do you walk through the actual financials or the important things for them? So, we'll go through that. Okay, let's rock and roll. Bye, everybody.