Hello, hello, hello. Come on in. I see everybody coming in here. Very cool. How's everybody doing this morning? Or I should say maybe afternoon for you if you're the East Coast. Chime on into the chat. Hello. Hello. Kind of coming on in. Perfect. I see you got Brian. Ha. Christopher, good to see you. Don, you got Kelly and Michael. Good to see you. Miguel Paula as well. Awesome. So, we'll get everybody coming on in here. Beautiful. Uh, we'll wait for everybody just a couple like a minute or two and then we'll kind of get going. Um, and I didn't have that graphic to bring up here today, so I'll write it up on the board. But, um, everybody can hear me. Okay. Just want to make sure that and then if we need to bring you up, we'll have the the microphones and stuff, too. So, perfect. Um, very cool. So, let's talk about uh because you got the different stages. I want to put this up here and then I'll I'll have the other graphic up next week. I was trying to bring it up on the board. You guys can see that. Okay. In the red, so that should be fine. Awesome. Okay. So, you know, you got the onboarding there. We got the business three. Uh, oops. Five. You guys can see that down there. There you go. Right up in there. Okay, beautiful. Good to see everybody. Come on in. All right, we got everybody in here now. We got John in here. Luis, good to see you again, sir. Happy New Year. Um, Sandon, good to see you. We got Tony in here. Beautiful. Rock and roll. All right, we got AI assistants recording everything. Um, yeah. So, before I kind of just start chatting and stuff, you know, what part of this because that's kind of this road map written up here, but um I'll have the graphic up next week when we do it. Is there a specific portion of this that you guys would like me to go over with today? Um, you know, most of you, you know, if you're brand new coming in, obviously you're in the part of, you know, onboarding and then getting the business in a box set up, you know, that being your LLC, CRM, website, all of that in place. And that's all kind of happening concurrently with, you know, selecting your markets. And, you know, when selecting the markets, as you all know, you kind of you're going to choose three, right? three states, right? Three states and then you whittle it down to one. So to give you an example with um with Brian or Doug or a few others, you know, just recently is, you know, they were looking in Florida, Georgia, Tennessee, and a few others, right? So they were kind of, you know, they had Tennessee, they had Florida, and then they also had you Georgia, right? So they kind of looked at those three. They put it into the chat GBT, our mentor AI, and looked at some other data points. Really focused on, you know, population growth, whoops, job growth, and then median income, right? household income because those are the three main metrics that you can use the AI for to help you derive down and then from that you know they were able to select that okay Tennessee is going to be our main market to really start looking at deals. So that's the market selection here. And then you go in and you start establishing relationships with the brokers and you use Crexy. As we all know, you're not going on LoopNet or Crexy to actually find deals. Sure, you can use it to do some basic underwriting, start the process. That's fine, but you're really there to go through scrolling to see, okay, what logos, what commercial real estate broker logos are popping up? The other great thing you can do, right, and I wanted to show you guys this. Let's see if I can get the prompts to pull up here as I'm getting the new Google Drive located in here on this computer. Of course, it didn't want to load before. Um, so hold on one second here. I already got that good there. But I want to show you guys this. And I'll share my screen so you guys can see this. But if you're coming into the AI, right, our multifamily AI, uh, you know, help me find a market to invest in. There's some predetermined things there. You also can have it um, and there's a prompt for this. If you guys go into your backend portal, all the prompts are in there, okay? All the prompts. You could actually just copy and paste that prompt right into this thing. Uh, inside of the mentor AI thumbnail, you'll see the prompts in there. One is for locating commercial real estate brokers. And it has the exact prompt for it. And let's go into Memphis. Is it two ends? I'm gonna totally run. Yeah, it's got to be going wrong. There we go. Tennessee. Got it. Um, find me small uh brokers, not just the large brokerage firms. So, see what it starts with. Let's see what it starts with. Yeah, we know Kushman Wakefield. We don't need I mean that's fine. Um so I'm going to and then I'm going to So the prompt would be the best one. Uh I want brokers focused. Whoops. in multi- family. Oh, it's not done yet. It's giving me the list first. Hold on one second. Going to keep going here. Um, there we go. The multif family group. I know them. Hobs Realy, Boil Investment Company. Obviously, you got CBRE, Bcadia, that's all fine. Um, yeah, these are all good. And then you can click on those links and it'll take you like even the multif family group should take you straight to their website. Um, but these guys are good. They do a lot of stuff there in the middle market. Um, so those guys are good to to do business with. Um, but it'll give you all their details and then you can try and find some phone numbers and stuff too with actual names of the brokers inside those firms. But once again, if you pull up that prompt and paste the prompt in, that'll get you to the actual details you need quickly. Um, but yeah, give you an example of how that works. Um, and let me see. Brian, are you on here? Yeah, you are. Uh, I think this should work. Although, we have a little different setup here um that we just did with the computers in here. But if I bring you up, you should be able to speak. Everybody should be able to hear you. And to kind of reinforce what we were chatting about yesterday, uh, about how your conversations with some local Memphis brokers went, uh, and how, you know, it was a two, three minute conversation and how that came to fruition. Are you okay to share that? Chime in the chat and I'll bring you up. Okay, cool. Let me It's going to give you the ability to talk here in just a second. Perfect. Everybody hear me? &gt;&gt; Yeah. You may want to talk louder so that way uh we got the uh the mic or the thing set up here today, but we'll we'll have a better setup here for next week. But go ahead and chat. &gt;&gt; All right. So, basically uh we chose Memphis or I chose Memphis for my market. Um I'd been reaching out to Okay. Can you can you hear him at all? Okay. All right. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; So, uh, chose Memphis. Like I said, I was doing some phone calls. I actually reached out to this broker a couple weeks ago when I first, um, had reached out, was looking at property, um, did the deal analyzer, and it just wasn't making any sense. Um, but I know we're using the, you know, onmarket deals to get to the offmarket deals. So, hit him up. Um, had like a two-minute conversation. Said, "Hey, what's really going on? I'm new. I play the dumb role. I'm new. um don't know what's going on because I am. So, it's not really a role. It's true. Um and you know, I want him to kind of feel sorry for me and help me out and learn along the way. And so, I told him, "Hey, I'm new. I'm not getting it. Am I am I missing something or is there something here?" And so, then that just opened the door. Um and he started telling me, "Yeah, this is actually um a two partner deal on the property you're looking at. One partner wants to sell, one partner doesn't." Um he's like, "So, you know, where are you at?" Like, blah blah blah blah blah. So I kind of tell them, hey, here's what I did by using the deal analyzer and using chat the chat GPT analyzer. I came up with a unit price of that would be doable about 71,000 and would make sense cover the DCR the everything right that we know how to do. And so I told him, hey, I'd be I'd be a buyer right at about, you know, somewhere around 73,000 a unit and it was up for I think 101,000 a unit. He goes, yeah. He goes, honestly, that's kind of what the market's telling me um that it'll support. we've got some really good local offers between the 70 and 80,000 range um that went in and they didn't take. He goes, "Can I float that verbally?" He goes, "You don't have to send over an LOI, but can I flirt that float that verbally to my clients just let them know that, hey, reaffirm this is where the market's at." I said, "Yeah, sure. No problem." Um and then we keep talking. He asked him where I'm from. I tell them, you know, hey, I'm from California. He knows the town I'm from. And we start talking about that. Totally probably about a fiveminute phone call. But it was amazing cuz by the end he goes, "Hey, I'm going to have some things coming in the pipeline." I also told him we were coming out and set a meeting with them. Um but he goes, "Hey, I'm going to have some things coming in the pipeline um that are, you know, that are offmarket. I'll have you, you know, I'll get them to you as one of the you'll be one of the first people that I offer these deals to." So, literally a 10-minute phone call with a broker turned into an amazing exactly what Justin teaches about getting using on market to get to offmarket. Um and for me, like I said, I I played the dumb role, which I am, so it worked out pretty well. Good. Yeah. And um to answer your question, Michael, because I saw that come in around um the broker is getting you the information. So, it depends. So, if it's [clears throat] a property that's kind of either on market or almost on market, yes, the broker should have the financials. They should probably have an OM put together, which is an offering memorandum. It's kind of just a nice sexy, you know, [clears throat] flyer piece on the property. And then they should have a T12 and a rent roll. Um, if they're if the broker's planning to list the property, maybe it's not listed yet or it is on market perhaps. Either way, the broker should have that info. The only way they wouldn't have the info is if they're just in the very beginning stages with the seller and they don't have the listing yet signed or if they're just out there trying to find deals and they don't have any deals yet, right? So, it depends. So, Michael, answer that for me. Is like the the agent that you're working with or whoever it is, are they trying to rep you as a buyer's agent, but they don't list properties? Is that kind of the issue you're running into? Because that could answer the question. um if they, you know, if they're not, if they don't really have any deals and they're trying to rep as a buyer, cuz I know they were trying to have you sign an NDA or a a buyer broker agreement, as they call those. Um, so if you know, if they're if they're a broker that doesn't have any current listings, then you need to go find brokers that do. So that's kind of the difference and that's why you use Krexy or Loopnet or in this case um the AI right because what I would be doing right and this is how I would be using it and you know kind of coming back to the AI because you could use Crexy for that and and get a list of them as well. Um, but then you can also come back in here to the AI and you could say, um, um, give me, you know, 10 Let me see if it'll do this. Let's see. Let's see. Haven't tried this one before, but it should bring up uh the agents, but then Gotcha. Got it. Yeah. So, between that and then going on Crexy, right, you can get a list here. Oops. Don't want that. Um and same thing in there, right? And if I went into multifamily apartments, Memphis, Tennessee, and obviously I could, you know, doodle it down further than that, but like 61 unit. So you see how when you're coming through here, you see Woodward. See Woodward again. I don't know who that is, but Memphis something. But Woodward again. See, it's telling me right now what Woodward is a broker. They do deals. I got three logos from them already. Fourth right there. You got Pinnacle. These guys now another one. Woodward again. These guys again. So I got CR C R Y Commercial and Woodward, right? Woodward again. I mean Woodward's all over the freaking Memphis place. Hence the reason. Do you know who um Brian was talking to? Brian, I see you still on there. Who are you talking to? &gt;&gt; Uh Worth Woodward. &gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. Say that again. &gt;&gt; Worth Woodward. &gt;&gt; Oh, maybe one more time. Sorry. You get the point, right? You followed the process. Called Woodward, the guy that runs the dang thing, and now he's got deals off market coming his way. Fiveminute phone call. Five minute phone call. So you see it again. Newman Realy Woodward again. I mean, so you can see and then you got CRE again. So this tells me that Woodward is like the guys in Memphis, Tennessee. And these guys, too. CRE. So I mean, they're all over the place. They're like white on rice. So, and then you got a couple here, a couple there, some other brokers. That's all great. So, what I would be then doing is I could come right back here to the Chad GPT and I could say, "Okay, give me the brokers at Wood Woodward CR and C R Y C I think is what it is." C R Y E like L. That's a weird name, but C R E Y L E I K E C R Y. Sorry, I can't even get it right. Uh, Woodward Kerry in Memphis, Tennessee. See what it does. Curious. Yeah, got it. Here's all their info and all the brokers there. Myers, Woodward. There's Worth. You got his number right there. David, Doris, Brian, all of them right there. And you can compile email addresses, LinkedIn profiles, onepage outright script for all of it. and they're all their locations of all the maps and everything. So, you get the point. You can kind of blend the two. And that's the beauty of AI now where we didn't have that, you know, two years ago, a year ago. So, that's the beauty of it cuz now I just did some, you know, quick run through of what's going on in Memphis. And I found out Woodward and these guys are the two be best brokers. Throw them in here and let AI help me out. And now I'm picking up the phone and dialing for dollars, but I'm going to use their listing. So that's that's the whole inlet, right? Because it's like anything. If someone called you as a cold call in a way and was just trying to sell you off the bat and didn't have a lure to use, it'd be a lot harder conversation versus if I'm calling like you know Brian and everybody here does and you're calling Worth and I'm saying, "Hey Worth, how's it going?" Hey, I'm calling you on your 71 unit over here, right? On marine residences. Looks like it's been on the market, you know, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Uh, tell me a little bit about that. Right. You're using that listing as a lure to bring down a wall, allow a conversation to happen where you're not asking anything from them. you're inquiring about a listing they have and then you're going to build some rapport and then as you can see as Brian was just alluding to after a fiveminute phone conversation a little bit of rapport was built. Well, now that broker, like anything, felt comfortable enough to say, "Hey, look, you're a cool dude. I'm a cool dude. You're a cool girl. I'm a cool. Let's do some business. I'll send you some stuff that I have coming up and looking forward to meeting you guys when you come out and this is really exciting. Thank you so much. Have a great day." Like, that's the whole process, right? Because as with anything in life, people do business with people they like and trust. And then and we can get into all the virtual stuff in the world. we want all the text messaging and all that, all the Zoom calls and that's all great, but at some point we got to leap out and go from, you know, this kind of virtual world into the real world. Hence the reason, you know, you go from the market selection to looking at deals, writing offers, meeting brokers, talking to brokers, all that stuff to then, okay, we're going to write some offers, but then, you know, we actually got to go out to the market, right? We're going to do a market trip and actually go out there if I'm not there currently and we're going to get on the ground and I'm going to meet all these brokers that I've been talking to. We're going to tour the neighborhoods that I've been looking at. We're going to meet property managers that we've been talking to. See if they have some local lenders that we can connect with. And then also your construction crews because that's your team, right? Your entire team is four people. Brokers, Oops. And I'll stop sharing this so you can actually see my screen here real quick. There we go. And then Got it. There we go. So, you know, you got your um your team that you're trying to create in that market. And this is really helpful because if you if you talk to the brokers and in any of the conversations we just had in Cleveland and other parts of the country and we're just straight up with them. We say, "Hey, you know, we've been in this market or we're coming new into the market, we're setting up the team because they'll appreciate that." Because a lot of times these commercial real estate brokers, they're getting called and hit up by every Joe Schmo that doesn't have their, you know, together. And so it's really nice when they get to run into somebody who's well trained, right? Has a knowledge of how the game works. And that way if you're new, you're not new, right? I mean, they understand you're new, but because you have learned some of this processing and know some language and some speaking, like they're going to be like, "Okay, I understand you're new, but you you know how the game works. This I mean, it's yes, it's your first rodeo, but not quite." And you have some people behind you that are guiding you correctly. So that way you you know a little bit and if you don't know you can figure it out. But the team is really full for it. You got the brokers, right? They are the gatekeeper. This is your number one gatekeeper because from the broker you're going to find property managers, you're going to find local lenders, right? Local lenders. This could be like a bank. And then from the PM, your PM is going to have your Renault guys. Renault/construction. Okay. And that's the team. Two, three, four. I mean, that is the team. The brokers are your gatekeepers, your lures in. They'll understand your PM companies. They'll understand the local lenders. That's how that's going to all work together. The PM companies are going to have the renown and construction crews because other clients whose properties they manage. They reno and they construct. So they lean on them, right? Maintenance guys, rena construction guys, people that fix the buildings. So the PMs have access to that. Right? Now, here's the cool thing. If you can build enough of a relationship with the PM, the PM also has access to deals, right? So, your deals are here and there, right? I mean, that I'm sure that makes sense, right? Because the PM, they're typically going to know if their seller is going to sell 3 months in advance. Because what'll happen is the seller will talk to the PM and say, "Hey, we need to get our financials and everything in a row. Needs to look cuz we're getting ready to sell it coming up. So, we need to make sure every our ducks are in a row. We also need to make sure we get the property cleaned up so it looks in its highest and best look for curb appeal units, all this stuff. So it's it's show ready. So the PM is going to know about deals coming to market three months in advance. If you can great relationship here, you'll get deal flow coming from them, too. Because they'll they'll and especially if you have a real tight relationship, they're going to be like, "Hey, Justin, listen. I know you're still looking for deals. You need to let them know, hey, I'm still looking for deals. I mean, I just got hit up on it the other day because we just sold a 31 unit deal, but I let our PM know. I said, "Hey, we're still looking for deals in this market." And he's like, "Actually, let me send you over a couple. We're still looking for deals, too. Maybe we can partner on another one cuz I got a couple that are coming up. Our sellers are getting ready to sell." And this could be an opportunity where you can go past the broker, PM has the deal, lock and load. So these are the ways to some of these deals. Does that make sense? Chime in in the chat just kind of if that process makes sense because that is your team in the market. Here's your number one person, number two person. Obviously number three is because you need the financing. You know, of course, we have lenders that are in our um you know, the our back end, right? So you get our lenders plus the local ones in the market and then you're going to have a couple renovation construction guys and your PMs, right, are going to be the relationship in to them. So when you're interviewing those PMs and talking to the PMs, it's like, "Hey, do you have any local construction renovation guys that your clients use currently to do their apartment buildings?" Actually, yeah. We know, you know, Jose and [laughter] we know Ricardo, right? You get you get the point, right? And they have all these teams, right? And people, but that's going to be your team. That is it. And once these four people are in place, you're going to feel pretty comfortable, right? Because one of the biggest fears and hurdles that most people have, especially if you're investing out of area, right, out of your backyard, is I need to have like all this in place, right? And if I don't then like I I'm I'm anxious. I'm I'm I'm fearful. I'm scared because if I get a deal like how do I how do I run it? How do I operate it? How do I have people in play? Right? And that's why all this stuff gets set up first, right? In every market we've ever gone into, broker connections, PM connections, local lender connections, renovation construction crews. So that way when deals start flowing, you actually get deals and you lock one up, you're not having to race to figure this out. You already have it kind of in in motion. And so that way it's going to make the lenders feel better cuz that way you can say, "Yeah, actually we have a couple renovation guys that are going to help with the rena. I have some local financing lined up as well as some local other lenders I can get lending quotes and financing quotes for." And that's another thing to kind of talk about and we'll hit up on it here because I'm just going based off some of the Q&amp;A I get. So, another thing you probably hear and get, especially if you're talking to the brokers and you're getting ready to ink a deal or you're close to inking a deal or you've written, right, an LOI is you're probably hearing this proof of funds, right? Proof of funds. Can you send me a proof of funds? First of all, that's great news. That means you're in the running for a deal. So, how do you handle the proof of funds if you need $1 million, right? Here's how this works. This is the reason why we set up all the website and all that stuff in advance because this is going to allow any broker to go to your website. They're going to see who you are. They're going to see the team you have in place. They're going to see that maybe you're related to us or in co, you know, co-artnership or strategic partnership with us. So, that's going to like, okay, these guys look like they have it together. They're newer, but they got some players involved here. Check. That's number one. So, it just brings confidence because the number one thing a broker cares about beyond you being a nice person and all that cute stuff. Can you close? Don't make me look dumb. Don't make me look like a dumb idiot to my client, my seller. So, we're going to do some DD on you to make sure that, hey, there's no guarantees you can close, but I'm going to like feel pretty good that you have your stuff lined up. So, let's go back to the proof of fund side of it. and how we're going to get through this objection that comes up. Okay, so this is how this goes down. Number one, the reason that we have you set up lender relationships in advance of getting a deal, and this could be the lender relationships in our system that you can go through and connect with, right, and reach out to them and saying, "Hey, I'm in Justin's community and blah blah blah. I understand you can't give me like a a um uh you know a fully approved lender letter now, but I'm buying properties in this range. You know, if I come to you, I'm looking in this area. Can I get some sort of a pre-quall letter? If I send you some financials, if I send you some financials on the property, can I get a little bit of a pre-quall that would basically say, you know, if it's a, you know, $2 million deal and I'm getting a $1.2 million loan and I'm bringing in 800K, right? For simple math, can you give me right a pre-quall letter or a lender letter stating based on the financials that I send to you about this deal, can you give me a yeah, if you meet the contingent upon you meeting these terms, we think we can give you a loan of 1.2 2 and that's typically about 70% give or take I'm just putting it in there of the purchase price. So now you can send this to the broker and say yeah we have a prelet set up for 1.2 million bucks based on certain parameters on the financials we shared with them about the deal that they're kind of ready to go you know presuming we meet these constraints. Okay. [clears throat] Boom. So 70% of your money is taken care of now technically. Now the 800. So you are going to send them your 10%. Hence the reason you need some capital in the game. So from the very get-go, right, we talked about, you know, people saying, "Oh, you don't need any money. You can do this." You hear all the gurus talking about this stuff. And I'm like, "Guys, you ha I understand the process, right? I mean, proof of funds because no broker is going to lock up a deal with you if you can't show them how you can close. So, the loan check, right? At least pre pre-qual check. 800K, you're going to bring in and show them a bank statement with 10% of the equity that you're presuming you need to bring in. That's your responsibility. You need to be able to show that. We've talked about that multiple times. Between you and or somebody else, you got to be able to show them the 10%. Then, right, the remaining 720, we have to show them how we could raise this. We may not have it yet. We syndicate, right? We always tell them, right? We syndicate our money. we syndicate our money and they're going to be like okay awesome have you raised money before? You'd say uh we have not but we have our team and our team has and all that stuff. So once again, it's a matter of getting through that that process of okay, you're new or a newbie, but you can raise the money, you have the money, you have some partnerships and people. Hence the reason, why do we do that business in a box up front? Why do we set up the CRM? Why do we have you guys put a list of people in there that are your soft commitments? Because when it comes to locking up a deal, you have to be able to showcase to the broker that, yeah, we syndicate our money, but we already have a list of people that we send things out to and blah blah blah, and we've already started that process of warming people up. And so, you're getting that soft commitments into the 720, right? Because of that CRM, the website, all that stuff you preset up before you got to this point in that road map. Now, it's going to allow this to happen a lot easier because you have the systems and processes already set up. You set that up when you first came in. Does that make sense? Put a thumbs up if this makes sense or if I need to kind of explain it a different way. Okay, great. Because that's going to alleviate this whole proof of funds thing, right? Because the whole purpose of the proof of funds, you don't need to have all the money. So, and don't let that stop people, but you do need to have the process in place that you've put in place for the money. Hence the reason, you know, why we do this. Get you onboarded business in a box. That's your CRM. That's your soft commitments. That's putting 25 30 people whether you think they have money or not is irrelevant. Getting the website set up so that way you look bigger than you really are right now and then you're attached to us as a strategic partner and you show your entire team as well. So it kind of gives you clout before you have clout because it's just checking the box. The whole point of checking these boxes is getting this set here. So that way down here when you start writing offers and you start getting into the process and you're about to go into this stage right here, you're about to lock up your first deal and go into contract. You will never get this done if this is not set up first because for the biggest reason for that the broker has to have confidence in this because what it really comes down to is where's the Dumbo? Did I miss the Dumbo? Oh, I Oh, I I erased it. I erased it. Yeah. Don't make the broker look like an idiot. At the end of the day, what he's what he's basically doing with this is saying, "Listen, I understand you're new or you're newer and maybe you haven't done this yet." Cool. Not a problem. Can you illustrate to me that if I give you this deal, you're not going to make me look like a to my seller? Basically, that's what they're trying to allude to. So, hence the reason why setting up the lenders in advance, it's part of that process. Very important. This way, you can get a pre-quall letter. And if the lenders say, "Oh, I can't give you a pre-approval letter." You're like, "No, no, no, no. I'm not asking for an approval letter. What I'm asking for is if I send you the financials on this property and you take a quick look at the underwriting on it based on that information and of course a bunch of contingencies that I understand you're going to have to go through. Can you give me some form of a pre-quall letter from you stating that yeah based on this information that I currently have and these constraints that we still need to get taken care of, I can give you a loan at 1.2. too. Based on all the pre-information that I have, we need a launch more, but based on what I have, I can give you this. So that way, cha-ching, 70%, that can go over to the broker because what that's signifying to the broker is, okay, they've talked with a few lenders. They understand the process. They have their lending preset up, even though we need to go through the whole process of the approval to actually get the loan. The pre- stuff's done. Check mark. Done. 70% of the money. We understand where that may be coming from. May be coming from. Now, let's talk about the equity. Well, I you need to show some cash either from you or from one of your partners that are in your company. Somebody's got to have some moola. And that's got to go over. That's the 10% which is why we always say you need to bring in 10. You need to show 10. And then you could show that, hey, we syndicate our 720. And they're going to ask, well, have you done it before? Do you have systems in place? Do you have investors you've worked with, people you've talked to? Anything that kind of gives me any level of confidence that if I give you the deal, you could maybe go raise that, right? You don't have to like have an absolute, but you need to be able to indicate that you have your together. Hence the reason for that. That's why we have the list of people in your database. That's why we have the CRM. That's why we have the website. It's why we have a lot of this team, right? You've selected your market. You've got your team in place. You have your people. You got the brokers. You got your PMs. You have your local lenders. You have some rental construction crews. So that way I can illustrate to the broker, listen, dude. done all my pre-work here. I understand it may be my first rodeo, but it's not my first rodeo because I have a team of people that you can see on my website. I have strategic partners that have over a thousand units. I have lenders that I've connected with. I have brokers like you have connected with. I've already spoken with the PM who's going to run the deal. And I already have some construction renovation guys who are going to be able to renovate the property. I'm ready to go. And I've already shown you that I got some cash, right? We got some cash. I already showed you that I have a pre-quall letter. I got, you know, 10%. So, really what we're talking about, Mr. Broker, and we syndicate that, by the way, and we have people ready to go for that, is raising the rest of the money. So, let's go. That's the whole purpose of it, right? It's to give confidence around that. And that's how you get around not having all the money. It's like you don't have it, but you do have it, but you kind of have it, but you don't. That's that's the whole premise behind it. So, I hope that helps because I know this is a big one that people kind of feel like they're running into a hurdle on. So, I wanted to try and connect the dots, right? Connect the dots for you so you understand that there's a rhyme to the reason, right? There's a rhyme to this reason for why we come through the process. And so in the back right where it talks about your road map and all the different checklists in that road map specifically around this stuff, that road map's really critical because if you get to try and get in a contract and you haven't set this up and you haven't set that up and you haven't set that up, then what's going to happen here is the broker is not going to feel confident and they're not going to give you the deal. You're going to lose it to somebody else who they felt more competent with. And it's not because you weren't qualified to do it. It's just the processes were not set up. So, hope that makes sense. Um, you're welcome, Sandon. Um, cool. Let me see real quick. Going through this. Good. Uh, great, Johnny, that you see that relationship. Yeah, it's really important because, um, yeah, it's just trying to connect those dots so you understand why, right? um why you're doing what you're doing in the um uh in the order in which you're doing it. That's really key. Um and there is that that uh rhyme to that. Okay. So, and that's bringing you through this process because yeah, you can do the onboarding quick. You got the business sweet market. We've selected that. Awesome. Now, we're starting to look for deals, build the broker relationships. Once that's in place, we can start writing LOIS and offers. And then once you start getting here, this is all set up that way start coming around and you can get a deal under contract because you already have a lot of this stuff in place. So that way when you get to this holy grail portion of, hey, you know, can you send me a proof of funds? Because what that means, right, when you get that from a broker, what that tells you is you're close. Like they're actually considering giving you the deal. And if you're in a multiple offer scenario, great. If you're if you're the only offer, great. Either way, they're actually considering you're going into contract. So now they're going to do their final checks, which is what they're really trying to get to. Can you showcase that you have some lender relationships? Can you showcase that you have some money? Can you showcase you can raise the rest? I mean, that's really what they're getting at. And if you can illustrate that to the broker and make sure that to the best of your ability, you don't make them look like a dumbass, you got the deal. You got the deal. You got the deal. Um, yeah, Johnny. Yeah. Understanding the broker perspective at the decision point makes a lot of sense. Yeah. It'd be no different than, listen, if you were trying to sell your home and you had buyers that gave you an offer, right? You'd probably talk to your agent, your broker, and say, "Hey, have we checked out that they can get a loan? Have we checked out that they got some money for the down payment or they can get it or any of that stuff? So that way if we agree to go into contract, which is legally binding now, that you know, we're going to sell it. It's hopefully not going to fall out of escrow. Listen, things fall out of contract all the time, right? Stuff happens. But you want to do as much as you can as as you would if you were selling your home as anybody else would. So, uh, Don Casper, I see your hand up. Do you want to come on here audio-wise if you're still in here? Yeah, I see you. Uh, let me allow you to talk there. Let you come in. &gt;&gt; Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; I got you. Okay, real quick. Uh, I think I don't know if Zach sent you that property I was looking at uh the other day. and unless is, you know, I ran into exactly what you just talked about about uh, you know, the proof of funds and um, which is great. Thanks for that info. And but um, so all five units, the broker told me she let all five tenants move out. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. I don't I have no idea. and she said it's it's um there's there's just pieces of this puzzle missing. I wanted to run it by you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, it's definitely She said um she made it she angled it that it was beneficial to the buyer, which okay, like I'm not real sure on how that works. &gt;&gt; This is a five unit property. Where's this one located at again? &gt;&gt; Orange. Really nice. Um, you know, it it's actually pretty clean there. There's a couple little things, maybe some kitchen cabinets, maybe some um just just very minor things if any to Ran off, but um she won't let me walk it until I show proof of funds. &gt;&gt; Okay. I mean, okay, fair. But yeah, so once again, it's the same type of scenario. So, you would have to speak to a lender, get a pre-letter that based on certain parameters, we could give you a loan for X, right? They don't they're not agreeing to the loan. They're just saying based upon, you know, these parameters of financials, we could give you a loan. That's it. So, that's check mark for 65 70%. Now, you got the remaining 30% of the equity. Well, you're going to show your 10% as with this. And then you're going to say, "Hey, will we raise the money through our partners for the rest?" If the broker does not understand that, cuz I'm guessing this is a five unit property, and I'm guessing this is a residential broker. &gt;&gt; I'm guessing &gt;&gt; I'm not sure if she's solely residential. &gt;&gt; Well, because there's no I mean, why did she say it's advantageous to let the tenants move out? &gt;&gt; I'm guessing because she's thinking renovations. I'm guessing. Okay. And and it was a rent control before and that no longer rent control. So &gt;&gt; it's no longer well I don't know about before but there's no rent control right now. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. And um &gt;&gt; yeah she's thinking from a reno perspective. So is this is this a deal that's because this is now hard money. So she now needs to understand that you can't get financing on it and the only financing you are going to get is from a hard money lender andor cash. That's it. So she has now forced that and because of that now it's going to change the financials on the deal because you have to account for hard money which is going to be 12 12%. you know, or more on your interest rate. And then you're going to get it renovated over, call it six, eight months, which you would probably six months. You could ren that five unit. And then you're going to have a lease up period. So you're going to need a hard money loan for 12 months and it's going to be at 12% and two points. And then you're going to refinance out of that, but you need to have it occupied and people paying rent and paying the new rent. So, you're kind of looking at it in two stages, and the broker needs to understand that. And I'm sure she does because that's she did it on purpose, but it's it's a it's a rena deal with hard money and andor cash. Someone's coming in with cash and that's how they're buying it. Uh or hard money, one of the two. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You can't get traditional financing on it. That's gone because she let the tenants move out. Um, and it would be a it would be a DCR loan, commercial loan anyways, which is fine, but they're still going to bank it on financials. So, because there's no financials now, because there's no rent, now it's straight hard money. &gt;&gt; Straight hard money. &gt;&gt; And, um, it's been on the market uh, believe over 200 days. So, &gt;&gt; Got it. Well, yeah, because she she she &gt;&gt; the broker did that and now has limited Is she the owner, too? No. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, yeah, because now she's taken the she's taken what was a much bigger buyer pool buyers is now she's shrunk it down because especially if they're trying to get a premium on the property. &gt;&gt; What would be the what would be the the advantage to that? &gt;&gt; Sorry to interrupt you. What would be the advantage to that? Everybody &gt;&gt; once again, did the broker do their homework? So, what is the thing worth? So, let's walk through this in your mind real quick. Um, simple math because we could do some top of the napkin stuff here real quick. What's the current asking price on the property? &gt;&gt; 750. &gt;&gt; What's that? &gt;&gt; 1 million750. 1,750. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; What would the rents be if it were renovated? Like all five units? Like if that thing were renovated, looking sharp, what could you get for the rents? &gt;&gt; Uh rents were &gt;&gt; just give me the total amount gross total rent of all. &gt;&gt; I have it written down. Uh, I don't have it in front of me, but it was somewhere around I think I came up with 13 I'm sorry, I don't have it in front of me. Um, &gt;&gt; 13,000 and change maybe. &gt;&gt; Maybe it'll be. Yep. &gt;&gt; All right, let's do 135 for simple math. And that's per month, right? &gt;&gt; Uh, yes. Okay, so $162,000 in gross potential rent GPR. Then we're going to take out, you know, 5% vacancy. And because it's a little five unit deal, we'll take out 25% expenses. So we'll take that out. So, $115,000 is your net operating income. And, you know, it's got to make financial sense. So, let's run it at, you know, five and a quarter%. depending on where it needs to go at. So that's the that's right. Yeah. 162 5% 25 115 over 5 and a4%. Although with your interest rate, yeah, you probably have to be closer to six. Never mind. Hold on one second. Right? So you have right, you know, right in there, right? At least showing based on this math if that's accurate. Right? You double check this. But this is what the value is after renovation, right? &gt;&gt; And this is between that's a six cap. If you did it at five and a quarter, it' be 425 / 0525. You could get it at one. That's for simple math. We'll just do 22. Pretty close. 22. So that's the value when you're done rening. So, you're going to buy it for a million750 hypothetically for a minute. How much rena do you need to do? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I didn't walk it. So, I I don't It's I don't know. &gt;&gt; You're probably you're going to be you're probably going to be 20,000 a unit, right? So, that's 100 grand, right? Or Yeah. 100 grand. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; You have 100 grand in rena, right? So, you're a million850 plus some closing costs. You're probably all in at a million nine for simple math. &gt;&gt; This is probably your all-in cost exit of 22. So on that million750, you'd probably get a million4 loan. So you'd have to come in with 500 grand give or take. That's that's your that's your money in. And then it's worth that. So at 22 presuming you know the financials would substantiate that pretty close. We'd have to back into it to double check times.7. So now you get a million5 loan, right? Million540 loan on your takeout. That's going to pay off this million4 loan. Then you're going to have an extra 140,000 in equity. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, that's how you would do it. And in now, what you're not what we're not accounting for in this is cost of financing, right? So, you're going to have to carry this for at least 8 to 10 months, right? 8 to 10 months. and a million4 loan times.12, you're at $168,000 in interest for a year, right? Divide that by 12, you're probably about 150,000 in interest, right? It's what it's going to cost you to get that loan and carry it, right? And you have no income to carry with that. So, right, there's no there's no revenue being generated by the property yet, &gt;&gt; right? So, you're carrying that. So, that's a cost on top of this. So, that's really another 140,000 of cost on top of that. Plus, they're going to charge you probably 30,000 in points. Plus, you'll have another probably 20,000 in fees. So, you see the problem we're running into. It's just the the profitability of it starts to change because she had everybody move out, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So that's why it's sitting. It's just straight math. And it's not that you can't do it, but this is not this is not syndicable, meaning you can't raise money for this thing, &gt;&gt; right? This has to be all your money because it's not a big enough of a deal and there's not enough margin in it because of the way it's been set up where the broker has kind of screwed herself or himself and there's not enough profitability to bring in partners to have any partner make any money. &gt;&gt; So you're going to have to lower your He's going to have to lower that 17. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The purchase price changes. &gt;&gt; I mean that's just there's no other way. That's correct. And so I guarantee if I showed this math to the broker, I mean, I don't know her skill set. Is she he or she? &gt;&gt; She &gt;&gt; she he Yeah, &gt;&gt; she she &gt;&gt; Oh, she she may not understand because maybe she's a residential broker or not really understanding the financials of commercial. I mean, I understand what she was trying to do and making it easil e more easily available to renovate the property. And I get that speed aspect of it she was trying to get to. But because there's no revenue now, you can't go out and get a DCR loan because that's what somebody would do is they'd go out and get a DCR loan. The smart thing, what what they should have done was get everybody on month-to-month leases, &gt;&gt; right? Meaning they would have if if they were thinking this through, they would have said, "Okay, we're just not going to renew anybody, we're going to let them go into month-to-month leases. So that way, we simply need to give them a 60-day notice in the state of California to move out and then we're doing substantial renovations. So we'll pull a small permit. So that way now legally in their SB bill 1482, we can actually force the tenant out to renovate the property and move the rents up. But they didn't think through that. She just thought, "Oh, I'll get the property vacant and then it'll be easier for the speed of renovation." Well, yeah, but you just kicked yourself in the in the nards because now, yeah, they can renovate it, but they can't now now you just took this this price and now maybe it's a million four property. So, you increase the speed, but you screwed yourself in price. I mean, congratulations. That &gt;&gt; brain cells right there. &gt;&gt; Well, she did she did allude to the fact that no uh that nobody's going to lend with the with the place vacant. &gt;&gt; She said you're you're going to have a hard time. &gt;&gt; It's going to be hard money. &gt;&gt; You're gonna Yeah. hard. &gt;&gt; It's gonna be hard. You said it's going to be &gt;&gt; and and even if I if I'm coming in even if I came in with cash even if I had a million five or million nine in cash &gt;&gt; right I'm not paying a million750 I'm still going to hammer you &gt;&gt; because I have to account for all these costs so there's a profitability at the bottom &gt;&gt; it's just it's 101 &gt;&gt; what they what they need to do and unfortunately now they're kind of screwed is they had all the tenants move out. There's no income coming from it. And I mean, what they would be smart to do is get everybody in there with month-to-month leases. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, I was just going to ask that. &gt;&gt; I mean, yeah, that's that's the smart move now is to get people in there, take this thing off the market and get it rented up or maybe get them in there with one-year leases and then don't renew it and look at it 12 months from now and then don't renew the leases. Let everybody get to monthtomonth and then you sell it. So now I can sell it to a buyer and you could tell the buyer, I mean, listen, we have month-to-month leases on this thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's what the seller did on the 80 unit that we bought in 2022, end of December 2022. The the attorneys and the and that was representing the family and the family, they let everybody at the property go on a month-to-month lease. So then when we came in to buy it, they were able to tell us, listen, we have all the revenue and nobody's moving anywhere because the the rents are so low. They're not going anywhere. It's not like they're moving out, but everybody's monthtomonth. So now you can give them a 60-day notice to move out. And that way you can do your renovations and plan them out. And then you can buy the property using a normal DCR loan and much easier, much cheaper. And then that way you can move through and you have revenue coming in while you renovate, right? And then you just stagger your renovations. You maybe do, you know, one a month. So it takes you five, six months to renovate using a DCR loan and then you have the whole property renovated within six, seven months and you use, you know, cheaper debt, cheaper everything to get there and the property stood on its own two legs. But they didn't do that. They kind of screwed themselves. So, do you um I mean it's hard to say exactly, but it just feels like they kind of really didn't know what they're doing in terms of um uh Okay, let me let me just get to the point. Where do you think I should go with that? Should I just throw a little I would I would literally tell the broker I mean I would back in I mean knowing these financials, right? You need to back into a price that actually makes sense. And I don't know if that's a million four, million, five, million six, whatever it is, but how you're going to do the deal, &gt;&gt; right, is that's why I asked you begin with the end. So what is this property worth when I'm done renovating? And we just figured out it's probably somewhere between a million9 to 22, right? Million9 to 22 is what it's worth when I'm done renovating. So let's just for simple math call it $2 million. That's what it's worth when I get done renovating. Okay, great. So, I can go get a loan at 70% on 2 million. So, that is $1.4 million. Is that right? Yeah. $1.4 million loan to take out, right? Whatever I can get now. And that's how we back into the numbers because you got to begin with the end. What is it worth when I get done renovating? And that's where I asked you for the rents. I took out about 30%, right? That's what I took out here. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Get to my NOI. Take that over five and a quarter to five and a half percent cap rate. Probably in California is fair. Get to what my value is. It's somewhere in there. Somewhere in there. And then based on that, I can go get a loan. So I can get a loan probably somewhere between a million4 to a million540. That's how I go pay off any debt I get now. Because if I have to go get a construction loan now, it's 12% and two points. You may get 10% if you're lucky somewhere in that 10 to 12%, two points, 12-month loan, you know, and you got interest, carry costs, and all these other things you have to account for, and you're just backing into it to make sure there's profitability at the end of the day. You know, when you're all I mean, you're going to be in it by the time you're all said and done. you're going to be in at $2 million, right? So that hence the reason you have to reduce the purchase price. &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. &gt;&gt; You see where I'm going with it? &gt;&gt; Yep. 100%. &gt;&gt; Because that's the only way if I back into all these costs where there's equity, there's profit at the end of this thing for me to take on the risk. Otherwise, you don't take on risk. I mean, we're not here for charity. Yeah, I mean maybe later you're there for charity so you can help people, &gt;&gt; but you have to make money to provide charity, right? &gt;&gt; So that's the whole point. &gt;&gt; I know we're a little a little over on time here, but I hope this helps and kind of people seeing kind of walking through this one. Um, and I see Kelly. Yeah, overlook deal analyzer share with you. Yeah, the low occupancy management property. Yeah, this is basically, you know, what you're dealing with even on that one in in Cleveland there is you just have, you know, you're you're going to have to have hard higher interest rate money for a period of time to then get to the finish land. So, we always look at what is it worth when we're done with it. If we rental this thing, raise rents, and get it to peak performance two years from now or a year from now, what does it look like? Right? So, there's there's different stages for that. So, very similar. Uh, this is just 100% vacant versus that one is, you know, uh, 70% vacant versus 100% vacant. Um, yeah, and I was looking at that one last night, Kelly, as well. So, we'll finish that up. Um, and then Paul, yeah, the property that was listed a year ago, so the financials are now a year old. Now, it's off market for the sale again. Yes, you can use those financials now because now they're they're seasoned as they call it. Seasoned financials. Yeah. So, all right buddy. I know we got to jump off. I want to be respectful of your time. But yeah, send us in you know questions and stuff you have even on on those deals. So, &gt;&gt; thanks helpful today. Kind of trying to connect those dots as to why we're taking you through that process and ultimately the broker's perspective, right? The broker's perspective in order to give you a deal. why they're asking for what they're asking for and then how you work through it, right? How do you get through that proof of funds thing? And it's really just a matter of making them feel comfortable that you have your stuff in a row. Even if you can't, you don't have all the money, you know how to get it. So, yeah. Cool. All right, everybody. Thanks, Don. Appreciate it. Thanks, Kelly here. &gt;&gt; Have a great Thursday. Yep.