What's up everybody? Happy Tuesday. Come on in. Make sure we get this recording here. Let everybody on in here. How's everybody doing? We got some good characters there. I like that. Very nice. Very nice. Me hide this over here and I'll bring this on screen. put up the chat. Everybody can say hi. Good to see everybody in here. Mr. Scott, how are you? &gt;&gt; Good. How you doing? &gt;&gt; Are you still up in New Brothel? &gt;&gt; Yes. It's a game. &gt;&gt; Nice. I'm about 30 minutes from you right now. &gt;&gt; Oh, really? We're going to go look for deals &gt;&gt; down in good old San Antonio. &gt;&gt; Nice. What are you doing over there? &gt;&gt; I'm actually on site at one of our our properties down here. Oh, okay. So, &gt;&gt; doing doing a check-in. &gt;&gt; That'll be me coming soon. &gt;&gt; That's right. Letting everybody in here. Um, so yeah, who would like to kind of go first and talk about maybe some I'd like maybe a win the last week and then what I want to do today is I'm going to bring a few of you guys, which are on here now. Uh, Christian, I know you kind of did, you know, the mock deal and the pitch deck and stuff like that. ible like to showcase that a little bit and then Kurt did the same thing. So kind of showcasing what I would love for all of you to do that you know you've come in you've set up your companies and stuff we've done that and then we've selected markets great and then we kind of come around we've started to develop broker relationships and getting out there and talking to brokers building that then if you have to do a market trip you know many of you have done that or you're getting ready to do that one of the two. Um, and then you get into the capital foundation side, which is critical in kind of warming up your audience and warming up people around you through this kind of mock process of, you know, the mock pitch deck, mock deal, uh, talking to the lenders, meeting some of the capital partners, all of these folks. So that way you can now warm it up to where once you actually get into a deal and lock one up, it's much easier to then convince the broker who's going to ask you, hey, you know, how are you doing your financing? And your response would be, well, I've actually already talked to a couple lenders and here's here's a um a soft quote that I've gotten from one of them that's already taken a look at the deal and analyzed it and here's, you know, here's a soft quote on their letter head. No problem. You heard last week from Anna and them that they would do that and many of the lenders will. And then so now that's the lending side. Now it comes down to the equity and that's why you do the mock deal because that's going to help warm up your audience who may not currently see you as a real estate investor and you're going to start set the tone for them now. So that way when the actual deal comes along, it's not so much of a like, oh, shock and off actor and then you're not trying to chase the capital to close the deal. You have some of it already warmed up. Okay. Um, so let me go and share that a little bit. You can kind of get an idea. Um, pull this down. And like on Kurts for example, he came in here and went ahead and did um set everything up, did his um specific landing page, you know, for the deal itself. And so this is it. 324 Northeast Third Street, 28 unit multif family investment deal in Idaho. And he put in all the details, couple photos. It's all done in the back end. This is all editable. It's all templated. uh some of the details about the deal. Obviously, I can click on this right here and I can download the pitch deck and put that right onto my computer and take a look at it and then review it. Um coming down here, some of the property highlights. And so what this is going to do is now you have a link. So I can take this link right here, copy paste that, put it into a note on my phone. And now when I'm running around talking to people, if I run into somebody like you the checkout register, which happens all the time, uh, backyard barbecue, church, whatever event, and they start talking about what's going on in your life, and you answer the question with, you know, I'm obviously still doing dentistry, but also multif family investing. And then the conversation goes on further and the next thing you know, they're like, well, dude, can you send me some information on something you're doing? Yeah, actually I can. Let me send you this link. take a look at it, right? And that's the whole purpose behind it because it's going to set in place a very professional look very quickly that oh gosh, like this is legit. This is not some hobby that they're doing. Um, so they click on this, they'll give you their information. This is all built into your CRM and this is your landing page that Kurt did on that. And then looking at kind of the pitch deck side of it. So this was Christian. He did this deal over here in Michigan on Lakewood. An example of the pitch deck. He came all the way through it and just set it up. This is all templated for you guys. And great great start coming in. Oops. And a great start coming in here to put in the executive summary, some of the summaries on the financials. Let me let everybody in here. Oh, Kurt's coming in. There you go. Um, same thing on this over here, some of the property metrics. And then I mentioned back to Christian, you know, you probably you don't want these all necessarily be red. So, you can you can keep these in black or blue. Uh, I know you're trying to highlight them. Um, but it makes it look scary for people because red red syndicates psychologically negative for weird reasons, right? Um, so we want them to be green. Just green. Green for money, baby. green for money. Uh but then yeah, setting up this offering some of this stuff in here. So this this this highlights in here someone can look at this and say okay minimum investment 50k equity multiple that I get 2.1 on my money investor IRRA and ROI preferred returns cash on cash the split all of that and then kind of showing the capital stack like okay he's going to get 2.8 million in debt right then they're coming in with the equity which is 1.65 65 and that's split 9010. So it looks like, you know, Christian's going to come in withund 165,000 and then the rest of it's going to be from investors. Giving some timelines. Oops. An example of a $100,000 investor. If they come in, right, they're going to get annualized 18% a year, preferred return of six, average cash on cash, equity multiple. It's kind of showing the trailing cash flow. And then we get into some of the aerials on it, property photos showing it like our plan for the interior renovation plan, exterior photos, exterior renovation plan. So, it's giving anybody who looks at this thing, and once again, this is a mock deal. But it I mean, am I wrong in presuming this kind of signifies like you know what the hell you're doing even though you haven't done a deal yet? But it gives the indication that wow, okay, Christian's not just like an executive. He buys apartments. It set it sets the tone and then that way when the real deal comes in place a month or two or three months later, boom. Uh Kurt, I just saw you come in here. So I was showing this one that you did on your landing page. So great job on this by the way. &gt;&gt; Oh, cool. &gt;&gt; Um and having that all set up, &gt;&gt; the guy do it, but I and I'm still making tweaks to it, but yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. Did Did you have your assistant do it or or your many assistants? Uh but you know I actually so when I did this I actually did all of this my first time on my own because I wanted to learn the process right I wanted to know the process of the pitch deck I wanted to know the process of the landing pages and stuff because then that makes it so much easier for me to tell somebody how to do it in the future and then let them do it in the future because I've already done it myself and it's just it's what I always have loved to do even on the construction side of things when I have con, you know, I mean, honestly, I'm not kidding you. The reason I got my general contractor's license was not so I could have my general contractor's license. It was so that I could call out contractors. When they give me and they tell me it takes this long or costs this much, I'm like, "No, it actually doesn't take that long and it doesn't cost that much." I mean, it just happened the other day on this property that I'm sitting on. We had a plumber come out because we had a backup on one of the main lines and he came out and I wanted him to stick a camera down it and he didn't want to put a camera down it. He wanted to just do a hydrojetting for $2,100. Well, first of all, it doesn't cost that much to hydrojet. Secondly, I'm like, I don't want to shoot high-pressured water down a clay pipe when it could burst the pipe when I don't even know what's down there yet. So, I said it's not going to work. Let's get somebody else in here. So, we called out these other guys, much more professional. They come out and yeah, he puts the augur down there, cleans it out a little bit, then he puts the camera down just enough to realize, okay, it's stuck right around here. Here's what's going on. He can give me an indication that, okay, it's not a busted pipe, but you have something blocking it. I recommend hydrojetting it because we can't really get anything further than that. And the hydrojet was 800 bucks, not 21,00. That's why I got my general contractor's license. literally is for that kind of crap. Um, that's it. I mean, to be completely honest with you, and I, you know, I know how to build now and do stuff, but I I don't do the hammer and nails, but that's why I do that. That's why I did the pitch decks myself, so that way I know how to share it with somebody and so on so forth, right? So, I always do it the first time myself, one time at least, and then that lets me know, okay, now I can go share with somebody how to do it on their own now. But, yeah, great job on this. Uh then showing kind of the unit mix locations, little more property info. Now you're getting into the market. So pure Michigan. This is great. So you can kind of see you just took snapshots of some economic data that you probably found. Maybe it was on the broker's you know little offering memo they put together or maybe you found it online or chat GPT. They'll put a lot of the stuff together for you and then that's all you did. You just kind of came in here and did this which is great. Then you got, you know, Michigan information. Yeah, this is all great. All it's doing, I mean, to be completely honest with you, very few of your investors or anybody would ever read this thing, right? I mean, they're going to go over the beginning part around the financials, but they're not really going to look at the market data too much. What what it's doing is just visually saying, "Okay, that's cool. All these companies, awesome. Here's some info. If I want to take a peek at it, looks like things look cool." I mean, that's all it's doing is signifying that you took the time to put this thing together and it's not your first rodeo, even though it is your first rodeo. Yeah. So, this is great. And then how to invest, you know, they can set up a call with you and stuff when you finalize this, but that's perfect. Okay. Then your little team. So, you'll want to put your information and stuff in here, but it's a great start. So, great job on that, putting that together. I see your hand up, hime. &gt;&gt; Hey, Justin, how are you? So, &gt;&gt; good. &gt;&gt; Justin, from our video call last week, I was getting into the business in a box to set it up like my web page and all of that. And it says that I should contact Koya or Shipra for them like to help me out. But every time that I click on a link, it it takes me like, okay, it cost 250 or 500 bucks, something like that. And if it's like I just wanted to ask if I need to pay them for them like to build up the web page. And if not, I I don't know like where's like just the video that takes me step by step like okay modify this one like this or or just it's right &gt;&gt; like because I I know how to like fix some of the things but I don't know if there's like an actual video like okay click like here and this is going to modify the text size or whatever like step by step or it's just general. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, we didn't do that the how-tos on the websites and stuff cuz Yeah. We we wanted if you wanted to have one of the vendors, right? And you just work directly with them, but we put together some packaging like you said, the 250 or the 450 or 550 because they'll set up the entire CRM and websites in the back end, whether that's uh Koya or Sherpa. um everything from getting everything in there from the the domain, the emails, um getting any texting in place for the CRM, setting up the website, all of that. Uh they'll do a lot of that for you. You work right alongside them. But yeah, very very reasonable costs and we just have you go direct to them. We just provide the vendors there to do that. So that's what I would recommend. Um if you know how to get in there and do all that stuff, then you can you can certainly play around in the template. We just don't have a long how-to video step by step by step by step by box because most people have just either used Koi or Sherpa and had it done for them. &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. And then I want to speak about maybe it's another thing about that's like whenever like if I'm getting into escrow or whatever and like we how many like bank accounts should I have for the investor's money like to come in and all of that but I don't know if you're going to talk about that later and just &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, we can touch on that right now. So yeah, there's going to be three bank accounts. So, when you go to set up the property LLC, &gt;&gt; you get a deal under contract. And just to kind of give you the timeline of when this would happen. Okay. So, deal goes under contract. You get the purchase and sale contract executed. The first 7 to 10 days, you're doing your inspections. You're getting all the financial data. You're going through that pretty heavily. The first seven to 10 days. Once you get about 3/4 of the way through your due diligence period and you feel pretty confident that okay, we're probably going to move forward with this thing. Meaning like we're going to go past the due diligence period and our money is going to go hard. That's when you would set up the LLC for the property. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Right around there. &gt;&gt; It has to be on the state you are buying the property. Right. That &gt;&gt; that's correct. Because the bank's gonna the bank's gonna require that. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because I had this talk with with my brother yesterday and he was like, "Okay, but what do you need like to actually have ready to go before like any of that?" Because as I told you, I've been speaking like with brokers sending Lois and all of that, but he's telling me like, "Okay, if they accept the LOI tomorrow, &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; what are the next steps? And should you have any of those already done before that or just it depends? &gt;&gt; I mean you can. So I mean a recommendation it's not required but a recommendation is since most of you are going to be raising money from people at some point is we went ahead when I say we like the Brennan Pulley Capital Group. We went ahead and had our first set of, you know, private placement memorandum documents, the PPM docs set up in advance. It's because it's kind of templated once you do it the first time. It's rinse and repeat for every deal afterwards. &gt;&gt; So, we prepaid for that. For us up front, it was about 13 grand. Okay? You don't have to do this, but we did it so that way we would have things because sometimes it can take two to four weeks to get those documents finalized. It can sometimes, but you definitely want to reach out to the securities attorneys or the attorneys in the back end of the system. So, you have Todd, you have uh Eric Weold, and those guys in there in the back end under the attorney section. They're all both very good. Um, and even if you don't get them to do the document set, you could start talking to them about it, right? I would just just talk to them about it. Meet them. Say, "Hey, I'm Sofo. I'm part of Justin because they they all know they're part of the mentorship and they know people, you know, are part of it and they use them and so forth. But just introduce yourself to to those vendors. Um because the attorneys are really important. Uh whether you do just a standard JV, right? Meaning you know everybody in in the deal very very very very well. Then you may not need to go the fullblown like syndication legal documents. You may just be able to have an operating agreement that does your joint venture, right? Your operating agreement. So, you could do that if it's just a small group of investors and people and you know each other very well. But the minute it steps outside that where you may not know the people that well, that's when you go that the full PPM document set. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And yes, you could prep those in advance. Keep in mind the the deals will reimburse you. So the closing cost of the deal will reimburse you for the cost of the documents. But if you want to preset those so that way it's faster because my mindset always goes like this. If I can have the document because you can't take people's money without the docs. Just so you know legally you you should not do that. So that's why in my mind I'm sitting there going, "Okay, well, if I have the docs done and then I get the accepted letter of intent just like you're talking about, I'm going to start raising money." Like, I'm not waiting, baby. Let's go. I'm going to put the pitch deck together. I'm going to put all the stuff you're seeing right now in this mock kind of process. That stuff's coming out like in three days because it's already preset, right? you've already actually done a lot of the pre-work upfront. So that way actually putting it together for this new deal is going to be a lot faster and then you're running and then it goes out and you start talking about you know the deal and you start raising capital through it even though you haven't even got the thing into contract yet. I mean, literally, when I have an LOI signed, within about three to four days after signing that, before I'm even under contract, my pitch deck is done, my landing page is done, my summary video is done, it's locked and loaded and ready to go, and I'm just going to push send the minute I get it under contract. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. These are some things you can do. not required, but it will make the closing process for you uh less of a chaotic scenario. It just it can um so that would be my recommendation, but hence the reason we're doing all this now, right? We're doing the mock deals because technically if you look at this pitch deck, right, the stuff that's you have some boilerplate stuff that's not going to change all that much, right? There's specifics about the deal. Yes. But in terms of the whole team in the back end and all that, even even the market data because if you're investing in a certain market, it's the same data over and over again. State of Texas or state of this or state of that, right? It's in that market. You already have the data for the market. So now it's just really specific about the property that gets changed because a lot of the other slides on here are just cut and rinse and repeat. So, it's nice to have those because now you have your preset template for you and your company. You're ready to go. It'll get done relatively quickly and then your landing page gets done because that's kind of preset now a little bit. So, you're just going to change a little bit for the property specific. And then you do a little summary video. You've seen kind of how ours work where I'm literally sharing the screen and walking right through the pitch deck and it's about a 10 or 15 minute video. And that just gives people the confidence that, oh, okay, this makes sense. I like this. And that allows you to warm people up pretty quick and that's why we're doing it. Uh Kurt, I saw your hand up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. In relation to the pitch deck, because that's what I'm working on right now. And this Good job, Christian. Uh did Christian do this all by hand? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah. Yeah. Christian, tell me how how you pulled it off. &gt;&gt; I'm guessing. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I I took the the template from from Justin and I basically started looking at the OM getting some information from there. Um so a lot of the copy pasting of the of the pictures that you see are from the offering memorandum. And then what I did was and that was something that I did a little bit fuzzy and I really liked from Julian how he did it. um basically the the the demographics from the market it's it's tough to get it from the from the website but Justin gave the the advice put it in chat GPT and get that information in a nice overview so I will try that in the next step. Yeah, you can take Yeah, you can take the market data and or even honestly you could take the snapshots from the OM that because then maybe the brokers put together some nice demographic stuff, but when you screenshot it, it's a little fuzzy. You could take that, throw it into chat. It'll look like in our mentor AI, it'll read it and say, "Please reproduce this for me exactly as it is, but in a nice clean highdefinition image and question for you, Justin, is how much you're leveraging AI for these." I tried the MM AI because it said it will create a pitch deck for me, but it was very short and &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's not going to do the whole pitch deck for you because it's it's that's very um indepth. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you have people that do that still? &gt;&gt; Um, yes. So I don't So there are people you will hire after you do it the first time. You will hire this process out. Yes. &gt;&gt; But the first time I would recommend doing it because you'll you'll learn it and you'll learn a lot about how to put the financials in place and make it look good and yeah, it's an arduous process the first time you do it, but trust me. Are these GD people or virtual assistants? &gt;&gt; Uh, yes. You'll have VAS you can literally find and they'll do pitch decks all over fiverr.com. &gt;&gt; Got it. I mean, &gt;&gt; you can literally go in there and type create, you know, pitch deck creators and you'll find 4,373,000 of them. Okay. &gt;&gt; Like, yeah. And then and what you'll do is you'll give them this template, right? Because you could literally share this template with them that we've shared with you and they'll come in here. So if you go into the back end of your system as you know you can create a copy of this in Canva. So that way in this case he has his own copy now and uh he can share this with anybody in the future and they could come in here on a per deal basis and create a new one each time right inside of his own Canva. And you could you could share it with uh a VA or anybody and they're going to see it. So once it's done the first time, you could literally just show the VA, this is exactly what I want. I just want all the new data from the new property. Here it is. And they'll go to work. Yeah, there are there are AIs out there that do the pitch decks. Um, but you still have to give them an enormous amount of data, right? &gt;&gt; Because they need all the data. Like there's a lot of data that has to go into these things in order to pump it out. So that's why it's not quite there yet where you could literally say, "Hey, here's a couple images. Let me know when you're done." It's not not quite there yet. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And this one you shared with us, that's the 57 page one, or is there a bigger one? &gt;&gt; No, that's it. Yeah. You don't have to do the whole thing, right? I mean, there's certain slides that may or may not apply. Um, but it's I mean this is an institutional grade pitch deck cuz what I did is over the years I've seen I don't know how many pitch decks from different deals, big small $50 million deals, $20 million deals, $5 million deals, $2 million deals, and I've taken all the best of the best and combined it into this one that you guys get just from a little bit of a visual component to the data and information component to the flow. to how it showcases the team, the property, um what investors want to see, right? Because at the end of the day, and you would probably relate to this, investors care about three things. How much money do you need? What do I get to make? When do I get it back? I mean, at the end of the day, &gt;&gt; you know, how much money do you need? What do I get to make on it? When do I get my money back? And then after that it just it's really of a trust thing like do I tr do I believe in you but those are the top three that most investors care about at the at the core the core. Does that answer your question? &gt;&gt; Pretty much. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um Kurt just a comment. &gt;&gt; So it takes a lot of time. The first time this takes a lot of time and I didn't even do everything right because I didn't know how to do it. That's why I I highlighted them red. Um, but it's really it's a really great process to go through and once you go through it, you also understand like from a investor point of view like what they really want to see and I think that Justin did a really great job with putting this together for us and uh for us to to build on that. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah. the first time. It's like anything. I I did it the first time and then I don't do them anymore. I have a VA do them, but I I wanted to to go through the process exactly like Christian mentioned because what it's going to do, just so you know, is it's going to make you so intelligent on how to talk about it, that you will know the numbers to the back of your head by the time you're done. Like you'll know them. Oh yeah, that's uh you're going to make, you know, this and this and this and this and this. actually. Yeah. Year three, this and this and this and this and this. Yeah, if you go to page 32, you'll know this. Like it it's you'll know it because you did it. Yeah, it's well worth it. Uh Luis, I see you there, sir. &gt;&gt; What's going on you guys? Um good to be here. Uh Justin, man, I'll tell you what. Um this deck is great. Your decks are great. The information, the knowledge is great. I will I'm gonna tell you a little share a little bit about the experience I'm having with push back from investors because I've been meeting um with people like really since last week about a couple of deals. Um, one thing and this is more of a question so I'm piggybacking on this investor uh discussion is like okay one question that came to me and I wasn't sure how to answer was person has money right they have money set aside but they but it's not liquid it's tied up in stocks so if they sell their stocks they're going to get a tax it's going to be like a capital gain right and now they have the cash and they invest it into real estate and they get all of the we've already discussed like all the bonus depreciation or the tax um advantages, you know, quarterly payments, etc., etc., etc., are we can hit all the metrics. So, that's easier for me to sell, but that gap how to close that. I don't really know other than a self-directed IRA or a self-directed 401k. really don't know how to make that money liquid to put move it into let's say for example that she has 100 grand &gt;&gt; that she could put into a deal &gt;&gt; tomorrow but it's tied up in stocks so I don't really know how you what to tell that person like &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So exactly like you said, yeah, if they were going to move that money out of stocks, they would have to sell the stocks, right? &gt;&gt; And yes, they may incur a capital gains event. Uh that would also get offset, &gt;&gt; you know, through the bonus depreciation that you may be giving them. So that that one's easy like you said. &gt;&gt; And then the 401k, people invest uh with those all the time, &gt;&gt; right? you would either pull the money for the 401k that may incur a penalty but or you can in what what a lot of people do is they'll take a loan so they become their own bank right so the the greatest way to become your I mean I literally am my own banker I have a 401k internal to my S corporation and then I also have a whole life insurance policy &gt;&gt; right we talked we spoke about whole life um life insurance policy as becoming the bank &gt;&gt; and then the margin is like you're beating the interest rate, whatever you have to pay back toward the loan versus the uh return, right? That's that's what we're Yeah. So, go ahead. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, a lot of people will will take loans against their 401ks, but you become your own bank. So, when you pay yourself back, you are literally paying yourself. So, if it's a five, six, 7% interest rate, you're paying yourself five, six, 7%. It's great. And then same thing with the whole life policy is I'll pay that back and forth as a loan and I can take 95% of my cash value out uh on my life insurance policy and be my own bank. &gt;&gt; So rather than going down to the bank and getting $100,000 I go to myself and get myself $100,000 and then pay myself 7% interest rate. &gt;&gt; Got it. So, but there really is no way what I'm hearing there's no way to liquidate money without like out of stocks without re incurring a capital uh tax or capital gains tax. &gt;&gt; Well, it depends if they've are they in in a positive meaning did have they made stock account because they could be upside down. I mean, for example, if they were selling their crypto right now, maybe a problem. &gt;&gt; Great point. Yeah, I didn't even think of that. Yeah, that's those are the things that are like coming up in conversations. There was another one that I was like, "Oh man, I got to like show up and just ask you because um there was another one that came to me like basically with in terms of it's a regulation. It's a regulated event, I think, or it's reg." And so they were asking me, "Well, how am I able to like who's going to receive the funds?" I'm like, "Not me. I'm just here to basically like &gt;&gt; Well, no. I mean, you you are. Yeah, you are, but it's going into the property LLC. Got it. That's got it. &gt;&gt; So, it's gonna it's going to go directly into the investment. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, that's why &gt;&gt; I mean this these are Sorry if you're new to this, but these are like questions. I've been doing this for like a while, but &gt;&gt; um these are questions that come up like in conversations. I just want to be really clear. It gets it gets more dense. That's all. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, like if you come in here for example, right? Um it's probably too thick right there. You guys can see this on the screen. Can you guys see this? Okay, cool. Um, so yeah, when you come in here, like you'll have the the LLC, right? And then of course it's going to have, you know, the bank account attached to it and that's for the property. And then all the money coming in from all the investors, it's going to come right into the bank account. for the LLC. So, it's going to sit, you know, right in here. Each investor will have their money in it, which is why you have the three bank accounts, right? You have the operating account, which is the operating, that's for the actual day-to-day activities. You're going to have an entity account. That's for all your investor money. These are all checking accounts, by the way. And then you'll have the capex account. This is for all your renovations. So you have three checking accounts as a part of the LLC. Does that make sense? And that way you're not coming. You don't have to have an accounting nightmare. And I've made the mistake by the way, which is why I'm telling you not to make the mistake because we had just an operating account which I was like, "Oh, okay, cool." And then you get into doing renovations, you get into distributing money, you get into all these other activities as part of the deal. And the money starts getting coingled and it gets confusing pretty quickly inside of one account. But it's very easy, you know, if let's say you're doing a $100,000 renovation. If all 100k is sitting right in this account right here, right, in your capex and then it goes out to pay all the vendors, you can track that expense very easily. You don't have to worry about is it an operational expense, is it a capex expense for improvements, you know, you get the point. It's all very trackable in one account. And then same thing with the entity. If I'm paying distributions out to all my investors, it's very easy to track that coming out of the entity account. So any free cash flow that comes out each month, it would move from the operating account right into the entity account and then it would get paid out to all the investors. So you would actually see, you know, $10,000 move from the operating account into the entity account and then you'd have little checks go out to each investor. Does that make sense? So, it's very easy to track and trace that and any bookkeeper can see it. Any CPA can see it. You they're not going to have to ask you 400 questions. Well, where did this dollar go and where what's who's this check to and all that other stuff, right? It's going to be very, very clean. It'll make your life 10x easier. So, that's why you have the three accounts. Yeah, that entity set up there for you. Um, and then you're you're set to go, Louise. And that way the money goes right into that and it's all very easy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you you sort of already like explained that in your videos. Like I understand that part. I think what she was asking me was my role. Like if I'm brokering this and I'm I live in Los Angeles. &gt;&gt; Oh well, yeah. You're you're the general partner. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you're you're the general partner. &gt;&gt; I would have to be a GP in order for it to that's the only way I would have to be a GP. But if the &gt;&gt; if I'm raising capital for projects, it's like it doesn't go down like that. That's where the series like 65 66 7 &gt;&gt; that's where that stuff comes in. Otherwise &gt;&gt; it's if you're not a GP from what I understand. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; You're not a GP &gt;&gt; and say you're only an LP. Well no let's just go back to that. If you're not a GP &gt;&gt; that's where you could get into trouble with the SEC in the state of California, right? On a federal level because of &gt;&gt; and I think that I'm sure the state would have issues but like federal for sure that's not cool, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's walk through that for a minute. So, let's say that you're part of the deal and all you're doing is raising money. &gt;&gt; Is that what you're saying? &gt;&gt; Yes. 100%. Yes. &gt;&gt; Right. So, what what the And so, you're not a technical general partner of the deal. You're just raising money for the deal. Correct. &gt;&gt; I'm a capital raiser. Right. I've got three of those going on right now. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. So, what's going to happen is you're going to get a tiny fraction of the general partnership. &gt;&gt; Got it. very tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny tiny fraction. &gt;&gt; So just what though like like break that down like one like 0.00001% are you talking about or what &gt;&gt; did have you seen the general partnership allocation spreadsheet that's in your back end? &gt;&gt; I have I have seen that like like what do you mean like right there? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So what I mean by that is when I'm going to go raise money for a deal &gt;&gt; Yep. Let me bring this in here. So, what I would do is I would say, okay, here is what we're going to do. Let me pull this up. We'll share the screen here. &gt;&gt; Justin, can't we just pay commission for someone to help us raise without giving them equity? &gt;&gt; Well, you you you can, but you got to be very very tactful, h because of the SEC regulations. &gt;&gt; Not in California, you cannot. You have to be certified and registered. &gt;&gt; Correct. You have to be &gt;&gt; in the world, but &gt;&gt; Well, no. Yeah, you have to be a registered broker if if if you're going to get paid a commission, right? And keep in mind the term commission, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; There are other things called consulting fees. &gt;&gt; There are ways around it. Okay, &gt;&gt; that's what I'm finding out. Yeah. But to make it super clean, so that way it's all that way it's all on the up and up. &gt;&gt; The correct way to do it &gt;&gt; would be to say, "Okay, we're going to be raising 500 grand." That's the total raise. I'm going to, you know, say I'm going to try and raise I'm going to try and raise 150k, right? So based on this allocation, 30% of the general partnership is dedicated to raising money. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; So I can come in here very easily. If we're raising 500K, even if I raise 100, let's say I only raise 100, then I get 6% of this. I get basically six points of this 30. if I get 6% of the GP. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; To me, that totally does. Yeah, absolutely. 100%. &gt;&gt; That's that's how you do it. Now, you can also work in a fee to that. So, I could say, "Hey, I'll get 6% of the GP and, you know, 2% on the money I raise or something or 1% on the money I raise." You're getting a little bit of both. It it comes down to what you want, but this is very very clean. So that way you don't have to guess because let's say, hey, I wanted to raise 150, but I only raised 50. Okay. Well, then you're only going to get 3% of the general partnership. &gt;&gt; Well, let's say, for example, hypothetically, the person who brought the deal does not want to do that. Then now we're back to consulting fees is what I'm understanding. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But yeah, so you want to be real tactful with that. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. So I would my question then would be okay well um is this going through the SEC? Is this a regggd a 506 regggd filing? And if the answer is yes &gt;&gt; then I would say I'd have to really know them like it's like it's it's it's a bro thing right because &gt;&gt; what do you mean like there what do you mean? Well, because &gt;&gt; them to do the deal or &gt;&gt; tech technically you're doing something illegal &gt;&gt; technically. If if they're going to pay consulting fees and they're regulated under regggd, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; They can't do that legally. Meaning, if the SEC found out, they could go to jail, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And they could lose their licensing to ever do this again for the rest of their human existence. &gt;&gt; That's the way I know it. And that's what &gt;&gt; So that that's that's the technicality. Okay. Once again, a lot of gray area in this. a lot of gray area. So, it's not so cut and dry. I'm just I'm giving you what a what an attorney would tell you versus &gt;&gt; the real world, &gt;&gt; okay? Like an attorney would say, absolutely not. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; The real world is there's gray line. So, if it's a bro deal, you're not getting a commission like you said, you're getting a consulting fee different. So, what I would do is I would submit an invoice to his company for a consulting fee and it would be not a commission. It would be a flat rate of a dollar figure that we would come up with after the money was raised &gt;&gt; and that would be a consulting fee and yeah, but it's you you better know that person really well and it's a bit of a bro thing. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; That totally does. I I also see the um or get certified like take an exam, get certified, now you can do this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't even do any of that. I mean, there's no reason that uh a general partner wouldn't give away even a little bit of the general GP. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; To have capital raised. I mean, because it, you know, capital raising is very valuable. &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; Right. I mean, we all know the two most valuable things in the deal is finding it, right? finding a great deal and raising the money, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I mean, so if you're brilliant at both of those, which are the biggest roadblocks for most folks, is finding a good deal and then raising the money, then it's very very valuable skill set. Extreme. &gt;&gt; I will say that I will say this to your community like everybody on the call. I love talking to investors. I'm like not so savvy when it comes to finding deals because deals are really hard to find was what I'm find what I'm experiencing. But I love having the conversations. I just have to know my knowledge more. So, so I just want to like put that out there in case anyone has a deal. There are people that have money. They're just trying to like place it. But there are other factors weighing in here. That's all that was my point. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think what you're you're maybe finding out and once again there's different aspects to the syndication game, right? The apartment game. &gt;&gt; Uh raising capital is hands down &gt;&gt; a very very valuable piece of the game. Mhm. &gt;&gt; And so if you're a great capital raiser or a great capital connector, I mean there are about a half dozen people that are in my rolodex &gt;&gt; that if I need to go raise 1 million,5 million, $10 million, I could call them and they're they're professional capital raisers &gt;&gt; and they get to come into the GP. They get a fee and they get part of the GP &gt;&gt; and that's just what it is. Um, and that's okay because that's a very valuable thing &gt;&gt; to be able to go do that. Now, they got to like the deal, right? They're going to obviously &gt;&gt; double check the deal, make sure it fits their their buy box, as you would say. And that's kind of what we were getting into next was, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; you know, the buy box side of it. And um, and Christian even put together his buy box. So, like all of you are going to be doing the same thing kind of as part of this mock setup is coming in and creating a buy box for yourself with your logo, a little bit about your company and the types of properties you're looking for. And this is very simple because this can go out to a broker, it can go out to investors, it can go out to other people. And we give you this template, you have it, and that way you can create your own buy box of the things you're looking for. Once again, it just sets in place the level of professionalism that you're signaling that yeah, this is like I'm the real deal Holyfield here, right? Just it gives you a level of professionalism that's above 90% of anybody doing this in the in the place. Um yeah. Um just going through a couple of the questions here. Uh Kelly, you had mentioned on certain areas you can also uh roll into the opportunity zone property and will offset or negate the capital gains. That is true. That is true. Yeah, you get benefits at three years starts at three 35 710 type thing when you go into opportunity zones um on that. Um, yeah. Any questions about kind of the the mock pitch deck, mock deal, the landing page stuff? Um, you know, in terms of kind of where you're at in that that roadmap. Um, you know, very valuable to go through this and yeah, Chris, see Christian, you're doing it. Many of you are already doing it and that's great because it's setting in place uh this foundation for you. Uh, Haim, I just saw you put your hand up, buddy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just about the pitch deck. You said AI is not there yet. I mean, I know chat GBT doesn't do a great job yet with these kind of things, but there are other kind of platforms that do a great job and I put a link a YouTube link into the chat that shows very easily how it can make a great pitch deck. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I see that YouTube video. Yeah, you are. And and that's that is true. Yeah, they have AIS that they're building specific to that task, right? because everybody's got very specific um um AIS, you know, like there's and they're all over the place, right? There's another one out here. Um is it real? I'll just put it up here. It's real AI. This one here, but I' I've mentioned this to you guys a few times. So, this is put out through Fundrise, which is a big crowdfunding platform. It's called realai.com and it's very specific to uh real estate and uh primarily commercial real estate. So you can come in here, it's a free account and then you can do the paid one. And this is this is a probably the next level on AI ahead of our R our AI. So our AI is pretty good. This one is kind of the next level up that if you want to pay for their service, I mean, it's pretty freaking good. And this will do a lot of tasking stuff around, like you said, creating documents, analyzing the property, understanding the market. There's a lot of preset stuff in there. And what this one has that ours does not yet is it's connected with a lot of data sources, real-time data sources to pull that data from. So, it can pull, you know, demographic data pretty heavily, rent comps, analyzation of the property. It has historicals on the property. It's pretty freaking amazing. Um, give you an example. If you wanted to come in here and you were going to renovate a property and do the whole burr method on it, right? Take it from crappy, make it great. You could give it that business plan and say, "I'm going to take this property at 123 East Street. Here's the current financials. I'm trying to move it to here. Talk to me about the best method to do that and the type of tenants I need to bring in. And then give me a marketing plan and really go through this entire business and marketing plan with me and give me an entire business and marketing plan to take the property from here to here and it will go and it's pretty rad. Just FYI. &gt;&gt; Uh &gt;&gt; what I was saying was like it's it's not even what I put in the chat. It's not even like an AI that you can ask questions. It's specifically designed for pitch decks and OM, so it's just really great at that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And they have those, too, which is awesome. So, there there are AIs out there that will do specific tasks. Uh, and they're already set up to it, you know, it's just those are all paid services, and if that's something that's good for you, you can definitely use those. Um, they're out there, which are great. Yeah, thanks for that, H. That's awesome. Um, and then Christian, how do I include the sale refinance in years three or four in the deal analyzer? Um, we'll probably have to show that on uh another class. what we are doing, just so you guys know, and we're trying to get it finalized, but it it requires some fancy um a little fancier coding and I'll kind of show it to you guys. We're just trying to finalize a couple things on it. Um and we're going to update it in the system for you guys. Let me bring it up real quick and we'll finish out on this. Okay, just because we're going to add a couple elements to it. Um, make it a little bit more sophisticated on the simple deal analyzer and give you some options in there so that way you won't have to actually uh worry about where it goes uh in terms of doing the refi and stuff. So, let me bring that up here. Did I miss something here? Uh oh. Oops. Expand this guy. There we go. Minimized it. So, it'll look like this when we bring it up. So, we're adding over here some sources and uses. So, this will make kind of figuring out some of these numbers a lot easier. Okay. And I we'll show you how this works. If you're going to do the refinance, all the refinance data will go right in here. And you'll just plug it in and that will start adjusting it, right? whether you're doing it on year three, year two, whatever it is, and it'll automatically then put all the data in here and adjust it on your uh proforma, right? So, it'll start putting numbers in here depending on what year you do it. And then same thing with your waterfall and all that stuff. We're just putting in a couple extra inputs and then depending on when you're going to sell the property because maybe you sell it on year 2, 3, 4, that'll adjust it and stuff. So, we'll have all this done hopefully pretty soon here. here. I just want to let you guys know what is coming on it. So, that'll help out, give you a little bit more sophistication um on the deal analyzer you guys are currently using. Yeah, that should help out quite a bit. Um and it'll all be here on the front page. So, it's just adding in a couple elements here about the refinance, the sale, and then sources and uses. So that way, and the reason why this would is helpful because it gets a little bit more accurate as to what money is coming from the loan that you're getting, right? And where it's going, right? Closing cost, renovation, or the actual purchase price of the property and or where's the equity going. And it's pretty common that the banks will cover between 25 to 50% of your closing cost. So that's why these numbers are in here and it's giving you a heads up on it. And then sometimes the banks won't cover 100% of the renovations, but they'll tell you like when you get into it, they're going to say, "Hey, we're going to cover 80% of the reno and we'll cover 25% of your closing cost." So you'll know that. You can just plug it in here. So that way when you come in here and you put in your price and your interest rates and stuff and all that's there, it's automatically going to come over here, pre-calculate this, and then if you come over here and change, you know, whether your Renault is included in your loan or not, yes or no, that'll start changing. So right here, it's yes. Otherwise, no. It's going to pump up my total equity requirement. So now you can see over here, none of the renovation dollars are coming from my loan. It's all going to come from equity. So, it's automatically moving it for you to show you what's called sources and uses of the money. Okay? And then you'll be able to come in here and type in, you know, refinancing, all that stuff, what year you're going to refi, all that stuff. And that'll automatically adjust your proformas. And then same thing with any sales. Am I going to sell in year four, year five, year six, what year am I going to sell in? And you can input that there as well. So, um, it just requires some pretty intense coding, so we'll have that done here as soon as humanly possible. Just giving you guys a heads up. Um, cool. Any last questions before we finish up? But yeah, for any of you that haven't done that mock thing, I wanted to that's why I wanted to pull it up this evening so you can kind of see the value in it and why it's so important. uh especially if you're in that kind of phase right now where you're finding, analyzing, writing offers and then you're creating that capital foundation which is that step I guess it would be step six if I'm not mistaken. Um that's really important because that's warming up your investors. It's connecting you to the lenders that are in our database and warming that process up. So that way when you start writing the offers which is the next stage and then you holy crap you're going to get something under contract just like Luis was saying and the others and and h or you saying hey what what happens what what do I do when how the timing oh god you that's why you're setting all that up in advance. So it's going to make that process when you actually get into contract that much smoother and you're not going to hyperventilate as much as much. You're still gonna hyperventilate, but not as much. So, uh, Craig, I see you got a question real quick. &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah. I was just wondering, I messaged Kevin about, um, the Charlotte event and getting the details from him. He never emailed me. Can we &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is there a way we can follow up with that? &gt;&gt; Sure. Whenever. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And what questions specific? I can maybe answer those now and then we'll get out another email here. It's coming up shortly. um just when and where we're supposed to be and you know what what drop points or pickup points or meet points things like that. &gt;&gt; Okay. Oh yeah, I know that we have the baseline stuff that went out to everybody, but you're talking about like literally the the actual detailed agenda. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it doesn't have to be super detailed, but &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I don't I don't think I got the I don't think I got the baseline email. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Specifically. &gt;&gt; Got it. Does anybody else want that? Because we we can resend it. Okay, Sandon. Cool. I'll make sure of that. Cool. Beautiful. And then Craig, I have yours down here, so I'll get in touch with Kevin on that, the team. And then, yeah, we're finalizing some of that. What we're doing right now is with a few of the brokers locally there in Charlotte because we're going to be taking a bus tour together. Um, it's a it's a nightclub bus, so there's a couple dance poles in it with some strobe lights and smoke and stuff. I'm I'm totally kidding. I could I could see John's story in that thing. You're going to be like totally going at it, aren't you? Don't lie. Um, but yeah, we will take a bus tour around a couple properties on Monday the 30th. Um, we will be taking off from the Omni Hotel, just so everybody knows, the Omni right there in downtown Charlotte. and then going from there. So, that'll be the main meeting point both days. We'll be at the Omni Resort Hotel right in downtown, but we'll get you all of those details here very shortly. And it'll go from like I think want to say we're at between Monday is going to be from like 1 to 5 or 1 to 6 and then everybody can have dinner after that. And then on Tuesday, it'll be a little bit earlier. I think we're going to go 11 to 3, 11 to 4 in case people need to fly out um you know, Tuesday evening. So, but should be fun. Yeah, we're just fine tuning with a couple of the brokers there. You know, which ones want to, you know, handle a bus full of investors. So, that's how we roll. Uh, I see you in here real quick. Is it uh Yeah, I see you here, Kelly. Um, no. David, uh, I've been working on our pitch deck and David, um, took the financials and made a tab in our analyzer so that it automatically pulls the numbers and does the changes. Obviously, you know, when you get due diligence, but um, I'll share that with you if you want to look at it and see if it's something that would be beneficial &gt;&gt; to like able to screenshot it and throw it into the picture. &gt;&gt; When you get when you get detailed numbers. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, there's a whole tab that we could add in. We have it like if you Okay. We have it on like a the detail like the big analyzer, right? If you want to like literally line item by line item your renovation costs. &gt;&gt; Um, which is totally fine. And then it'll bring it over into the actual proform. &gt;&gt; Um, you can do that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; No, it was more just to make it like trying to go in and change every little box in the pitch deck. So he just took it. So it copied the the numbers from wherever. &gt;&gt; I got it. So that way you can just take that into the pitch deck. &gt;&gt; Screenshot it and drop it right into the pitch. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay, that's fair. &gt;&gt; I'll send that over. I mean, it was just something that we fel felt going forward would be helpful for us instead of &gt;&gt; I mean, I didn't think Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Give people details of the the renovation financials and stuff like that. Um well not even the renovations just like there one of the um capital summary or one of the summaries has got it &gt;&gt; kind of the fiveyear yep &gt;&gt; of expenses and everything so shows the performer of the expenses. So instead of trying to &gt;&gt; do each little cell and you know readjust to make sure it's level and whatever &gt;&gt; this was to &gt;&gt; Got it. Yeah, because it is and the reason that we set it up that way, Kelly, inside the pitch deck where yeah, it does require you to go in there and manually blah blah blah &gt;&gt; is more for aesthetics, uh, mainly for like we wanted the lines to look a certain way. If you notice, it's like dot dot. It's like little dots &gt;&gt; on the lines. Like we wanted aesthetically to look a very certain particular way, which is why we didn't just snapshot it in there. Uh, at least for us, right? But you're right, you could just take a snapshot as an image and drop it in and that functionally works just fine. &gt;&gt; Just fine. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I was just I was just anal retentive around the aesthetics. &gt;&gt; Understood. Yeah. No, it's &gt;&gt; awesome. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, cool everybody. Well, yeah, we're up here on time, but I hope everybody had a good one this time and I would love to see a few more. So, if you guys want to send those to us, we'll bring them up next week. But yeah, setting up that mock thing um is really cool when you do it and it's going to make you feel, oh gosh, I'm even that much more further along in the capital side of it and warming up my database and everything. And even though it's not an official deal, it kind of is an official deal. You're just not going to close on it, if that makes sense. Yeah. So, any last things before we finish up? Cool. Have a wonderful evening and if you guys need anything, we are here. Please shoot me text messages and everything. Okay. Thanks, Justin. Beautiful. You bet, guys. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Have a good night. &gt;&gt; Have a nice evening, everybody. Bye. Wait.