Testing one, two, three. Testing one, two, three. Hello. Hello. Come on in. Happy Tuesday. Joe, good to see you. Robbie, good to see you. Tony, Ernest, you too. Happy Tuesday. Who else do we have in here? We got Bruce. Happy Taco Tuesday. Beautiful. All right, we'll wait for some other folks to come in and stuff here. Um, awesome. Well, yeah, let's talk about any kind of wins or I'd say losses either or for this week so far, even though we're only on a Tuesday. Uh, anybody want to be the first to share and be courageous? Joe, I know it. I mean, you know, you sit there and you smile, but I know you want to talk about it. Uh, just you got you got to say something. I'm going to encourage you. And it could be even personal life wins or losses. Not no real wins. Um, I did make it to Texas. Um, met a couple of brokers a few about a month and a half back. Okay. So, just wait. Tell me a little bit about that experience. the positive, the negative, all the above. It was it was it was it was positive. I mean, it was uh my first time. So, it was uh it was a great experience, you know, and then like saying just talking to brokers, getting my feet wet. I was sweating, palm sweating and everything, you know, but um it was it was a real it was a real positive u uh time. I I had a good time. I had a good time. Uh uh talk about some of the questions or kind of how that the back and forth went like during that the conversation with the brokers. Yeah. Well, it was kind of like um I I that was before I studied the questions that you gave or whatever. So I was like, you know, I was new to investing or whatever. So he was just like, "Oh, okay." Uh he asked me, "How many properties did I own?" and uh you know so he did ask me that and then I was like well it was my first time out of state or whatever so he was uh he was pretty cool with that and he was just telling me that um they didn't have any too many offarket uh pre-market they had some that's been on market for a while that could be negotiable so I told him um I would love to take a look at some of those and then sure so rode rode around Texas Um just seeing different Was this Houston? Was it Houston? No, this was uh this was Dallas right outside of Fort Worth. And uh went over in the Plano, Texas, which was really nice. And the whole experience was nice. Got a chance to go to TD Jake uh with So that was one of the brokers conversations. You said there were two others or just one? It was one other. That was a female. Um I forget her name. off hand. I have it written down, but she was uh she was really nice. Yeah, she was really It was out of a brokerage and uh went by their place and when they first looked at me, they looked at me like, "Dude, you know, like I just felt that way. They looked like Were they Were they sizing you up?" I think so. Yeah, that that's a good that's a good Yeah. Yeah. And that's that's pretty typical like anything. first time you're meeting somebody, they're just yeah, you know, no different than other things. You know, brokers get solicited for a lot of things, but um you know, at the end of the day, you're trying to build a relationship and you are in the market for buying and all that stuff. So, you know, that's going to be uh that's going to be the key with that. Yeah. Yeah. So, it was overall overall was great though. I Great. Yeah. Because I mean, you know, we've been kind of focusing the last couple weeks on, you know, that first initial stage. Yeah. of, you know, getting out there and making the initial tours on properties, meeting some brokers, even if you fall flat on your face. It's not the point. The point is the exercise, right? Because it's going to it's going to create some sort of awareness of how it can be done, right? Because there's only so much on a video board that I can teach you and tell you to do, and I could literally walk you through step by step, but you, you know, you got to do it. It's like anything. Um, so that's a critical component. So for obviously the newer folks on here, I see Leandro and Rose and Mir. So, so I I would just say that, you know, your first steps are trying to locate that, you know, the deals that actually you like a little bit in the market that you like a little bit and then making those three phone calls, you know, and setting up those three appointments with those three different brokers because that's going to be the first initiation, even if it's a reconnaissance mission, uh, into that marketplace. And it's really really critical. You said you drove that market a bit in Dallas in Plano in Dallas. Okay. I did. I did. I liked it. What did you notice uh when driving it? Were you just trying to get comfortable? Tell me a little bit about that. Yeah, just just trying to get comfortable um seeing the good areas, the bad areas. Um went by a couple um mom and pop restaurants, asking them questions. Hey, how's the area? And they very very hospitable, very they were sharing you don't want to go four blocks over, you don't want to, you know, and so it gave me a kind of an idea where um, you know, just start mapping out what. So yeah, it was funny. I had somebody the other day do the exercise of driving the streets and counting the bars on the windows, right? That's kind of a mechanism that we use. If you're in a neighborhood, let's say you like the property and you want to find out if the neighborhood was a decent neighborhood or not, you want to count the bars on the windows, you know, so drive that street and the few streets around it and you're going to count the number of bars that are actually the metal bars that are on people's windows. And if there's more than not, it's probably not a good sign. So to pay attention to that. Uh point being, well, he had done that and there was about two times as more bars than not and but he he loved the property and I said, "Okay, well, you know, spend some time. You got to spend some time there because it's it's indicating something." And lo and behold, he literally watched a robbery happen on that street when he went back the next time. Yeah. Yeah. You know, do we have fun with this? So, um, and that and listen, robberies happen, but when it's happening right in front of your face, uh, you may need a, you know, gun to collect that rent. So, that's all. Just want to be, just want to be mindful of that. So, beautiful. Leandro, how are you? Doing good. Excited to be here. How are you? Awesome. Yeah, introduce yourself real quick. Uh, Leandro, I literally just joined last week. Uh I uh work in the video game industry. Actually I have a nineto-five job uh full-time. Uh started on uh talking about real estate. I started with some single family rentals. I have uh three uh two in uh Detroit, one in Toledo, Ohio. And um I saw Justin and coming up in some of the the my Instagram ads. uh got very interested talking to him uh and uh decided to to to join the community to to learn more about what the all this multif family is about. Beautiful. Um and then Rose, I know you're a little bit newer into this and stuff too. Have you gone through kind of that initial process yet? Are you starting that initial process at all with uh broker connections and stuff? Um, no. I just listened to your um I think module one to two. Yep. Then um I'm really trying to to find the market. I you know I picked You were looking in the Dakotas, right? Yeah. It said South Dakota, North Dakota, and Minnesota. Yeah. So, um and then Yeah. So, I'm I'm just I guess I wanted to to find out how everybody else kind of figured out their market. I used um Deep Seek and then I went on using the website that you have on your mentorship. Um it's just Yeah, I just have to decide, don't I? Um because my market is Ohio and Detroit. That's where you live, right? Or is that No, I live in Los Angeles. I live in I live in But I thought you I thought originally you were um you were you were looking in Ohio. Is that right? Or that's where you property? Yeah, I have three single family homes in that I'm renting out in Ohio. Cleveland and Akran and then one in Detroit. So, um yeah. So, I just wanted to I don't know if I should just stick to Cleveland um to to Ohio or I should try a new market. That's kind of where I'm, you know, balancing that cuz I already have some boots on the ground in Ohio. So, I think we talked about either there or Indiana, right? Because Indiana's a good I think Indiana was one of them. Yeah. Yeah. I think I found four. So, now it's like, oh no, too many options. Well, and that's where you narrow down. So, based on the ones you'd mentioned, you know, obviously the Dakotas are great. there's just not enough deal flow for you. I don't think based on population, right? It's a great market. But Indiana and Ohio, there's going to be enough deal flow and enough population movement and growth, then it's going to be a good place to invest into either one of those states. So, I think it's just a matter of selection at this point, but it's guiding you through it. It'd be one of the two. And if I had to, you know, pivot since Indiana's right next to Ohio, is that right? Right. Yeah. I'm like thinking my geography, but if that's the case, then yeah, either one. But I would go into Indiana. Okay, thank you for that. That helps me out for my next job. So now you have your market. So just pick the city and maybe it's Indianapolis or right around there and use Kruxy and you're basically going to set up your first trip and it's going to be a three-day trip. Yep. Take maybe take a friend. Take a friend. I will and then yeah, get out there and uh you know, meet three brokers and two or three properties and just get your feet on the ground in the market to get just comfortable with it generally speaking because that you're going to meet the property management companies and then renovation crews and now you're going to have a nice little small team. Yeah. Of people in that marketplace and then you'll start to see some more flow come pre-market versus the websites. Okay. Yeah, perfect. that's going to be your first major step if you're using the director broker approach, which is what we talk about. So, yeah, I mean, that's what I did when I initially built my my team when I first bought my first house was like through um a broker. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Thank you. That's so helpful because I was getting um brain freeze. Well, now now we're unbrain freeze. And I think I I think I may have that exact same sign that says welcome behind you. It's a good one. Yes. Does that happen to Does that happen to be from HomeGoods by chance? Oh my god. Yes. See? See? That's like my home version. Yeah. I love Homegoods. Great minds think alike. That's okay. That's right. We both wake up at 4:00 a.m. There you go. Uh George, how are you? I see you got your hand up. Yes. Thank you. Thanks for taking me, Justin. So, for those that don't know who I am, I just this is my second week. I believe it's my second week. I'm still trying to catch up on a lot of videos. I'm going through over the videos, the links. I found a link to all your ex old videos on YouTube. So, I'm not sure if the program uh wants me to look at all those for my checklist because it says look at all the videos. So, I was sure it was just No, it just has a couple of them on on YouTube that are there. Yeah, you don't need to go through all of them. No. Got it. So, I'm still looking for my market right now. I know you you you said to use chat GPT and so I'm doing that right now really narrowing it down to uh possibly Indiana. Again, I need to make a decision this these next few days on my on my three markets, but I think my number one might be Indiana for a couple reasons, property taxes, you know, there's a lot of growth a lot of the cities except Butler. There's also like it's u like I said, a lot of growth in a lot of the cities. Smaller towns are growing. And the other thing that I like is small uh lower property taxes here in Illinois. Crook Krook County is is terrible. Every three years you get every three years in Krook County. I call it Crook. They do they do they reassess like large reassessments every three years? This is crazy. You know, it's Krook County has been crazy. You know, Illinois in general. It's always been a lot of uh a lot of uh shady mayors, a lot of shady governors. You know, Illinois is very infamous for uh a lot of mayors, a lot of governors going to jail and taking bribes. There's a history. Illinois has a history of this. It's always been like that. And uh like I said, every three years you get just get screwed. Let me give you an example. I own commercial. I think I told you I used to own residential in my 20s. I'm 50 already, but I meant 20s. I I have 25 years of ownership residential. I sold a lot of that 15 years ago. I do commercial now. Now I have eight uh parcels, but I want to go back to the multif family. That's why I joined a group. But on my uh my commercial, we really get screwed in Kirk County. Uh three years ago, we got I got hit big time. I used to pay 11 grand as one example for property taxes for the whole year. Went up to 62. How's that even possible? So a lot of my friends that commercial, same thing. Two, three, 400% increase. It's crazy. I think we had that happen in had that happen in Kansas City one time, but they did some roll backs and there were some lawsuits and stuff on top of that that kind of pushed it back. Um, very well I think you and maybe maybe you and Rose or anybody else that likes Indiana, you guys should connect and there you go. Who knows? Now you could double up on the deal. Exactly. That's definitely a great opportunity. But yeah, Kirk County is uh I'm done with this county. I'm done with Illinois. So, I'm definitely definitely looking for other opportunities this week. I'm looking again to narrow down my market. I do have a very general question. I'm not sure if you could answer it. Yeah, I know it's there's a lot of variables in this question. So, you might not be able to answer it. It depends on the state, the market. It depend a lot of variables, but from everything I've researched, is it fair to say, and again, you might not have an answer. Neither do I. Is it fair to say on a big multif family the profit the net every month might be a hundred to $300 a door a month? Yeah, that's a good question. Yeah, I've never really looked at it in a in like a dollar figure. I mean, you do like when you actually see it, but I'm trying to think as an average. I just always see it as a cash on cash return. um more than like a a dollar per unit, but no, I mean that's probably a number that I should look at because there is a metric for that uh as well. Um I wouldn't be surprised if it was that, you know. Curious, George. I'm curious, George. I think of a lot of things and u yeah I was I was everything I researched like hey is it$100 to $300 a door per month profit? And again I know there's obviously a lot of variables y involved you know the market and Ryan has put his hand up. Maybe he knows how to answer. No, I know. I have a separate question. Sorry. Come on, man. Somebody asked chat GBT. You know, the the irony of it is, you know, years ago because we have all the data in the websites and we have those in the back end of the the portal for you. Uh you would utilize those data websites to basically, you know, pillage all the information that you need for the markets. Well, with this beautiful thing called AI now, it's gotten so good and it's getting better every day as we all know where you can almost prompt, you know, chat GPT. And then we're going to set up some pre-prompts that are already preset that has preset questions that you could go through and it'll open up a playbook for a chat GPT or any of these major AIS that you can ask detailed questions about markets. As you kind of saw the last time we were on here and we opened it up and started going through it, the data it showed us was unbelievable. It basically picked the markets for us and Indiana was one of them, which was crazy. So, I love that. Uh Robbie, how are you, sir? I love it. And you got the backdrop and everything. You're all in. Good. That's good. Um going out in Phoenix. I was trying to look up uh the chat GPT how much uh per door so didn't get to finish it. Phoenix is good. It's getting hot. Yeah, it is. You're probably about that time of year where you're in the 90s at least. It is. It's brush in the hundreds for sure. Rock and roll. Uh Ryan, I know you had a question. I think you were on here. You raised your hand. Yeah. Uh what are your thoughts on flood zones? uh you know it's going to cost you more for insurance uh but you know not completely I mean to give you an example uh we had one property at 200 unit that was technically in a flood zone per se but I mean not really even though on paper it was in reality it wasn't but it did affect our insurance so I would look at it in that sense that um you know as long long as things are draining away from the property and you're not literally sitting at the base of a ravine, you know, I would be okay with it. You just want to make sure where you at in that elevation. Uh because even though maybe in a flood zone, you're not really at a big threat. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. We found a a property in Tulsa that is on the edge of a ravine that's you know for a flood channel and um it's got 12 buildings and four of them so far have insurance on it that are closest to the ravine and the FEMA maps you know change all the time and I looked and it looks like more of the properties included on it as a 1% flood zone but I don't know you know we're going to yeah I mean all I would do is I would find out and if you can through history I mean has that ravine ever, you know, overflowed. Yeah. Cuz if you're saying it's it's almost like a a river that is for, you know, overflow for the purpose of flooding. Yeah. For to, you know, let it run through. Of course, if it got so bad it could overflow up to where the properties are. But, um, I don't I mean, we obviously we're accounting for in the numbers for the flood insurance and they were only required on four buildings, but I guess I more concerned of like, well, what about the exit strategy? Is it going to be an issue when we sell it? And, you know, are people going to negotiate it? I mean, no, because you're just looking at it the same way anybody is. As long as the financials work and you can get the insurance, uh, and you feel comfortable with the property in terms of, uh, the drainage, um, that's not a problem. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Um, I had a quick off-topic question on the deal analyzer. I know we talked about multiple times on the double dipping for GPLP, but it seems that the 0 to 50 unit analyzer is not accounting for a GP contribution and the LP contribution. So, you have to manually add it in and when you do that, your LPR and uh equity multiplier goes down. Um, when you say it's not accounting for it, uh, when you put the splits up top, it's not showing the contribution down at the end. Um, I guess you would have to change it, but it's the splits at top says, you know, GP contributions and LP contributions. And then when you're looking at like the struct the waterflow structure at the bottom where it shows the cash on cash for LP equity multiplier and all that is only based off of the LP contribution. So when you say we double dip and we put our 11% because yeah it's not it's not investing your money uh alongside the LPS in that space. Gotcha. Um so then what you would Yeah. I guess one way around that um would be just to include you'd have to break it out separately if you want to look at yours individually, but you just include the entire capital amount in the correct and then zero for you. You still get the 30% or whatever it is, but you put zero dollars in and then that way it would at least account for it and then you could personally break it out. I know some of you may not understand that on here, but like you know if you go through that deal analyzer uh when you're analyzing a property, it'll showcase it for you. Um do you uh who by show of hands here knows what I'm talking about versus not? And I'll pull up the deal analyzer and show you what I'm talking about. Okay. Yeah, let me do that real quick so you understand. Yeah, it wasn't really something that we've been accounting for until I actually saw Hayden and Matt had to change it manually on theirs. And obviously we want to invest on the LP side, but it really changes the numbers once you adjust for that. Well, because yeah, what you're doing though is you're uh you're including everybody in the LP, which is fine. It's fine. And you're just putting your money in there. But let me show you what I'm talking about. Mhm. Yeah. It seems equity multiplier goes down though because now it's a bigger amount. Sure. That you're get Yeah. getting the returns on. So share my screen here. So what Ryan's mentioning, so this is like page one, right, of the deal analyzer and the simple one, the 0 to 50. And what he's talking about is on this waterfall page over here. So when you come in here, you this is kind of when you're going to start splitting up the deal between you and partners. U what he's referencing here is the capital contributions, right? where it's 9010 which is pretty typical and that's fine but keep in mind your 10% actually gets invested alongside your investors. So that way you get the benefit of what the L limited partners get as well as what you get. So you to would do what he's talking about you could do that zero it out and make it 100% here. Right? And just know that your 58 grand is sitting inside there. Okay? Right? And then from there you'd actually splits would stay the same. You'd have your uh preferred return and then you'd have your little hurdles and stuff and then that is that what you're talking about Ryan? Yeah. Then when you're looking at the bottom Yeah. Now the contributions are 100% there. So it affects IR LPR and EN there. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. So it's just I mean because you're you're taking account for all the capital in stuff. Um which would be fine. You just want to back into that. But that'd be one way to just adjust for it versus splitting it up like that. So that way all of it's in there. Okay. And then a healthy LP. Well, you I guess IR doesn't really matter, especially for newer investors you're trying to get in. They really care about annual returns, right? And correct. Which is equity multipra. Just the difference is the velocity of the money in the returns. Okay. And healthy would be 12 to 15%. Yeah. I would say anything north of 14% a year is good. Okay. Anything north of 14% a year is good. And sometimes you can get to 14% but you won't even be at two times your money for equity multiplier relation. Yeah, I mean that's that's okay. Uh you know 1 1.8 or more is is pretty decent. Keep in mind these are projections. I mean you can outperform the projections. True. Yeah, it happens all the time. Um I mean that's you know hence the reason for them. Um but that that way you could adjust this thing up top here is what Ryan's talking about. So you're changing the the contribution amounts because normally it would be the 10% right and 90 which is fine but then it's not going to show that down here right and so what he's referencing I mean it show it does I mean it's you're you're breaking it out but you're not getting the IRRa for for you as a general partner. Is that what you're talking about? Yeah. And I and I understand what I'm getting. That's fine. But it's really when I'm creating the pitch deck for the LPS, I want to have accurate numbers based off what they're actually going to get. And of course, we try to outperform it, but um you know the but they are if you if you're looking at like this, I mean technically from the LP's perspective, right? I mean, they're I mean, you're really looking at this. I mean, your your money's separate from it, but you know, you can you can do it one of two ways. You can do it just keep it like this and this is the actual LP money or you can zero it out and include yourself in it. I mean you it's up to you. I I either way but you know that's up to you. Yeah. It just seems if you if we're putting money in that's not accounted for. We're adding our shares in there on the LP side which in fact does change the numbers of cash and all that. Yeah. That's right. That's right. Okay. But it's accurate if we do include it. That's what we want to do, right? Correct. Okay. Got it. Yeah. And that'll answer that one. Beautiful. Awesome. Um, that was a good logistical tactical question. Um, any other specific questions we can kind of go over here in the last few moments about kind of the finding, analyzing deal portion. Uh, Bruce had asked a question asked for brokers today. Not at all sure where it's found. Oh, it's on YouTube. You didn't find You didn't see that, Bruce? Let me give you the link. No, I didn't know that. I thought it was in the down. It should Yeah, it should be in the back, too. Is it? Did you not see it? I did not. And I looked a few times. Okay. Yeah, we'll I'll have them double check make sure that that's in there. I'm I'm pretty sure it is, but if not, we'll double check it. Uh, it is right. here. Copy and I'm gonna put in the chat for you. Jess say something. Okay. About flood zones. I know Ryan had a question on flood zones. Yes, you're definitely going to pay a lot more insurance. Uh especially in Florida, different places they flood. Uh what I did, I bought a piece of land in Florida in November. Um, I know right before I purchased it, remember there was a big hurricane out there. I believe it was in August, July or August. So, I actually flew out there a couple weeks afterwards and what I did, I actually spoke to a couple of the neighbors before I purchased it. I spoke to a couple neighbors. You know, how much how much water you got here? I'm your neighbor, you know. Uh, so I found out, you know, people won't got about two and a half uh two and a half feet of water, you know, around my surrounding area. So again, it was not going to affect my my home construction. Now, the only thing about Florida, you do have, you know, you have homes on stilts, but you also have when you build construction, you also have stem walls. The only thing that sucks about Florida, the maximum heights on a on a stem is only three feet, which sucks because a lot of sections in Florida got up to five feet of water. Yeah. Talking about talking about storm surge. Exactly. So yes, she as far as payments, you're going to pay more insurance, of course. But if he's if Ryan's concerned about damage, you know, uh, you know, having to repair everything, having, you know, x amount of months empty because you keep doing repairs. You definitely want to find out how much water you get in the area. What I did, I flew out there, spoke to all the couple neighbors, find out how much water they got in the area. You know, it was a pretty bad hurricane and uh, yeah, the whole area got about two and a half feet of water where I purchased. So that tells me if I build a home at three feet of stem wall, I'll be fine in the future. But again, depends on it depends on the area you purchase. Other areas in Florida got five five and a half feet of water. So that's what I did. I just go out there and spoke to the neighbors. Yeah. And Ryan was saying the same thing is uh you know because we had to do that and we just tooured the property in in the little ravine or you know area that uh it had never overflowed, right? And you know, sure, there could be a thousand-y year flood and this and that. And listen, if that happens, you know, we're all going to Mexico and having tequila. I mean, for the love of you know what, right? I mean, if it gets that bad, do you really want to be alive anyways? I'm just kidding. But you get you get my point, right? Depends what part of Mexico, right? But you get the point that you just want to make sure, has it overflowed anytime in the last, say, 10 years? And if the answer is no, then you're probably in a pretty decent position to take a little bit of a risk, you know, and then and then just get the insurance. Yeah. Awesome. Thank you. I appreciate that. Beautiful. Um Leandro, what is one of your major goals uh in the next, you know, other than multifamily? We know that. Uh but is it to get a 10 10 unit, 20 unit, 30 unit, uh multiple deals by the end of the year? If I get one, like I told you, I'll be more than happy. You mentioned two two would be amazing, but uh is especially I told you I have a baby coming up, full-time job. I'm super scared about timing. If I get one by the end of the year, I'll be a happy fellow. There you go. Gotta got to get the kiddos going, man. That's right. You mean I'm sure you're stacking up on your sleep hours right now, right? as much as I can because there's also a toddler at home which makes things harder. At least you're right in the heart of it. I like that. Yeah. Uh probably going to start thinking about market. Uh then I wanted to ask you about Atlanta, Georgia, if you have any insight about it. Um a little scared going remote. I know for single family I do remote. For multif family I'm a little a little scared going remote. So, I wanted to talk a little bit about how viable it is. The market here in Atlanta, uh, the Atlanta market's very good outskirts of of Georgia, right, in general. So, it's not just Atlanta, but in the outskirts, you know, Decar and so forth. Um, lots lots of activity going on in in Georgia. So, it's a very good market. That's good to hear. Yeah. Big chance I might go with it for at least to begin with. I mean, if you're if you're located like if you're living and located in one of the top 75 MSAs, which by the way, Atlanta is one of them. Um, you want to work within your market, right? I mean, I wished I could have been in a market where you had a lot of growth or if I was around Dallas and Texas and all that living there. Um, you know, it just makes it a little bit easier if it is in your backyard. Um, it adds another element if you're traveling, which is okay. and you know, part of the part of the deal, but if you can have it in your backyard all day long. And you think pricing makes sense? Uh, it does. Yeah, the market's still growing. A lot of growth coming into that area. So, um, you know, what again is I would I go literally into chat GPT. I mean, you don't even need these data websites we give you anymore because chat GPT is going to scrape it for you. And you can ask chat GBT say, "Hey, tell me a little bit about the population growth, job growth, and median household income for Atlanta, Georgia, and any other surrounding cities, uh, where it's at today and where it's headed in the future based on the data and the information. Go and let it like give you a bunch of data points because it's going to pull it all together and aggregate it for you and spit it out in a nice little chart. Uh, then you can ask it to like put it into a, you know, little Excel thing for you. You can ask it to do anything you want and then and just keep diving in. Literally have a conversation with it about questions you have regarding the market and the viability and the growth or rent growth. You can talk literally talk about rent growth. You know, ask it, hey, what's the rent growth been on average for the Atlanta, Georgia, and outskirt areas and break it out by city in in in Georgia over the last, you know, 24 months, right? And then talk about vacancy and talk and ask it about new construction. say how much new supply and new construction is coming on the market and does it exceed the uh projected demand and literally have a conversation about all the things you're scared about and it'll give you all the data points. It's pretty crazy. Um I mean to be able to do that which has really happened in the last 24 months. You couldn't do that before. Uh you'd have to go scour the data yourself. It would take you a whole day. So now you can do it in 15 minutes. It's crazy. So, I love it. So, I I'm all about it. I'm all about it. And And the data now is all current, right? It's real time. Yeah. Because what it's going to do is it's gonna I mean, you know how the game works is it's going to go pull that from the universe. Okay. And bring it in and then analyze it and then put it into a nice little, you know, summary for you. So, that that's the cool thing is it uh it's it's pulling it from all over the internet in seconds. About 99% chance I will I will stick around Atlanta. Cool. Love it. Uh can I ask a question about LLC stuff? Yeah. Uh because I do have one already where I have my three properties uh under uh that shouldn't be my holding company, right? I should probably create a new uh What kind of properties are in there? Rentals. Yeah, single family. Yeah, you should be fine. Um is that is that a Georgia LLC? It's Wyoming. Wyoming. Okay, even better. Uh, yeah. No, you're totally fine with that because I mean it's it's it's an LLC that's got a couple assets in it. Not a problem. Uh, you can use that as kind of your investment holding company. Um, because they're single family, it's it's not an individual LLC for like a 20 unit apartment building because you're not going to be holding the apartment buildings in it. You're going to hold your interest in the apartments in it. And I can use that one for it. Okay. Sweet. That's good news for that. Yeah. Yeah. You don't need to create a new one. Be great. Uh then yeah, last question from George real quick. Uh your data analyzing spreadsheet would do I have to manually I haven't looked at it. I'm still catching up with the market and videos, but as far as your data analyzing spreadsheet, uh Justin, uh do I manually put the uh property taxes in there or is there a percentage base depending on the area or uh Yeah, yeah, because every county is different on there. um you know we didn't obviously we don't have access to every single county's uh tax assessment. So the best way to do it and we've always taught this is go literally to Google. Well, now for the sake just go to chat GPD and ask them how do they calculate property taxes in the county and put the name of the county and how do they calculate it? And then they're going to give it to you and you're going to say great. I'm planning on purchasing this multifamily apartment building in this area for X. What are the projected property taxes on that building? and it will calculate it for you. Thank you. Yes, Chicago is very it's huge and different properties in Chicago is just a huge difference. Some properties are 3,000 a month, some properties are 8,000 a month, some up to 14,000 a month. It's a huge huge difference. Yeah. So, give it the property address. Literally put in the property address. It'll pull up the county and ask it, hey, how do I calculate the property taxes on this property? And if I'm going to buy it for X dollars, what would the projected property taxes be in 2025 or 2026? And and let it go to work for you. It'll I'm pretty sure it'll break it down. Yeah. And then it may ask you for the assessed value because it may say, "Oh, well, if you're buying it for X, but the assessed value is X minus, right?" Then you say, just give a good assessment of the assessed value. Just pick just pick a number, you know, that that's typically less than what you're buying it for, right? Less than what you're buying it for. You bet. All right, everybody. This was cool. Uh, any other questions before we jump off real quick? I see Claudia in here. Good to see you. Then Mera, good to see you, too. Uh, any any questions on your end before we jump off? No. Beautiful. Yeah. So, everybody has to have a deal by next week or you're fired. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. Um, but no, I would love to hear some stories next week about phone calls you've made to brokers and setting up your initial kind of appointments and property tours, you know, and taking that initial just getting out there because that that's what it takes. It's that initial leap out. Um, and yeah, it's it's unnerving. I get it. But everything you want right now is right outside the comfort zone. Everything you want is right there. So, you just got to kind of get out there and make it happen. And if you fail, fail forward and fall forward. It's all right. It's what we're here for. It's what we're here for. So, beautiful. All right, everybody. Have a great evening. Thanks so much for coming in and uh we will see you on Thursday.