Testing one, two, three. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's on there. Is everybody's coming on in? All right. Turn off the blur in the background. It's got that on there. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. There you go. I don't know why it's blurry here. That's weird. Shouldn't be. Hold on one second. Stand by. Think we know why. There we go. Be better. All right. Can everybody hear me online? Full house. You see? Yes, Michelle. Good to see you. We're getting everything live in here. I don't know if anybody can see that. Get that in there. gonna be a little uh impromptu odd this morning, but that's all right. We'll get going. Oh, I don't want to be don't want to be butt center in that one, do I? Cool. It'd be cool if we actually had this set up under a meeting versus a webinar format because then you, you know, normally you'd see everybody's faces and stuff. Awesome. Cool. And then the uh the bathroom you guys around the corner right there. It's 7691 for that. So if you need to go to the restroom and stuff. though the So each week you're saying our are our our calls? Yeah. So we have the three calls a week uh that this is our Thursday one in the mornings. Correct. And then we have uh Tuesdays in the evenings and then we'll have a Saturday deal call like if you're in the middle of a deal or starting a deal to kind of walk you through that closing process which can you know get pretty hectic. That's usually when people's heads blow off their shoulders. They start to hyperventilate like, "Wait, I have to do all this stuff to close this thing." Yes, you do. But that's why we're here, you know, to keep you from passing out. So, uh, great. So, we see everybody going in there. Perfect. Yeah. So, I'll be kind of coming on this, uh, now and again. I think everybody can still hear me. Uh, let me turn this off. Can everybody hear me? I probably don't need the mic. Small enough room today. Um, so yeah, welcome on in kind of a little, you know, mini little workshop. And the whole point of doing this is really to kind of, you know, we talk about that um the road map, right? And you're going through that road map of getting to that first deal. and you're at stages call, you've onboarded, you're coming through, you're you've set up or you're setting up that website and maybe if you haven't done that yet for the CRM, the website, how many of you have your websites done? I know you guys do. I know you guys do. Okay, perfect. Chad, I know you just came in. So, part of raising money, I think everybody needs to understand this. The part of raising money that's so critically important is people need to trust you. They need to like you, right? Right? So the deal could be the greatest deal on planet Earth, but if I don't like you and I don't trust you, it's going to be very difficult for me to give you any amount of money. Whether it's 25 grand, 50 grand, 100 grand, doesn't really matter. So part of that process of getting people to trust you is setting up some of the back-end administerial so that way you look officially official. And whether that be your CRM system for the investing, the website, you know, you have one, you're a realtor, right? Right. So you have a real estate website, right? If somebody wants to have you sell them their home, they need to know who you are. they need to trust you, right? Because there's 400 million realtors. I used to be one. I still am one technically. Um, but we're a commodity. So, for me to choose you versus you is not because I think you're going to help me sell the home better, that's like a facade, or that I think you can find me a better home. It's that I like you and I trust you a little bit better than the next one over there. And that comes by having an online presence, right? People need to know who you are. Same thing in the investing world, right? Okay. You don't have to have a big one and you don't need to be some guru influencer out there all over the planet, but you need to have some presence to where if I want to learn who you are and learn about your company and what you're doing, I can go to that website and learn, right? No different than any of you did with us before you considered even coming into the community and the program, right? It's the same same process. So, we're going to kind of walk through that today. I know many of you have that set up. Uh, a lot of you don't. And that's kind of one I want to walk through that. And then we're also going to call some brokers this morning. So, we're going to pick some areas and just randomly call them. And I'm going to role play with them live here uh this morning and go through that and then even set up some of the appointments. And then I want to go through with each of you kind of after this first hour with everybody that's on here is we're going to go through and kind of see exactly where you're at to help you build some momentum and getting that first deal under contract, right? That may or may not be there yet. So, we'll be going through that and then after which, you know, our online guests, you know, you guys won't be able to see this today. So, we're going to visit uh two deals over the next two days in the afternoon. So, uh after this, we're going to be getting together and driving down to National City, and we have one of our deals down there that we're done renovating. So, you won't see you won't get to see it in the middle of Renault, which kind of sucks. I wish you would have been able to see it like halfway done, but it's all done and now it's in the stabilization phase. So, we're getting ready to refinance that thing, pull the cash out, pay back investors, and then we're going to hold, you know, moving forward. And that's an 80unit apartment complex that we bought in December 2022. Uh, and it was a home run. I mean, um, and it came right after I heard you talking about what was it? Walking away from a deal. What was the what were you mentioning, uh, Tony? &gt;&gt; You never get hurt, uh, by walking away from a deal, &gt;&gt; right? So, yes, and that is technically true. It could still be painful, right? could still be painful. But yes, walking away from several thousands or thousands is a lot less than millions, right? And to speak on that, how this deal in National City even came about was because of a deal we walked away from in Texas in uh October of 2022. It was a 200 unit, $33 million apartment complex that we were in escrow in on. We went into escrow in April of 2022, right before the Fed decided to have their fun with the interest rates and go up. I mean, we knew they were going to go up, so I wasn't naive, but not 11 times in 9 months, right? I mean, that was a bit excessive, right? And everybody's still feeling it today. Um, so back then the market was still hot enough to where in order to get a contract, you had to have non-refundable deposit money up front. So we had a half million from day one, non-refundable. So if we went in and did our inspections and we didn't like it, unless there was something specific about the that was a lie or we found out that was part of the reps and warranties, you know, we couldn't just back away to back away, right? So you do a lot of due diligence up front and we' done everything. Great property. We had walked it 400 times and we knew that thing really well before we went into escrow. That was the property was not the problem. And the location, everything was beautiful, right? Property is in good condition. 1980s class B, great area, great neighborhood, great schools, great rents, great everything. The problem was the financing, right? We went in with interest rates being at 4 and a quarter and before we decided to walk away 6 months later, by the way, 6 months later in escrow, it was at 9 and a quarter on the interest rates. And at that time, it just wasn't going to make financial sense. And so push came to shove. It was in October of 2022. We had tried and tried and tried, but we were going to be fitting a square peg in a round hole. And you know at that time we had 800,000 hard because now we had 300,000 of due diligence money. And it wasn't just us. We had two partners or two other partners. So a total of three people. So when I talk about OPM and general partnerships and co-general partnerships and all that stuff, we were a co-general partnership with two other groups and us in order to take down a $33 million 200 something unit complex, beautiful complex in Texas. So you don't do that alone. very rarely will you ever sit there stroking checks for, you know, $12 million in cash. So, that was the down payment, right? That was the equity in. And obviously, we didn't have all of that. We brought in some of it, but then they brought in the rest. And then we raised from investors the rest of it. But all of that money, the 800 grand, so we do not risk investor money until um we're getting ready to close. So, that was all of ours, right? And and that's the difference because um yeah, we just don't we don't do that. So even though we've ra we raised the money it was it was getting half of it was in the account half of it was coming in we do not put that at risk with our investors until we are ready to close because in case something like this happens the last thing we want to have happen is oh we didn't close on the deal and I can't give you your money back. I mean could you imagine that conversation and then the lawsuits to follow [laughter] it would not go well. So yeah, or yeah, or or or you're in a in a in a hole like with a shovel and some sand, right? Something like that. Um, so yeah, about took me it took us two weeks to kind of think through it and yeah, and then I ended up waking up one morning and I said, you know what, I can't do it. I can't do it. I can't put a square peg in a round hole. I'm not going to force feed and risk $12 million of investor money. you know, we're gonna take the painful, very painful uh decision to walk away from that deal. And while it was a very painful financial experience, it was hands down the best business decision I have ever made. I've ever made because because of the way we handled that, the investors saw that we took it in the shorts pretty good, but protected them. And 90 days later, the deal you're about to see this afternoon came to us completely off market through the family's attorney. So this family that sold us this deal, we're in line for their other projects here in San Diego. They own about 900 units in San Diego. And it's a very wealthy family that the husband died, the wife inherited the portfolio. She brought in the family's attorney out of retirement to help them dispose of this portfolio. And we got wind of it with another guy and uh one of my other partners, Rudy Medina, who's my mentor. He had the access to this deal completely off market pre-market offmarket, right? And when I saw it and Rudy told me about it, I knew the location. We had just sold two other small complexes within a mile of this one you're about to see today. So, I knew the rents, I knew the area, I knew the neighborhood, I knew how it was improving, right? So, National City, just so all of you know, if you have not been down to National City, it's South Bay San Diego. Uh, it's a, you know, B minus C plus, you know, area, workforce housing, bluecollar area of San Diego. And but it's depending on where you're at in National City, it's good blocks and bad blocks. Where this one's at in the good section, right? And it's all improving and all these things are happening, right? But high lat high Latin population, all that stuff, right? Which is great. And but I knew it. I mean, when I saw the rents, guys. So, this family had owned this thing for 40 years, no debt on it. Um, their onebedrooms they were leasing at 900 a month for a onebedroom. And we knew we could get 1,800 all day long, right? Double double by doing renovation, a value ad. And then the two bedrooms they were renting for 1,400 that we could get 2,800 2,700 all day long renovated. So we're moving them 100%. This isn't even a $100 per month bump. This is like thousands. And I knew it. I'm like, "Oh my god, sign that thing." I didn't even look at the property. I said, "Rudy," I said, "This is this is like this is a once in a lifetime type deal." And uh so we locked it up. And funny story is there were three other people in the running for that including us. We ended up paying a little bit more and then some better terms and on the offer and we got it locked up. The guy behind us, his name's Willie Aad. Willie Aad. Very private guy. I've tried to get him on a podcast a couple times and all that stuff. He loved the deal so much that he lost it, but then he ended up being our number one investor. So, he's now the number one investor with $4 million in the deal, right? Is one of the top guys. And then all the money from Texas came into that deal because of the way we handled losing our ass and we're having to walk away from 800 grand. I still think about it. I'm like, "Oh my god." But I knew I couldn't do it because it was a it best a 50-50 shot. At best a 50-50 shot in that deal in Texas that we would get it renovated, get it up to where it needed to be and be able to refinance that thing into the fixed rate debt because we were going to be under variable rate renovation stuff that you know we all look at and then hope and pray we could refinance it and hope and pray we wouldn't have any issues in the market. Well, knock on wood, here we are now, you know, a few years later and there 100% the keys would have been back to the bank and we would have not just lost, you know, 800 grand, we would have lost $12 million of investor money and ours gone and that would have ruined our reputation in perpetuity. So, goes to show you there's a difference between doing things right and doing the right thing. I always say, you know, because if your boss comes to you and says, "Hey, we need profit margins at 20% by the end of Q1. In order to do that, you need to screw some people over and do things that you know aren't going to work out." And I mean, at the same time, it's technically fraud because there's no way I could have probably raised the remaining money that we needed to raise for that thing without being a bit nefarious. Knowing what I knew that, hey, there's a decent chance we may not make it. And yet I'm selling right the gravy train. It just it wouldn't go well. It wouldn't go well because um they would have Yeah. Hands they would have looked backwards at that thing and said, "Huh, what did you know?" Right. And trying to sell this thing and and and fit it into um you know, fit it into this thing to just get it across the finish line. So you preserve your your money, you get your acquisition fees, and you know, it's a short-term win, right? Okay? Because then you get two years later and now you're fukued. And so that that uh that was that was a good that was a tough decision, but one of the best ones, you know, and you can't control markets. I mean, if you're in a deal, you can't control the market, but if you know about something, you just it was trust me. I mean, I sat there for a while going, "God, what do we do?" Right? What do you do? I mean, that's a lot of money. It's a lot of money to have to walk away from. Um, but was the best decision I've ever made on a business decision ever. So, hopefully none of you ever have to do that. You know, knock on wood. I see Hayden in the back. Good to see you, sir. Down from Tmacula. Beautiful. Uh, any questions coming in from anybody online about that beautiful story? And I think some of you have heard that before. There's Thankfully, I don't have a lot of them. Um, okay, cool. So, let's do this, uh, as we kind of get going here. Um, I want to go ahead and I'm going to pull up, uh, where should we go this morning and call some brokers? Chime in online, guys. Where should we go this morning to call some brokers? Where do you guys want to go? You You say it. Ohio, please. [laughter] Okay, cool. Anywhere else? Any choices in here? Nashville, Tennessee. Okay, we got Dallas, Texas, Mr. Johnny. Atlanta, Georgia. Okay, we could probably do some of those. Uh we'll we'll flip a coin. So, yeah, let's do uh let's do Nashville. And then let's also uh do Ohio. Let's do Ohio. So, let me look up a couple of these things and then we'll uh just do some random calling and I'll put it on the mic so everybody can hopefully hear it as it's coming through. So, stand by. I'm going to share my screen so that way everybody can kind of see what we're rolling in on. So, let's go to Ohio. And let's see if I can pull up. I'll do Let's do 50. Let's go up to 50 units and then we'll do 10. Make sure this is off. How was the drive in this morning you guys? You guys faced some fun traffic. And then we are going to have uh a mini little happy hour thing between 4:30 and 6:30 this evening at Dave and Busters in Mission Valley. So uh you know if you guys are around for that where is everybody mostly staying that came in that isn't like in town stuff because you're where you staying &gt;&gt; Mission &gt;&gt; Mission Valley and then you guys are in &gt;&gt; 10 minutes. Yeah. Okay, perfect. Yeah, it'll be near your guys's hotel which is the Mission Valley area. All right, let's go. Let's see who we got. We got that's a cool little 22 unit. There we go. Trent Sky is our is our broker guy. I'm already logged in. All right. 614 917. See if he picks up 780. Let me get some. He doesn't have a lot of information on this thing. He's got a little flyer. 22 units. Been on 30 days. Oh, 134 days. Never mind. Take that back. family occupancy. Okay, gotcha. 1964 build. Looks like some basic renovations in there. Me get some just looking at a couple of other pieces of info here before I give him a ring. Ranch styleies. Yeah, he's got some of the unit mix stuff down in here. And I've not pulled up um kind of loan information yet on this one, but you know, you could. But okay, let's see if he wants to pick up here. Grab the uh this mic so you guys can all hear this. Testing. Testing. Testing. Testing. Testing. Hello. Hello. Oh, that's why. Testing. Oh, yeah. That's loud. It's good. Hello. Hello. Hello. Okay. Much better. Cool. This will pick it up here, too. Okay. What's his name? Trent. Trent Sky. All right, Trent. Let's see if you're having a good Thursday. I won't leave a message here. &gt;&gt; Hello, this is Trent. Go ahead, leave me a message and I'll get back to you really soon. &gt;&gt; Let's try another one. Let's do 40 units. Toledo, Ohio. Beth Rose. Beth do 419 6223. Hey, Beth. Uh, can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Can we help you with something? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Beth. Uh, can you hear me? Okay, &gt;&gt; sir. Can we help you? &gt;&gt; Yes. Now, I'm making sure. Can you hear me? Okay. &gt;&gt; And you are? &gt;&gt; Uh, my name's Justin Brennan. I'm calling on one of your guys' apartment complexes on Beth's apartment complex. &gt;&gt; Yes. Are you on our website? &gt;&gt; Uh I was actually coming off of Craigslist. Yes. And I was looking at the one on Brooks Park Drive in Toledo. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Uh so it's been out about 41 days. Um can you tell me a little bit about that complex? &gt;&gt; I can have Beth give you a call. And you are Justin B ren a r? &gt;&gt; Uh b re n an &gt;&gt; and I've got 619823 2120. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Okay. And your email address? Uh Justin J S I N Brennan B as in boy ren Anthehotmail.com. &gt;&gt; All righty. I will give Beth a call and she can handle all your questions. &gt;&gt; Appreciate it. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Let's try another one. Uh, well, I think that what they're doing is they just have a a placeholder price in there because that obviously doesn't make much sense, right? &gt;&gt; Um, so let's do let's take a look at KWS here. So, we got Columbus, Ohio, Mr. Jeffrey. Let's see if this goes to his cell phone versus office here. Let's try that. Hello &gt;&gt; 591 8559 and uh can everybody hear me? So when I was talking and stuff I know obviously you know everybody in here can but uh in terms of online could you hear? Okay. Okay. Perfect. Yeah. Just want to make sure that just to make sure you can hear. And let's give this one a call. He's got 57 days on market, 1.5 million 16 units in Columbus. Cool. &gt;&gt; Our system has flagged your phone number as Sam. If this is an error, we apologize for the inconvenience. To reach us, please either send us an email or call back from a different phone number. &gt;&gt; That's a first. [laughter] So, apparently I'm spam now. Hold on. We're going to try that again. That doesn't make any sense. I think it's getting me to his office, which I was trying to get direct. Um, is that the right number? 6159. Oh, that's Oh, wait. 591. That's right. 8559. Yeah. Let's try that again. What do you mean spam? &gt;&gt; Our system has &gt;&gt; Wow. Okay, that's that is new. That was probably Rose calling back. Shoot, I should have grabbed that. little 15 unit. This going to be the same one. Let's see if it's the same agent. Take them to their office. No, we got Kyle. It's got to Yeah, one of these guys has got to pick up. Uh 513 3 3540 it's looking a little rough. 119 days on market million five OM there 15 units. Okay. The other one's an auction. That's why Your call has been forwarded to &gt;&gt; Let's try another one. 2 4 Z. Well, Rose did call me back. One second. So, let's check in with her. It's an auction. Let's talk auctions. Go back to that property. It's the one up for 100 grand. Right. This one here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hello, Beth Rose. &gt;&gt; Hey, Beth. This is Justin Brennan. How are you? &gt;&gt; Wonderful. How are you &gt;&gt; doing? Good. Yeah, thanks for calling back so quickly. Um, &gt;&gt; yeah, I was obviously Yeah, I'm now understanding obviously an auction, but that's great. So, that's the bidding to start price. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And the bidding is going to end today at 4 o'clock Eastern. &gt;&gt; Yep. Can I email you the due diligence package so you can get your eyes on that right away? &gt;&gt; I can. Yeah, I appreciate that. Um I think they took down my email, but I can give you another one as well if &gt;&gt; Yeah, that will help me. I'm not at the office. I'm in Florida. Okay. &gt;&gt; Doing the auction. What is that? &gt;&gt; It is Justin J. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; At and then it's uh brennanpolley.com. I'll spell that for you. It's B as in boy, R E N, and then Poli is P as in Paul, O HL E.com. And um yeah, so I guess uh is it foreclosed on auction or is it just a decision of the seller to sell it this way? &gt;&gt; It is. Uh it's not one of my foreclosures. &gt;&gt; Have you been on my site before? &gt;&gt; Uh I have not, but I was going to it. Yeah, that's why I pulled it up to &gt;&gt; do a lot. I do the foreclosures for the government insured loans in Ohio. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; So, I get the really I get the best flips in Ohio. But no, this is a non-distress. &gt;&gt; This is um this is two sellers that live in New York bought these units. Um they're very well managed by KLM. Do you know who that is? &gt;&gt; I do. &gt;&gt; Florida, New York. Yeah, they're pretty big. &gt;&gt; They I'm pretty impressed with them. They when I email them, I mean within two minutes I have anything I need is unheard of with &gt;&gt; Yeah. the financials and all the all the DD. &gt;&gt; That's what I'm going to send you. Um, you will see in the photos when you go to my site, I'm going to send you the direct links. Every time somebody moved out, they went in and gutted the place. So, white kitchens, white baths, laminate wood floors, paint, white woodwork. So, you'll see you've got the white kitchens, which are the newly rehab, the tenants that have been there a long time. They have the oak kitchens, which is fine, but you can tell the difference. Um, very few. I think he's only got three vacant right now out of 40. Um, they're really great actually. &gt;&gt; Is it a a ca cash requirement or is there financable? &gt;&gt; Oh, it's financable. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And when and uh because it's like you said it's it's not being foreclosed on um just being sold this way. Uh obviously they have a I'm guessing a reserve price. &gt;&gt; They do. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um do do you share do you It's subject to their confirmation. I'm gonna have them on the phone. It's ending. So, &gt;&gt; okay, that makes sense. &gt;&gt; But yeah, no, these are these are Do you know anything about Toledo? &gt;&gt; Uh, we do. Yeah, we've been up into the Columbus areas and around there. I've not specifically been to Toledo yet, but yeah, in the Ohio markets quite a bit. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Cleveland, middle. &gt;&gt; Oh gosh, I get Columbus. I get Cleveland. You got to when we get off the phone, you'll have to download my app. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Just go to your app store. It's free app. Just type in Bethrose Auctions. I get Cleveland, Columbus, Cincinnati. I get it all. Um, and I post new auctions every day. And then I just signed a contract in September. This winter I have an additional 200 a month coming. So, um, yeah, it's the And most of these are in solvent estates or fallout from the pandemic, from the forbearances. Got it. That's what they are. But this one, it's in Washington local school system, which you know, every area is driven by school system. Um, this is in Washington local, which is a suburb school. It's not Toledo public, which is good. And, um, that's what I that's, you know, when we advertise something, we're like, "Oh, it's in Washington local." Because that's really all people care about is the location. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; This is right at the Toledo, Michigan border. I could throw a ball to the Michigan border. So, it's in a really good location. Um, but yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, listen, as long as as long as you'll take me to a Notre Dame game over in South Bend, which is not terribly far from here, we're good to go. Beth, &gt;&gt; Buckeye game, &gt;&gt; you know, I'm a Notre Dame guy. It's It's a school I It's a school I didn't go to that I wanted to go to, but I don't think they would let me in. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; it is nice. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, yeah. So, yeah, whether this works out or not, but obviously I have your info down because &gt;&gt; yeah, get get access to um you know, whether you call it pre-market stuff, &gt;&gt; you know, pre-auction stuff, whatever it is. I mean, we're buyers and we got a a lot of other folks in our in our pool. So, &gt;&gt; uh would love to do some business. &gt;&gt; Closure ones, if you contact me, text me, call me. This is myself, obviously. Um, great about answering my phone, but if you call me the day before an auction ends [clears throat] and ask me my planif instructions, what the bank bid is, how you win, how you win these is know that number. It's not illegal for you to ask me that. As long as you're a hundred bucks more than the bank and you hold your breath that nobody bids against you, that's how you win those foreclosures. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So on the reserves in this case being a reserve price one which is fine uh you know I call it your whisper price your price guidance I mean are you able to disclose that or not at this time? &gt;&gt; No selling real estate for 35 years so you can ask me anything. Um yeah I'm conservative just so you know I am not you know you're not paying retail for anything when you talk to me. I'm more on the because I work with investors like people like you. &gt;&gt; Yeah because we we syndicate our equity right. So, we'll come in, you know, let's call it whatever the number this is, you know, we'll pull down a 65% 70% loan. Uh, we'll bring in the rest of the equity. We're bringing in a good portion of it. And then we have our investor pool that we already have set up and we'll we'll bring in the rest of the equity. Um, so yeah, it's got to make sense, right? And get into at least the &gt;&gt; the the teens on an IRR and um we can usually take it down. So, here is the conversation I had with the seller and I'm I'm being conservative. So, I when I comped these, I comped them at about 50 a door. However, last week there was a unit that came for sale. It's a six unit on Brook Park that is 575 adore. Um, and then there is another six unit that came on the market not even a month ago, I would say. Call it three weeks. 96,000 and some change a door. So I was like, "Yeah, I'm pretty pretty reasonable." There were there's a 10 unit that went on the market about a month ago. I don't know if it's still available, but it was over by Toledo Hospital was in Toledo public schools, not suburb school. That was uh a 10 unit 55 a door and then there was another six unit for 55 a door. So use that guidance to your benefit. So there you go. &gt;&gt; Okay, fair enough. Fair enough. I appreciate that. &gt;&gt; That's that's conservative. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, you know, that's that's where my head was. &gt;&gt; Um for &gt;&gt; who knows what it'll bring &gt;&gt; lender. So, last two questions. Number one is are there decent property management companies in that area that other clients are using currently that you may provide a list of? &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's a slim It's a slim list, Justin. &gt;&gt; I know. I know. I know. I know. That's That's why I was t I was I was tactful with my language there because I know how challenging it could be. &gt;&gt; Well, it's just you know who the good and the bad are. And yes, I I do have a couple I can give you. They're very good. I work with people like you all the time. And sometimes I've never, you know, I sold 67 houses to a guy from Oregon that I never met him, but boy, we talked on the phone all the time. We knew everything about each other. and another group bought a hundred out of Salt Lake City. Um, no. So, I don't put you in a bad position, but yes, I can probably give you two. &gt;&gt; Uh, that'll give you a a good &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then we'll go through our process of vetting them, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, yeah. But there's probably a half a dozen in Toledo, but I'll give you two. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then on the lending side, are there local regional banks within the Ohio market that would lend on smaller deals like this? &gt;&gt; I do. I've got a really good guy on this one. I've already talked to him about it. Um, and you'd be in excellent hands with them. He's good. He's smart. He's aggressive. He already knows this property. So, &gt;&gt; since it's pretty stabilized, would you just are you are you probably looking in the mid 6% range on on debt right now for something like this? Um with the rates probably. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean somewhere between six and seven in there. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Where are you located? Are you San Diego? &gt;&gt; Uh currently in San Diego. We also have an office in Texas in outside of Austin. So we're back and forth between the Midwest. You know, we've purchased stuff all up and down the upper Midwest and you know, Kansas City and so forth. So &gt;&gt; yeah, I am getting ready and I'll put this bug in your ear. I'm getting ready to go national. And so I've been working with two attorneys and that's going to happen probably late winter. Um all 50 states foreclosures and one of them is the chair of HUD. There's 65,000 HUD properties coming through the pipeline. Everything's on the back burner right now because the government's kind of a mess. And &gt;&gt; the government's a mess, Beth. No. &gt;&gt; Well, you know, not a problem. &gt;&gt; I thought they had all their stuff together. Let me let me just rephrase that. I'm not their priority. Um I think they got other ones. &gt;&gt; So do you Let me ask you a question. Do you get in I mean I know you sell all this stuff, but please tell me you're investing with your investors sometimes. &gt;&gt; I can't. &gt;&gt; You can't. Oh, because Oh, because you're Oh, because it's it's the HUD stuff. It's the federal. &gt;&gt; It's a federal. I'm vetted. &gt;&gt; I sign your deed. I am the seller. And so me I got &gt;&gt; there has got to be a workaround Beth. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; I mean I would fire myself if I couldn't do this. If I had access to all these things and I was not involved in them and somehow holy crap. &gt;&gt; Oh made I mean these guys love me. You know the guys from Cincinnati that buy they're like my god Beth we just made 170 grand on a flip on this one and 110 on that one. I'm like yeah I get them. I get the good stuff, but no, I can't buy. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, we'll figure we'll figure something out. &gt;&gt; We'll figure something out, Justin. &gt;&gt; All right. Uh, well, yeah, I'll look for your email. I appreciate that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And yeah, whether it's this one or future ones, we'll see what we can do. &gt;&gt; There's a ton of them. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; All right. You're welcome. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, that was fun. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; How interesting was that phone conversation? Uh, that's actually one of the better calls I've had with a broker. Um, &gt;&gt; well, no, that's what I was going to say. Well, first of all, all of you should have that. And everybody online, she's going to get, she's going to get like 400 phone calls from like all of you. Hey, I'm in multif family school. Do you have some foreclosures? [laughter] So, everybody online, be taxful. You get, you can get her number here. You know, you all have it. Um, &gt;&gt; oh, we all like hot markets. &gt;&gt; So, here's uh Miss Beth Rose. You see her number right there. So, whether it's once again, she has lots. So, this is clearly a great person to have connect connections with and whether it's in Ohio or other parts around there. You you already heard her. She's going to be going national. So, very interesting. And if she's representing these foreclosure uh Fanny May, Freddy Mack, HUD type loans, that's what she's representing, then it's government stuff. So, the great news is the government's very inefficient with their money and they'll sell things when they get the best buyer, not necessarily the best price. So, um very interesting, great conversation. So, I would stamp mark her and slowly uh reach out and have conversations. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Uh she she said go on to the app store and she has her own app called Bethrose &gt;&gt; Bethrose Auctions. Beth Rose Auctions. Yeah. So, follow it there. But, um this is a great broker for the Ohio market and probably other ones. Um yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you're not going to have contingencies. Yeah. So, here's how it works. Um, which is great you're bringing this up. So, with auctions, I asked the question, could it be financable? You heard that. So, yes, it can. So, that's helpful. So, you're not having to be all cash on these deals. Um, so you could come in, but you're going to need to move relatively quickly. Um, you know, have that's why they have a leadup time, right? So you this thing probably started, you know, 90 days ago leading up to the auction date which ends tomorrow. So there's a runup to that period and people are putting in offers. It's pretty dumb to put in an offer ahead of time in my opinion. Um because they'll leverage it against each other. That's just what good brokers will do. Like if if I came in at, you know, she said let's call it 50,000 a door for 40 units, that's $2 million, right? Is that right? Yeah. That's $2 million. So, let's say it was two and a half million hypothetically for a minute on 40 units and that was my price. And I would just back into that thing to see if that made sense. But I it's going to be somewhere between 2 million to probably 3 million bucks, I'm guessing, because she just gave me the indication it's somewhere in that 50 to 60,000 a door range as guidance based upon what she was saying. Um, and now you can always ask that. So, if there isn't a price on a property that you're looking at, what is what's called the whisper price? And you guys know this, everybody that's been having conversations and or what's price guidance? It's one of those two questions. What is the whisper price or price guidance? So, um Hayden, when you did yours in Tucson, your first one, was there a price on it or did you have to determine the price? There was a price on it. Okay. Um walk through that transaction. Um the the hurdles that you went through, right? Right. Cuz they had that was seller financing a portion of it, right? And then you guys came in with how much? Where's my other We had that little mic. Where'd that go? Is it Kevin? Do you have that? Oh, that can go to Hayden. That way they can hear him talk. Testing. One, two, three. Um, &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Testing. Can everybody hear Hayden? Thumbs up if you can hear Hayden. &gt;&gt; Hello. Hello. Hello. Should be working. chime in in the chat. Yes, they can. Yeah. So, walk through that uh transaction with the seller financing because that's why I wanted to talk about that one specifically because of the seller financing component &gt;&gt; and how you negotiated it and then bringing in the money, right? Because I remember you specifically on that deal, &gt;&gt; you were about halfway through the the equity raise on the capital &gt;&gt; and then your due diligence time was running out. So, we had conversations, do I keep going? Do I not? I haven't raised all the money yet. all that all those kind of things that start coming to your mind. And I think I responded with, well, if you've raised half the money, &gt;&gt; you absolutely go &gt;&gt; because what it's telling you is at least investors are interested in it &gt;&gt; because they're giving you money. &gt;&gt; So now it's just a matter of getting a few more to close it out, right? And then I also asked you what is the minimum amount you need to close, &gt;&gt; right? Because you don't necessarily need to raise all the money prior to close cuz some of that money could be for due diligence, for renovations, for other closing costs, other things. You can always raise money later, too, FYI. So, you can close on the property and continue to raise money, just so you're all aware. You don't, it's not like close and we're done. I mean, we we raised on the one you're going to see down in National City today. We raised for six months after we closed that deal, and we raised $7.2 $2 million, but we had 6 million raised to close. We had to raise another million two postc close and we did that within a few months. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So the bank So if you're doing let's say a 65% LTV. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Isn't the bank requiring you to come in with that? &gt;&gt; They're requiring you to come in with the amount needed to close. So what whatever that number is, right? Once again, that may include some reno dollars and it it could be more than just your down payment and closing costs and stuff, but it's probably not the total amount. It's somewhere less than that, right? And similar what what Hayden went through. So, walk through that one. So, that one, yeah, we we raised about half with about two weeks or about a month left in through or yeah, about a month left through due diligence. Then we ended up with about a week left. We had we had the whole thing raised up. Uh we needed $650,000 uh 40% down on a $1.34 million property. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So we need a total raise of 650,000 and we're going to put 800,000 down or $800,000 was the loan, the seller finance loan. Uh so we raised the whole thing with about two weeks left. Then we go to collect all of the money. we lost uh 250,000 of just soft commitments. So we at that point is when we were &gt;&gt; But you learned a lesson in that too because we discussed that one. We said, "Hey, as soon as they give you the commitment, you want to try and ideally get the paperwork and all that stuff out to get the money into the account." &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; As soon as you can. Yeah. Right. As soon as you can. &gt;&gt; Yeah. As that's why you get the uh we we also learned that's why you get the legal documents ready once you have a signed you're in escrow. get them going as soon as possible cuz at worst case scenario they can just credit that towards your next you know whatever you pay &gt;&gt; correct and and the cost of all the legal that goes on guys is reimbured by the deal so it's all into the closing cost and as we' expressed before your first set of legal documents is always the most expensive that's where you're at probably between 10 to 15,000 somewhere in there your second set will probably half that and once again the deals reimburse you for it so yeah you may be a little bit out of pocket initially But then you get reimbursed by the deal specifically. So &gt;&gt; yes. So uh and that was so 650 was the whole raise. We ended up losing 250 of that. Um but to close it was just over 525,000. &gt;&gt; To close. Yep. So then we just scratched and clawed to the finish line and got that and then probably spent another uh two months to raise the remaining Yeah. 100 plus thousand. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Got it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So just so you understand it it's not always perfect uh where it's all done. Sometimes you it does and we've had that where we've been able to raise it all immediately but we always make sure we raise the minimum amount to close &gt;&gt; and then you can raise some post. &gt;&gt; Couple questions coming in from the group. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh mainly can you expand on what Rose was talking about when or Beth was talking about when she said call the day after the auction and if you bid I think it was 100 call the &gt;&gt; David before the auction the auction. Yeah. Can you can you kind of explain that a little bit? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So what she was referencing is if she was doing an actual foreclosure the one that we're calling on is not a foreclosure. They're just doing an auction method to sell. But if most of the one she does is a government foreclosure, right? Either HUD loan that's getting foreclosed on, Fanny May getting foreclosed on, Freddy Mack getting foreclosed on. So if you call, the way that I would play the game, just so you all know how I would play this game on the foreclosure, is I'm going to I'm going to be riding her coattail all the way till today, which she says tomorrow's the end of the auction. And I'm going to know everything and I'm going to build the greatest goodwill with Beth Rose going into the last day. And I'm not going to give them an offer yet, right? But I'm going to start to feel it out to get an idea. And you know, there's there's ways to ask some questions to get little bit of, you know, inward here, inward there, you know, of like, oh, where it's probably where's the highest probably at right now, Beth, just to give me idea in the last hours is when this thing ramps up, right? That's just what'll happen. Like any auction, eBay, I mean, you you guys have all been a part of that game. It all ramps up at the end and then they they lock in the emotion. Right. And and we did this for years uh in real estate sales. So I don't know if any of you have heard of a company called Harkorts. Hardcourts. Okay. That's a New Zealandbased real estate company. Australia as well. So if you go outside of the United States and go actually down to Australia, New Zealand and all over even Europe and stuff. They sell homes traditionally via the auction method. They don't do a list price and then negotiate down. They do a bidding to start price and negotiate up. You always end up at the same value. It's wild. This market is pretty cool. But rather than negotiating down to where you sell, they negotiate up to where you sell. The seller has a reserve. So, we have a non-disclosed reserve price that any seller of any home would have that has to be met. Otherwise, the seller is not forced to sell anything. And they just do all the disclosures upfront, all the information upfront. No different than Beth was about to give all of us. She's sending it over via email. It's going to have inspections because they do all of this upfront, just so you know. to do an auction property. They have inspectors go in and out of the property. They have all the due diligence documents, everything that's done on the property. You can do your own because there's usually a leadup to it. So, if I saw this thing come on 90 days ago and I really liked it, I would have flown out toward the property, gotten all my due diligence done, at least as best as I can. So, that way I'm going into this thing knowing everything I'm getting. And that way, you can bid confidently. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Commission percentage of the entire sale. &gt;&gt; Yeah, correct. &gt;&gt; What's to have her not BS about you're writing a coach all the way? &gt;&gt; She can she can she can completely me. Uh but at the end of the day, it's it's we're not dealing with residential real estate. It has to make financial sense. That's the beauty of it. It doesn't matter. Meaning, I'm not going to get emotionally carried away about the property. All I'm going to do is bid to the financials, right? It's like, you know, if somebody outbids me, that just means that their cost of capital, meaning their cost of their money, is cheaper. That's all it means. Because all things being equal, they're looking at the same financials I am. So, the only way they're going to be able to bid more is if they don't really want or need the returns. Their cost of their money is cheaper, and therefore, they don't need to get 15 20% per year returns on their on their money. You know, it could be I mean, technically, you could have a a high netw worth doctor that wants to pay, you know, buy 40 units all for himself. He may not need 18% a year. He may be cool with 10, 12 because he's trying to avoid taxes, just sit on something himself, own it all free. He doesn't need invest, doesn't have investors he has to provide for. So, his cost of money is cheaper. So, therefore, he can pay more. That's the only way that's going down because we're all staring at the same financials. It's just what is the cost of that money? What do I have to give back? And that's why I was letting her know we syndicate our money, right? You heard me say that we syndicate our money and therefore that means that I have to provide at least teens on my returns to investors. Otherwise, I can't raise money. You guys have all seen that. If you go try and raise money and and they ask you what what does it produce? And you tell them h about 9 10% a year on your money, they're like, well, I can get that in a 401k and it's safe and it's liquid. Why would I go stick it into real estate and have it be illquid and then increase the risk a little bit? Right? So that's why it has to be 14 15% a year for an investor to give you their money. Right. &gt;&gt; Uh I think she mentioned there are no contingencies on that. &gt;&gt; Correct. That's right. &gt;&gt; Once you place the bid, maybe you win it. I think EMD is at risk. How structured like &gt;&gt; That's right. Which is why the due diligence happens up front, which is why they provide a bunch of that stuff up front, which is why they give a 90-day lead time or 60-day lead time leading up to the actual date. So, all this due diligence, all these inspections, all the stuff that you would do while in contract is done in advance of contract. Yep. &gt;&gt; I just set up the app. I replace how do they I mean how they &gt;&gt; the same way they would vet you as a normal buying process. They're going to ask for proof of Yep. They're going to ask for proof of funds, right? So, everybody online right now in terms of proof of funds, this is how you handle the proof of funds question. And if you go to that video I have about the top 10 questions brokers ask blah blah blah, you'll hear how I respond to it. And my response is, well, we syndicate our money. So, yes, I can show you proof of funds for the 10% I'm bringing in, plus some sort of lender letter that I'll get from our lender that's going to provide 65 70% loan contingent upon these things and then the rest of the money we raise. Okay. Well, do you have those investors lined up? We do have a pool of investors that we go to for our money. Correct. &gt;&gt; Wire the EMD. &gt;&gt; No, you're not. &gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, yeah. You may wire the EMD, the deposit. Yeah, correct. But that but that deposit, keep in mind, is 1%. typically. So that 1% is still less than your 10% you're bringing in. &gt;&gt; Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; No, totally. I'm wondering like how everything is structural and because it's an auction &gt;&gt; because let's let's say let's let's financially break down that property. Let's assume it's $2 million for a minute, right? So 70% on that is a million4. So that's your loan. 70% on $2 million is a million4. So now we're talking about 600 grand. That's the down payment equity that we need to raise for this deal. That means I'm bringing in 60K. So, I need to show 60K in cash in a proof of fund statement to the broker and then I'm going to show them how we bring in the rest, right? The other 540 that we're going to need to raise and then I'll show that we have a lender lined up to provide that million for a loan and therefore they feel comfortable. They've vetted us enough. And listen, once again, it's competition. Meaning, if I am the best offer on the table, but if the next guy next to me is bidding two million and they're cash, who do you think is going to win? Right? So, that's just part of the game. It's just part of the game. But if you're the best and highest, right? Or maybe you're offering 25 versus a $2 million cash, then they're just going to really make sure that, okay, you're giving us a half million more. We're We're down with that, but we just need to double check you can perform before we negate this $2 million cash offer. &gt;&gt; You think the second in line if the first one? &gt;&gt; Oh, they're they all hang out. Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; But they are like obligated to perform. &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no, no. &gt;&gt; No, you're not obligated. We We closed on a deal in February of this year. We were the third buyer. So, the first guys went in overpaid. They got in and said, "Eh, doesn't work." They backed out. Then the other guys went in. Still too high a price. They backed out. And then we were sitting there, when I say we, Terrence Murphy, who is our co-general partner on the deal out in Texas in College Station. This is 144 unit called the Grove. And it was originally in escrow at 165 for 144 units just outside of Texas A&amp;M Aggie Station. We got it for 116 because we were third. We waited because we just financials, right? People were over speculating the financials and we're like, "Guys, I mean, I didn't know that market, but Terrence lives there." Like, he's like, "Dude, I know this market inside and out. I know what challenges are going on and blah blah blah. We have to underwrite to today's market, not future hope and pray that some of these guys are doing." And then lo and behold, he's there and he could strike pretty quickly. So, he was able to go lock in that deal. And then we came in as a partner with him to close on it. So, yeah, that's kind of how you would handle it. But, yeah, you're not required uh if you're the second or third bidder to do anything. Yeah, they would have to come back to you, double check it all, and then just like buying a house, right? If you're in line, second in line on 10 offers, yeah, your backup position, and then, okay, are you still in the deal? You still good? Okay, let's go ahead and and move forward. Yeah. question came in from Kelly. Uh just basically asking what happens if the reserve isn't met on the non-forceclosure auctions. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Then the seller doesn't have to sell the property, right? Um but keep in mind the sellers want to sell. It's no different than it's a hope and pray price. The reserve price is always a hope and pray. It's no different than selling a house, right? They put a house for list. Maybe it sells for that, maybe it doesn't, right? But there's negotiations that happen. No different than on an auction, right? The seller says, "I would like 2.5." Right? Let's say he says, "I want 2.5. That's my minimum, right? My reserve price." The market comes in, shows him, "Dude, it's only worth 18. And all the offers are kind of around the same area within a few hundred grand of each other. What is that telling him or the seller? Sorry, your property is not worth 25. It's the market's between 16 to 21. What would you like to do?" And you'll find out really quickly, which is why Beth Rose as the agent, she's doing her due diligence upfront to see how motivated is the seller. Like, do you actually need and want to sell? There's a motivation there to do it. Or are you just searching and praying and you don't really care? Because if you're just searching and praying and don't really care, she's probably not going to take on that listing, you know, because then the guy's just wasting everybody's time. So, they wouldn't do that. Most good agents wouldn't, right? They don't just, what do they call it? Purchase the listing. We've all heard that happen before where agents will come in, you're like, I want three million. They're like, sweet, I'll get it for you. And then three months later, you're pissed because it [laughter] didn't. That's called purchasing the listing. The agent will tell you whatever it is you want to hear to make you feel good. So, they have a listing that they can stick online with nice marketing and then they can show everybody, look at all my listings. And then none of them sell and they look bad later. But then they just feel like, oh, I'll negotiate my seller down later. And that's some of the games that some agents will will play. So, but she seemed like a really good one. &gt;&gt; I mean, she's she's sharp. She's sharp. Um, so everybody should be calling her this afternoon. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; If you come up with a number to close escrow number, is that is escrow considered closed in the time? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so um &gt;&gt; no, no, no, no. se separate escrow from the capital raising in your operations. Okay? So the escrow is just to to buy the property. So as long as you've raised, say it was 600 grand that you had to raise total the total amount no different than him. He had 600 and something thousand. But to actually close meaning down payment with closing cost was 400 and something thousand. He could close on the property. So you actually get it done. You're closed. You own it. Now you can go ahead and raise the remaining hund and something thousand, you know, and it took him a couple months to raise the remaining amount. Happens all the time. We've done that many of times. We're just like, let's close it and then we'll raise the rest within a month or two. And you usually do because it could just be a time issue, right? It's just a timing issue for some people. So, you know, not to get freaked out about you just want to make sure you can whatever it is to close, you close. And then, you know, as long as you've raised that, that's telling you that investors are interested, that's telling you that people see a great opportunity. It's just maybe a timing issue for the rest of the money. Make sense? Yeah. Great. Uh, any other last questions? Gosh, it's already 11. Oh, yeah. Time flies when you're having fun. Um, why they did give out the reserve price. uh he uh she gave me she probably could have told me exactly what it was if I would have asked, but she gave me pretty good guidance. It's somewhere between 50 to 55,000 per unit somewhere in there. So, it's right around the $2 million mark for 40 units. Two two to 2.2 right in there for the for the price point for the 40 units is what they're probably seeking. And that's probably where the financials are showing you it's worth. So, if we use that as a placeholder since we don't have a price here. So, I'm going to go into the deal analyzer. I'm going to stick in $2 million. And then I'm going to take all the financials that she's sending to me in that email and I'm going to plug them into the deal analyzers. I'm going to see what those numbers look like. And if those numbers are producing, then great. That's a that's a good bid to start at. But then what I'm going to do is stress test that up higher to see, okay, can I go to 22, 23, 24? What's the highest I can go and hit the metrics that I need to hit? And then that's going to be my absolute threshold and I do not go above that and just hold the line unless there's something that materially you don't have right. Uh everybody should be bidding off of the same financials. So then if you get then at least you know that if I lose out on it, it's just because somebody else's cost of their money and what they require is less. That's all that means is either they came in with cash, which okay, or they whatever their money is is cheaper. They're not having to produce returns like you have to produce. That's the only way you're going to lose on a deal unless there's some insider thing going on which could happen technically. U but yeah, that's why they don't give the reserve. Uh unfortunately the tour will not Oh, actually the tour will be on video. It just won't be live streamed. So uh but we will be recording it all and then we'll put it up online so you can all watch it. Um, last minute questions here. Yes, Michelle, that was an interesting call. She said, "We can win with only $100 above the bank requirement as long as there are no bids after us." That is correct. So, what she mentioned is, let's say it was a foreclosure, then you could call the day before, she's going to give you some price guidance, and then, as she was saying, I mean, it all ramps up the last minutes. I mean, it's like you could probably sit there watching it live and then it's like anything, you know, you're like, "Let's bid $100 more." [laughter] Yeah, you could technically do that, but it probably goes up in higher chunks than that. Uh, but it would be fun. Um, this Yeah. Uh, I've not actually bid on auction properties before in the in the multif family space, but after talking with Beth Rose, I think I may want to look at this. I think we should all kind of do this together. is like an exercise. I think it would be great. It'd be so much fun just to sit there. It's like it's like a game like watching Monopoly money just go up and then and then we accidentally win it. We're like, "Shit, we don't have the money." [laughter] No, they they're going to vet you before they're going to allow that because because part of registering to bid, just so you know, in order to register, they're going to have you send in either a lender letter, some proof of funds for your 10% and then probably illustrating um that you have access to investors for the remainder, right? You don't have to have the money, but they're going to show how are you planning to raise that. Make sense? That's all &gt;&gt; I was wondering. You win. They haven't bet you yet. Yeah, they wouldn't do that. &gt;&gt; All for you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they wouldn't do that. So, part of the registration process in this is they're going to have you upload some documents. They're going to review it, post that, they'll check you off that you're registered to bid and you're qualified buyer and then that game will happen, right? But they're always going to have backups. So, that way in the event that you're the winner and then all of a sudden you can't, trust me, they have two or three backups behind you every time. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I got a another question. is quite particular in this case. I remember right &gt;&gt; does he have that mic? Yeah, he has that they can hear. &gt;&gt; He said that the inspection report is going to be provided to you up front, right? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; So, it's kind of the other way around. You're getting up up front. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; which is great by the way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm wondering more like liability wise what you should be doing with that report. Like you obviously I think you're going to call the inspection company. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; That performed there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I can tell you that for the first auction I would do with Beth Rose to build. It's like anything you're building relationships. &gt;&gt; I'm flying out there. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. And I'm going to tour the property myself &gt;&gt; and I'm going to meet with Beth &gt;&gt; and I'm going to for the first one. Right. In the future it's going to get better because we built rapport like I can build trust. &gt;&gt; For the first one you got to go overboard to understand before that happens. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And uh so you probably call the inspection company, you make sure that they perform that. And I'm wondering &gt;&gt; liability wise, &gt;&gt; if you didn't pay for that report, if you didn't hire them, y &gt;&gt; that company is obviously still liable for the finding of the property. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So correct. And so I would I would also look into um you know similar to a normal sale on the contract where there's rep representations and warranties on the contract. There's a section in your purchase contract that talks about representations and warranties. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; In that section the seller is representing and warranting to you information about the property. Part of that is the inspections. So that's why these seller questions are so important on that acquisition checklist that we give you in the back end. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That goes over to the seller. In this case, it wouldn't because it's for it's, you know, it's a government foreclosure type thing. But that's why you're flying out to the property. So you trust but verify. Meaning I'm going to fly out there and I'm going to try and get into a couple units. &gt;&gt; Okay. But if the report is available, the inspection company that performing even if I didn't pay for that is liable for the fine &gt;&gt; to a certain degree. Yeah. I mean, unless they're unless you can unless you can prove nefarious nature. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. You get in there and they lied on everything or fair. That's different. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Than an inspection that they're going to have indemnities written into that thing saying, "Hey, like we inspected this stuff, but we don't see everything." Blah blah blah blah blah blah. even inspectors on a on a home that you pay for or your client pays for all have indemnity stuff written into those things that protect their ass. And then they have insurance in the event that something were to happen. I mean, ENO insurance that protects them, too. So, but yeah, that's why you listen, it's real simple. In in residential real estate, you have uh consumer protection laws that protect you in the contracts a lot more than you do in commercial. So it is buyer beware and you get into the commercial game it is buyer beware. So it the onus is on you. Okay. You do not get to rely on consumer protections and contracts or that everybody's being forthcoming. I presume everybody's lying. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then I back you know it's not being like rude about it. It's just trust but verify. And then you back away from that as reputation gets built like anything. But with my first deal with Rose, yeah, I would be if I if I saw this property or a couple of her deals, I'd be flying out to that market. But once again, this is a market setup deal. So what I would be doing is I would be flying out to Toledo and Columbus or some of the other areas and I would be touring them just like I would tour any market. I would set it up. I was even, you see what I was starting to do with her? Hey, do you have any property managers that you know you can maybe reference us to? Do you have any lenders locally that some of your clients are working with that you can reference me to? Yes, I do. Yes, I do. Great. Perfect. So, I'm going to be out there in about two weeks, Beth. I'd love to meet you when you're back from Florida. And if this one doesn't work out, you saw what I was doing. Hey, if this deal doesn't work out, I'm sure you have some other ones. Actually, I'm going national, Justin. Right. I have properties in Columbus and Cleveland and Toledo. So, you see what's happening there. I'm getting goodwill with her. I'm trying to build the rapport and then from there now I know there's better opportunities that are coming behind it. So I I can guarantee you if you you go fly out there, you meet with her, right? Have a coffee. Now you're in goodwill standing a little bit better than just virtual and setting up your market. I'm going to meet the property managers out there. I'm going to meet the lenders out there. I've already met her. And then I'm probably going to see I guarantee she's got a host of construction and renovation guys. guaranteed because she seems very well connected based on just the vibe I'm getting from her. You know, she she's she she's good. She's good. She's good. But yeah, I would set up that market. So now now I know anything in Ohio, anything other places, um I'm feeling comfortable what I'm buying. It's with anything, right? It's it's always uncomfortable the first time until you kind of get things um in line. So does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cool. Uh any last uh so Christine, last question here. How do you prove you have access to the investors? This is why we are so adamant on setting up the the pre- stuff in your business going into it. This is why we set up the CRM, the website, all of this stuff. And then you start building in your list of 25. So inside of your CRM, you have a list of 25 people, Christine. And you can show her this list of people. And you can show them that you have a website and you can show them that this isn't your first rodeo technically. You can show them that you have strategic partners. You can show them that, you know, you actually are alive, right? I mean, that's the whole point behind doing the front-end stuff is so that when when that question comes along, you could say, "Yeah, actually go to my website, check it out." They're going to actually read the story about you. They're going to see that you have strategic partners. They're going to click on those links. They're going to see us. They're going to see everything we own alongside with strategic partnerships. Then they say, "Hey, what's kind of your investor database look like? You could technically show them your 25 people inside your CRM technically, but they're going to get a good feel vibe from you simply by going to those things in advance. It's it's like anything. Everybody's on edge until you do the first deal together and then you're like, "Okay, this worked out. Now I don't think you're lying all the time." That's [laughter] basically how it goes. But everybody everybody's going to be on edge the first time you do it, right? So, yeah. Uh, yeah. You're welcome. Yeah. I hope this was helpful. That was fun. I I mean, I wanted to do a lot more calls, but this Beth one was just so good. I mean, I could talk to her for like an hour. We could get through all of the the Q&amp;A. Um, beautiful. All right, everybody. I'm going to shut down the online. Uh, anybody want to say hi to everybody real quick before we I'll stop sharing so you can see everybody's shiny faces and then you can wave. Everybody wave at each other. [laughter] So, we're live here in San Diego. So, uh, we're going to stay classy today. Stay classy, San Diego. Yes. Beautiful. All right, everybody. Have a great rest of your Thursday. We're going to sign off online and then uh we'll we'll uh keep going here. inside. So, next time for sure. Cool. Bye everybody.