Hello. Hello. See everybody coming on in here. See Bruce coming in. Mr. Thomas, good to see you. Happy Thursday to everybody. Randy, good to see you coming in. Mike, awesome. Um, pulling this stuff up real quick. One second. Let's see here. So, uh, Mike, I know that you, uh, sent over a deal and wanted to kind of walk through that today. If you're open to that, I'm going to share that on the screen if you're okay. um and chatting about that deal. So, um would uh would love to talk about that one if you're open to it. Uh let me know in the chat and then I can actually bring you on here to discuss. So, Luis, good to see you. Michael Vincent, awesome seeing you here. Hope you're having a good Thursday. Uh Adrian as well. Um, yeah. So, you know what I love is you um is everybody sending the deals into our team um so we can review them and look at these things and go through them. It's awesome. It means you guys are looking at deals and considering making offers and all of that. That's what it's all about. Um so yeah, I'll talk to really two today. I think this will be helpful for everybody here. And then um we'll see if Rory Rory uh Roy comes on or Rory um I actually had a chance to meet him yesterday. um as he's in San Diego. So, we actually met up for coffee which was cool. Uh what I thought was great and helpful and I wanted to kind of share this with all of you and get an idea is if you need help with a couple of these arenas. Um number one, you have questions about um where some of the documents were at and stuff. So, just by show of hands, does everybody have you know where stuff is at in the back end of your portal? because you really have two uh loginins as some of the videos and all that stuff happen and come through to you. So you have the login for the portal and the courses and the community and all that. So that's that login and then for your website and your CRM you have a separate login for that. Who here has logged into that for your CRM and for your website? Um, thumbs up if you've logged into that, thumbs down if you have not, or let me know if you have no idea what I'm talking about because I want to make sure of that, okay? And the reason why this is important, um, yeah, and Randy, you actually will not need the WhatsApp information anymore. Okay, let me do this. Hold on one second. I'm going to log in so I can show you everything. Uh, see if I can pull this off. So, one second. And I'm going to use you, Randy, as an example. Okay. So, hold on here. Let's check this out. Okay. standby. Okay. So, Randy, what I mean by that is the following. I'm going to share my screen and I want to give you an idea of the login for your CRM and for your website. Okay? And then I'm also going to show um inside the community where you get more information about it. So that way you know. So one second. Let me log everything here. Good to see you Hayden. Uh George, good to see you in here. Awesome. Love it. Uh Angelica, good to see you here. Happy Thursday. So, let me share my screen because I want to make sure that everybody um the importance of having your CRM and your website and kind of the administerial side of things set up. Why this is important? Because this is how you raise money, right? If you're going to uh get lenders to give you money and if you're going to have investors give you money, they need to know who you are and they're going to look you up online. So, you can't be a secret investor. You have to have some presence. Some presence, which is why we give all this stuff to you in in our business in a box. Okay. So, let me share this real quick. So, inside of your portal for the community, you have this, right? It's going to kind of look like this. And you know, when you come in initially, it would look like this. And then when you get to your courses area as we call it, you are going to see all these tiles. Okay? And in the tiles, you can scroll down. You have the business in a box. Now, this is simply here to show you the resources for you. You can start here. I actually walk you through the back end of this just from an administerial side. I want to show you. So, it would look like Where's that at? Oh, it's over here. That's what it is. Gotcha. And so when you get inside your secondary login for your CRM and for your website, it's going to look like this. Okay. And for you, Randy has your name up here. All right. You'll have the multif family logo. That's all fine. This is what you know the home screen dashboard, all your contacts. And once again, the videos go into this stuff. So, I'm not going to go in detail because the videos I'll show you where those are at where you can walk through it. But I need you guys to watch those things because it's really going to help you. And it's extremely important because part of raising money andor attracting anybody, including lenders, brokers, anybody. They're going to look to see who you are, right? That's part of getting the rapport andor the clout as they call it uh for doing this. And then a great question came from uh Roy yesterday and he said, "Hey, you know, how do I um how do I represent that I know what I'm doing and I have the clout and and all of that?" Um and I said, "Well, you're going to use us as part of your strategic partner team." And he's like, "What does that mean?" And I said, 'Well, let me show you that here in just a minute. So, I'll show you that. But in the back end, Randy, you're going to have this. So, your contacts are in here, all of your websites, right? So, that's for the CRM side. You have all your contacts here. And once again, it's a pretty robust system. So, it's going to take you a little time to learn it. That's why we provide the videos for you. Okay? And then we also have the vendors and systems that can help walk you through it. And they can customize this whole thing for you. I'll show you that in a minute as well. But in terms of the websites, so in the site section here, you're going to see this. You have funnels and then you have websites. So the funnel would be for like a deal. Like if you had a deal that you were going to be putting out there to the marketplace and you wanted to showcase it, it would be right in here. And it's all editable. People can edit it for you or it's a lot of drag and drop and editing as well. And I'll show you what this is going to look like. But this is kind of just a templated thing like this. And then when it's all done, it looks like this. So you'd have a deal portal. Obviously, people would put in their information here for more information, want to learn more, download the pitch deck, talks about the property, little summary video. These are all This is just a template. It's all editable. Okay. Your logo goes here. All your information up here. property highlights, all that stuff. Okay, so this is just a template that's fully editable to present a specific deal that you're doing. Okay, so that's that. Then you have your actual company website as you as you as an investor, you have your website that's up here under websites. Once again, if you don't know how to do all this stuff, I don't expect you to. We have people that can do it for you. Uh, so under this website, this is your three-page website. You can add as many pages to this thing as you want, but it starts off with a nice template. Okay? And then you can edit it, change it, adjust it to your colors, your logo, everything that's in there. But this is a nice template. So it's there and it looks like this when it's done. So your logo goes here. Home, about us, contact, learn more, just about your vision, what's going on, how you do things. It's all templated for you. So, your little sexy photo goes right here. All that stuff, this basic stuff, okay? But it's to the little frequently asked questions, all your stuff goes here. So, nice professional, simple website. Then you'd have an about us page that would go into a little bit more. And then a contact us page that would have a contact page. And that's pretty much all you need as a forefront to say, "Hey, here's my company. Here's what we do. Here's my vision." Now, if you ha if you want to literally copy us, because I tell everybody, they're like, "What do I put in there?" This is what you put in there. I mean, you could literally use our website as a template for you. Let me put that into the chat. So, I put our website that we're looking at right now into the chat. You can go there and I don't care. Copy the whole freaking thing. I don't care. Meaning, you get the point. You like literally don't copy it, but the concept, right? So, this is our capital company. So, anytime we raise money, anytime lenders want to look at us, anytime we're going in for a deal and a broker wants to see who the hell we are, they can they can Google us, right? They can come right here to this thing called Google. They can type in Brennan Pulley Group and it populates, right? And I wonder how my name comes up. This will be interesting. It's got all that stuff in there. Okay. All right. So the Google comes up. That's good. Uh but the Brennan poly group is all here, right? So they come straight to the website. They come here. They look at the team. So you have a team page. And so this was what I was mentioning. Rory was saying, "Hey, uh how do I kind of give myself more clout if it's just me?" Like literally, it's just me. So how do I look bigger than I am? This is how you do it. Okay. So obviously this is Chris and I, but you can you can have Ian, right? He's he's in a vendor and system. So, if you go into the back end of your portal in here, uh, under vendors and systems, you'll see all of our vendors and systems. One of the vendors is Ian. He's a bookkeeper and an accountant. If you want to use him, you can. There's plenty of others, but he's a good one. So, you can have him as part of your accounting team, right? You don't need any of these folks here. But then we have our advisory team. Same people. You could literally use them because the vendors in the back end are all of these people. This includes our CPA, accountant, our securities attorney, one of them. We have Clint, our business attorney, Syndication Pro, which is our investor relations software, and then our strategic partners. So, this is where we, the Brennan Pulley Group, my face and our company would go for you on your website. So, rather than Rudy and Richard and Lori, it would be me in Brennan Pulley Group and we'd be listed under strategic partners. Strategic partners. So that way it now is going to give you more clout because you can utilize the Brennan and Pulley group because then they could like click on us here or click on our logo that you could have there and like who the hell are these guys and it's going to bring them straight to this website and then they're going to go holy crap balls like these guys okay looks like they're partnered with some pretty cool folks that are doing some deals. The point being is it's just to give you more clout. You see the point behind that? And it's to help raise the game a little bit. And it's totally legit and you're not, you know, creating a fog and meter show. You're just saying, "Hey, these are our strategic partners," which we are, right? We're your mentor. We're your strategic partner in this game to help you get you to where you want to go. And this creates a presence online for you to give yourself some better chance. So that way if anybody's looking for you, they can find you. Okay. So, in terms of getting all this edited, getting all of this edited, let me go into that. So, if you go back here to it's in here. So, if we're back inside your portal, right? Back inside your business in a box. Back in here. Click on it. Start here. It's going to walk you through the entire back end. Then, how do you log in? It's going to walk you through that. Then, what is your website CRM and logo? It's going to walk you through that. And then if you need your LLC set up, if you need to do your agent of service for your LLC, you need to set up your bank account for your LLC, if you need to get your EIN for your LLC, all right there. Then here's all the vendors. These are all the people that can customize and do everything for you on your website or your CRM. So, you come right in here. There's a video on it real quick. And then our vendors in here. So, Koya is probably the best one. He's actually set up some pre uh set templates and costs. So, I think for him to organize everything for you and do it all for you, it's like 500 bucks. And you can reach out and deal with him literally directly right through Fiverr. Okay. He's very very good. We've been using him for years. He handles all all of our stuff on the back end. Very very good to work with. Okay. So, all of our vendors in here, Joshua, same thing. He can handle stuff very very good on the back end. Very sharp. on uh on the consulting side, email marketing, any of the funnels. I mean, it's very very sharp. Okay? And you know, let them know who you are. And same thing with Laura. She's very good with any newsletters, marketing materials, um you know, she does podcast stuff, content management. I mean, the whole nine yards. She's very, very, very good. And then Natasha, she's great with any business logos. If you need a great logo, if you need designs, graphic design, any of that stuff, the TSH is fabulous, okay? And we've been working with these folks for years. And so, we put all them in here to make it as easy as possible so you don't have to go find these people, okay? Trying to make it as easy as possible. And then the investor relations software. So, you guys don't need this right now. If you're brand new and you do not have a deal yet, you don't need um sponsor, we call it syndication pro through sponsor cloud. Now, once you get your first deal and you're probably into your second or third, you may want to employ this. Okay. And what is it? So, rather than using, you know, an Excel spreadsheet to keep, you know, list of things and other things, Syndication Pro allows you to manage all of your investors in one place. All of their information is in there. Um, their distributions are in there, legal documents, tax documents, um, updates. I mean, anything and everything you deal, the entire deal, they can literally reserve a spot and put money into the system and it comes right in there. It's very, very slick, and we've been using it for years. Um, you can, uh, we have a a link, a discount link in our vendors and systems section. So when you come into uh your mentorship portal here um and then you come into your download section here right here under the vendors and systems. This thing's going to download. Let's put it on the desktop real quick. Let me share this. You'll see it. So, in the vendors and systems document, you're going to see Syndication Pro. Okay. Right here. Don't need to use it right now, but if you want to, we give a discount link right here. So, I think this allows you to book a demo call and set it up. And I think you may be able to do that right from the back end I just showed you, but that'll allow you to set it up and get a a discount setup on it if you wanted to use it. Completely up to you. But, like I said, if you're brand new, it's it's the timing. I don't think you need it right now. Um, everything else we provide for you, CRM, website, LLC help and setup, EIN, bank accounts, all that administerial stuff from the back end is very important. It's part of your 90-day action guide to get that completed because that's going to allow you to have a presence online to be officially official. Kind of take a little bit of that administerial side off the table for you. And now it's just going to be easier in general when you're meeting brokers, lenders, financial partners, investors, community members, whatever it is to now become officially official and execute the plan. Execute the plan. Um, real quick. So, uh, because I know Hayden and you guys set this up. Can I bring you on, Hayden? Are you okay to chat about this real quick? Because I know it helped you out quite a bit. And there's a few else of you on here that have already done it as well. Um, but this is very, very, very important, right? This is kind of the the nuance stuff behind the scenes to help you get to where you want to go and we provide all the resources and tools for you to do it. Obviously, you need to do some of the work, but we're here for you and support. So, one second. I'll bring you on Hayden. One second. Can you hear me? Yeah, I got you now. Perfect. Hold on one second here. Hold on one second. Getting blown up by text messages. Um, so yeah. How So you guys took and used exact same stuff. Did Did you guys Because I I think when you initially came in, we didn't have the website stuff for you guys yet. So I think you went off and did yours through Wix. Is that right? Yeah, we went through Wix and we uh we used Fiverr to get somebody to to help us with it and we basically told them similar to what you've been saying is, hey, this is our I guess our vision here. Look at look at you know your website and uh and this is the wording and stuff and the color scheme and all that a little bit a little bit changed but the the bulk of it was was pretty uh pretty similar. Yeah. I like coming back to this. I mean, once again, ours is more elaborate because we've been doing this much longer, but yours will be a simple three pages, but the concept behind it is just to get people an idea of what you do, etc. Right? But use ours as a as a guiding point and I tell everybody I said um what do they say? There's no there's no better compliment than um than copying. Yeah. What do they say? Yeah. Like if you some see if you see somebody copy your stuff, you know, people get mad. I'm like, "No, clearly it." So that's I mean I don't know. Nothing wrong with that, right? You can't plagiarize or anything, but you can use it as a guide. That's the Yeah. And and we've been at it for about a year now and we've adjusted it. So we started to we just got it out there and we've we've adjusted it based on what we like and and what we're more uh attuned to, I guess. Yeah. Uh, so a couple questions came in. So Angelica, um, let me answer these real quick. Uh, let's see. So George had asked, um, the deal we put together in the funnel goes out to who? It would go out to anybody, you know? And anybody who knows anybody who knows anybody who knows anybody, right? This is simply there as a landing page that anybody who has interest in the deal can go view it, get some information on, can download the pitch deck, can reach out to you, can can become an investor, potential investor. You're basically creating an online presence for this because it makes you reputable number one, makes it presentable, number two, because that's what you're doing. I mean, right? I mean, if you're going to attract money in, you have to have some presence to get people to like you and trust you. And they can't like you and trust you if they don't know who you are. Right? So that is why that's important because you're taking the next steps, right? Meaning if you were just flipping and wholesaling houses and doing the basic entrylevel real estate investing, you can get away with not having a presence. But now you're stepping in, you're putting on a little more of the big boy pants. And that's why you're all here into the multif family game because you're here to make more zeros and put more zeros on the back of that check. And in that process, you have to now present yourself a little bit better, more professional online. We give you literally everything to do it. Everything. Obviously, you need to help do the work alongside us, but we're trying to give you all the tools all included, right? And then walk you through with videos, support teams, vendors, systems, everything to help make that easier for you. But yes, that is part of that. So, yes, it would go out to anybody and everybody. So, to give you an example of a case study, uh, George. So, uh, we have our fund, right, our $25 million fund. It's a hybrid fund. Uh, we're relaunching that out to the community and people we know. Now, we have a database of, uh, our internal investors of about 5 to 600, right? 5 to 600 internal investors that have invested with us and are around our community. So, it's initially going to get blasted out to them. Then, we can go and we can online advertise it, right? because it's a 506C 506C uh offering, which means we can publicly market the deal. Okay? And because of that, we can send it anywhere and everywhere. I could run Facebook ads if I wanted to, and you can raise money that way. So, yes, it would go out to anybody and everybody you can fathom to answer that question. Um, Angelica, the registered agent is nationwide. So incorp incorp which is one of the vendors right there. They do agent of service anywhere in any state in the United States of America. So that's why we provide them to you because they're not state specific. So they h they literally can be your agent of service wherever you set up your LLC. So what she's referencing is this. When you set up an LLC, as many of you have already done, you get an agent an agent of service. and that agent of service must have a physical address in the state in which the LLC is registered. So, this allows you to go register one in Wyoming. Even though you don't have a physical address in Wyoming, your agent of service does. They're hired. It's like a hundred bucks a year or whatever it is, right? And they are your physical address in that state. Once again, this is all in the back end of the system. When you watch that video on LLC, EIN, agent of service, bank account, that one, it walks you through the entire process in your business in a box. Okay? So, that's going to be right in here. Oops. The other one. Where did that go? Just had it up. Moon moment. Oh, that's why here. Yes. Let me share this. Sorry for the delay, guys. And uh Hayden, has it has it helped you guys? Yes. Yeah, we've not only from the investor standpoint, but to your point is um from the broker standpoint as well. We've known that they've they've checked us out when they're when we're telling them, "Hey, we're we're looking to buy. This is what we want to do." And they take a look and then we've had a lot of people tell us, "Oh, yeah. I looked at your website. Everything looks great." yada yada yada. So, yes, it's definitely helped. Correct. Yeah. And just to Aiden's point, all it's doing is is doing a little bit of a checkbox, right? It's listen, it's no different than you did with us before you even joined the community. You probably did some research. Who is this home skill at? Is he legit? Is this a scam? Whatever. Right? Same thing's going to happen on the investor side. They just want to see, does they have an online presence at all? Who are they? Who is this person? We're going to give them a chance at a million-doll apartment building. Who are they? So, that's all it's for. It's an administerial checkbox. And so, that's why it's there. Um, so you're in the back end of your system here in the the vendors and systems, but in the business in a box section, if you come back into this, the business in a box, you'll see it in here. So, into the LLC agent of service bank account EIN, it's going to have a great nice little uh video in there that's going to walk you through the entire process, right, of setting up into the Wyoming LLC agent of service. Gives you the websites to go to. Here's Incorp, the agent of service. And if you want to, in my opinion, you should be using Bank of America for your business bank. Here's why. I did a lot of research. And since we invest all over the country, I needed to find one bank that has the most amount of locations, physical, and access to get into the banks and have a bank located near the properties in the states in which we're in. Bank of America by far has the most even over Wells Fargo. So that's why we chose Bank of America. And then more importantly, they have a very good backend like digital backend, right, to allow you to send money in and out for investors, okay? Distributions, things like that. It's just wiring system. It's just for whatever reason, they're much better. So, and uh relatively inexpensive. All banks are the same with that. But I found Bank of America to be the best in that avenue. You can use whoever you want, but I would not use like some random hob, you know, uh, bank. Okay. So, when you're setting up the bank account for your holding company and setting up the bank account for your property, for the actual property, I would use Bank of America in my opinion. Um, yeah, I sent the Okay, cool. Um, I'm just going through the messaging here real quick so I can answer the questions. Uh, Delaware. Cool. And I'll talk about the CRM here in a second. Uh, Luis, perfect on that. So, yes, the registered agent is nationwide. Delaware, Wyoming, wherever it is you have your LLC. Okay. And the remember there's there's two types of LLC's here we're talking about. The first one is the most important one, and that's your holding company. You need to set that up for you and yourself. So that way that is the LLC that essentially invests and has an ownership percentage in any deal that you do. So that's the holding that's the conglomerate and then each property will have its own individual LLC of which your holding company owns an interest in and that's how the game gets played. Okay. Um yeah. Yeah. So, let me talk about the CRM for a minute and setting and kind of working through that a bit and the importance of [Music] it should be this one. So, I'm back in the inside of your actual portal, right? Which is your CRM and your website system. So, into the contact section, once again, you can mass upload. So you can I can come in here add tags. I can import export. So I can if I have a whole Excel spreadsheet, right? And they need to import that. You can do it all right here, right? You can upload a C CSV file into it. All your contacts, leads, everything in here, right? And it gives you the process to do that. And it'll give you the template to upload. So that way you don't need to do one by one. Additionally, okay, inside of here, and once again, our vendors can help you do this, but you can come in here because of the integrations that are inside of here. Google, Google Calendar, Facebook, Instagram, all of these different connections are in here. So, that way, literally, the way that it works, just so you know how it works for me right now, and I want to show you the importance of this, is I'm here on my phone, right? I'm at a backyard barbecue. I meet John. happens to be a pretty cool guy. We start talking about things. I happen to have a conversation. He asked me what I do. I said, "I do apartments and we invest in stuff around the country and we do it with other people." And he's like, "Oh my gosh, that's so cool. I shoot. I mean, do you have deals you're working on?" I'd be like, "No, not at the moment, but you know, I can send you a deal when we do." So great. Now I get a deal. I send it out to him. I get his contact information at the barbecue. I put it right into my Google contacts on my phone because Google is connected Boom. Goes right into the CRM system. And then if I really wanted to get cool, I can come in here. I can set up an automation. An automation. Once again, this can all get set up for you. We already have them preset up with autoresponders. So, let's say the now the lead comes in, it's in here. the system will automatically send them a text message and an email directly to John saying, "Hey, John, thanks so much for signing up with Justin Brennan and you know, Brennan Pulley Group Capital, right? Here's a little more information about us." And that's kind of the initial stuff. And it can also put them on a drip campaign, very slow, right? Or even attach tasks for you to follow up with them over time. So that's the importance of the CRM. And this is very, very robust. It'll also handle all of your text messaging. It'll handle all of your DMs and messages through the social media channels. Anything and everything, it'll handle it right here in the conversation section. And that's because you've done the integrations by just connecting everything here in the integration section. All of your social media channels, your talk tick, Tik Tok, Facebook, Instagram, you name it, right? LinkedIn does LinkedIn, everything, right? Everything. So, and you can also use I'll get crazy with it. Zapier and all kinds of other things. But long story short is it's very robust. We have videos on this for you. Don't let this overwhelm you, right? The importance is you have it. It's yours. It's all included. You're not paying anymore for it. We give it to you as a part of being with us because we want you to know here's the game, right? You can go find deals and analyze and put them together and that's important. You got to that's part of the process, but you need to act as if you need to be able to set up some of the administerial stuff so you have a presence because it's going to help you attract money, attract lenders, attract deals, attract brokers, attract everything and that's why you're doing it. Um, hold on one second here. Uh, no Rose, there's not an additional cost. Um, hold on one second. I have to take this call real quick. I apologize. It's right in the middle of our thing, but is an urgent one. So, stand by. I got to give uh some information. So, I'll be right back. I apologize, guys. Okay, I'm back. Um, yeah, Rose on that. And then, uh, they may call me in just a second, so I may have to jump on. Um, but it's literally two second call. Um, is there additional cost? No. So that's Yeah, Rose, it's all all included. Great website, Hayden. Thanks for sharing. Awesome. Thank you, Luis. Perfect. Um, yeah. So, that's why we're doing it. I just want to make sure um because this came up in my conversation with Rory le yesterday when I was having coffee with him and I went ahead and showed him and walked him through the back end and he was like, "Oh my gosh, this is incredible." So, when you came in, you got access to all this stuff, but I know you got a lot of emails and texts and stuff when you're on boarding and coming through the process, but I want to kind of reiterate this and touch base back on it because it is um it is part of it. Uh yes, I would. Um, see some of the stuff you get to deal with on apartments is you have your maintenance guys because there's flash flooding going on in certain areas right in the middle of things. Now, here's life. Here's here's the true truth. Um, cool. So, I want to go through a couple of these questions here and stuff real quick and then I want to jump into a deal real quick. Um, but I wanted to I think the administerial stuff is really important because I want to make sure you guys are set up and everybody looks officially official. We can review. I mean, if you want to send us the websites when you have them up, that's fine. Uh, I will review with Koya. Um, and if we need to get another vendor in there, we can um to make sure you're getting things customized. But you can reach right out to them. But I want to make sure number one, you get logged in. number one. And it's the same login you do for your portal, right? But if you go into the business in a box section, it's all in there. So if you come back to here and go to how to log in, it has the login link for you. Okay. So that way how to log in. Click on this. This is in your business in a box section inside your course portal. It has the login link right here. You're going to log in with the exact same email and everything you log into your normal portal. Okay? But that way you have the login and how to do it. I literally walk you through a video on how to do it. Okay? So that's important that you get logged in first and then you have access to all the vendors and system which which are right here. And then you can have them go in there and customize it all for you. Because you could come right here to Koya, reach out to him and say, "Hey, here's my backend." Because he has it all. Here's my name. Here's my backend. I want to customize it and do some stuff. What's the cost? He's going to give you his plan set up. I think it's three or 500 bucks and he'll do everything. Everything. So, he'll connect your domain. If you have a domain, www.whatever.com, he'll connect that. He'll do all the CRM setup for you. He'll do the design for you and customize it, logos, integrations, he'll do everything, like literally everything and is very very good at it for you. So that way you don't have to be some techie. Okay. Very very important. Um yes, the program is lifetime. I agree. Yes. And you have to understand the bigger picture why it's lifetime because there are other things out there that like are six months or 12 months. Guys, we want to do deals with you. We're trying to, you know, set that up to make that happen. Some things happen, some things don't. I mean, we're talking with several of you now and looking at some opportunities on some bigger stuff because we want everybody doing deals together. That's why we want you in the community lifetime and collaborating and chatting and communing, doing deals, money, all that stuff because that's the benefit of it is the networking opportunities. Um, other things we're setting up, our first live event, guys, just so you know, and we're not doing them like conference style, by the way. It's more of a um workshop slashnet networking event environment because we want you to be in a learning setup, but then also have great networking opportunities. First one's going to be in Las Vegas. First one's going to be in Las Vegas. We're trying to set up the date. It'll be in the I believe the latter part of this year and then we'll be doing East Coast, West Coast, East Coast, West Coast. So we'll probably the next one will be in either the Carolas or in Georgia is I'm guessing probably in one of these two pockets. So that way anybody from the northeast can come down. Anybody from Florida can come up pretty easy. East coast and then we'll be doing west coast. So Las Vegas and probably just southeast area. Okay. To set those up. So come come. Yeah. I mean Miami is great. The problem is then you got to come all the way down into South Florida. So it's a little harder for everybody in other parts of the country. So we wanted to be southeast so you can come in and have a direct port because we're also thinking logistically flights, right? Where are the most direct flights going into? Atlanta is probably one of them or Charlotte maybe. So, it just kind of depends. Just kind of depends. Um, but that's underway. So, we can add, you know, the networking and then kind of a workshop environment for learning, right? And we'll we'll dig into stuff and we'll do deals and talk more about stuff. So, okay, enough of that administerial side stuff. Okay, let me take this real quick. We'll go a little bit long today. Okay, back on here. Uh, hey, you posted a 12-unit deal yesterday in the Midwest page of the portal if anyone is interested. Yes. So, I'd go in there and take a look. So, use your app. Uh, if you guys are have the mobile app and stuff because I was using it yesterday. I even posted an article that came out uh and stuff inside the app. Uh same thing whether you're using the desktop or the app. Same thing. And once again uh log in there and you can also put yourself in the threads based on region whether you're Midwest, East Coast, Southeast, Southwest. So that way we can start sectioning people off by region too. And that way if you wanted to network by region you could as well. So that's the whole point. And then you can communicate chat. Make sure your notifications are turned on. So that way when there's new stuff coming in there or somebody responds to you and like um because they can respond with an at symbol in your name and that way it'll actually pop up. Hey Joe Glow just talked to Joe Schmo over here, right? And we're connecting on a deal or I'm let's talk capital or money or raising money. I'm looking at this deal over here and stuff like that. So that's the whole point uh behind that. It's the whole point behind that. All right, let me share this deal real quick. So, this is uh Mike. Um Mike, if you're on here, make sure you're still on here. Yes. Awesome. So, let me pull this up and make sure you guys are all seeing this right here. Hold on one second. There we go. Okay, cool. So, Mike uh brought this deal in here uh just yesterday and I want to kind of chat through this real quick in the deal analyzer. So, this is a 28 unit deal. And Mike, I can bring you up if you'd like to chat through this. Um, if you're okay with that and I can audio-wise as well. Are you available? Let me know. Love to bring you on real quick. Cool. Here we go. Unmute. Perfect. There you are. How are you doing, sir? Oops. Okay. How about that was disabling Hayden there. Awesome. How you doing? I'm doing all right. Thanks for Yeah. Let's take a look at this deal real quick. So, this is a 28 unit in North Charleston. Uh a little over 100,000 a unit based on 110,000 a unit. 3.1 million. Is is that the actual asking or is that just a placeholder number right now? No, I had to put 3.1 just to get to the um the 1.25. Okay. Gotcha. Yeah. So, let's walk around that for a minute and kind of look at the numbers. So, 30% down is correct. You'd want to use that as a placeholder. Your loan amount, uh, is this a stabilized property or one you're going to have a ton of rena on it? I mean, it doesn't look like a ton of rena. Yeah, based on what I what I've seen so far, and I'm playing phone tag with the broker, it's stabilized. Okay. Right. It's not it's not a a a huge overhaul from a renovation standpoint. Is occupancy above 90% currently? Yes. For what it should what is showing currently is all 28 units are occupied. Okay. So getting agency debt right is a possibility for you. And when I say agency, what I mean is Fanny or Freddy Mack. Okay. So the lenders in the back end of the system, right, they can do all different types of financing, the three different lenders there. But um Walker Dunlap would be the best for the agency type debt that you could reach out to Scotty and them and or any other lender that you may know, but they're there for you and start looking at this from an agency debt standpoint because it is a stabilized property that has good occupancy and is cash flowing currently. So, it's just trying to find the number that makes sense for that to happen. So, um perfect. So, building age, lot size, interest rates, probably fair. You may even get better than this pos. It's possible you could get it down close to six or 6.25. It's possible, but for the sake of this, let's keep it at 6 and a half for a minute. Closing cost fine. And then you have your unit mix built in here. So, he's got 13, you know, he's doing the number of units here. He's got the unit types here. Obviously the current the current monthly rents square footage of each of them proforma meaning hey what rents could be in the future that's all listed here and it's giving you a total monthly income for both current and for monthly and it's giving you the totals down here. Okay. Awesome. And then over here you're putting in your actual expenses which looks good. 80% management. This is all super nice and clean. That's pretty much in line. And then I'm looking at your expense ratios based on a property of this age, meaning 1970 vintage. This is about right. You're going to be somewhere between this and maybe 55. But once again, it depends on how much deferred maintenance, what's the issue, any other stuff like that. So, hey Justin, I noticed two things on this. Number one, when I went I went through the deal analyzer video again and when you were profiling the current and the proforma expenses, it looked like you had more expenses than what this is showing. For instance, uh pest pest control and and some other things that were in the video that they're not showing. And so that was one of my questions is does this look like minimal expenses? is like there should be more expenses listed than what they Well, keep in mind these are this is like collapsed categories, right? So once again, under utilities, you're going to have multiple utilities, gas, power, right? Water, sewer, right? But the total is there. Uh general administrative, right? There's probably 30 different line items for general administrative, right? phone bills, you know, office supplies, you know, staples, right? But the lump sum numbers are here. This is where your pest control would go. Contract services. So, this is like a landscaper, pool guy, pest guy, right? Anything that's consistent and has a contract with it that you're paying a pretty standard monthly recurring charge on. um you know any of those types of vendors would go into the contract services. Marketing would be if you have a contract with apartments.com or if you're if you're paying additional marketing expenses in addition to your property manager, right? Okay. It could be I don't know you buy flags and banners and signs for the property, right? And that's an addition to your property management fee. You would have that in a marketing line item. Okay. Okay. Uh, in this case, payroll, you're not going to have it because the propertyy's not big enough. So, you're just paying your property manager. Cuz what us, this is what usually happens. Let's say you had a a 75 unit property. Then it would look more like this. You'd have a payroll of say $55,000 or something. I don't know. Let's put a number in here. Your revenue would be higher, too, by the way, so don't worry about that. You'd have a payroll in here, and this number would go down to 3%. Okay? So, it's an offset, right? Your actual fee goes down, but you're because you're paying for staff on site. You have payroll now. Okay, make sense. That makes sense. You're just you're just trading Peter to pay Paul. In this case, it's 8% because you don't have on-site people. You have no payroll because you're utilizing economies of scale of the property manager who may be offsite. And because the propertyy's small enough, you don't need an on-site people. Make sense? Yes, it does. Yeah. And then I broke out my expenses to the right on a per unit basis where you see 1,200, 800, 300. Do those look way off in the ballpark? That was one of the questions that Yeah. I mean, this insurance seems high, but every state is different, right? Every state's different based on weather patterns. I mean, so what you can do to find out what insurance should be is the vendors and systems in the back end, we have our insurance brokers in there. Okay? You can reach out to any of those insurance brokers and say, "Hey, here's the address of the property. Here's the, you know, valuation of it. uh can you give me a general idea range what insurance may be and what you're seeing for the North Carolina market or South Carolina market and they'll be able to give you a ballpark right it's not going to be exact but they'll be able to give you a range oh it's going to be somewhere between 800 to a th000 a unit something like that so now you have a ballpark make sense okay um so that'll help out with getting and then literally with your taxes is honest to God, you know what literally what I do now because it used to be much more cumbersome process where I have to go log into the county website for you know this county and go cipher through information to find out how they calculate property taxes for properties in that area based on this the county's website. That's the old way. The new way is chat GPT. I don't know were you on here when I actually did that? I I remember I think I was driving but I do remember one of the calls sessions you were talking about where I literally came on here and I'll I'll show you this is beautiful thing now with uh our thing called AI is I can come right in here and I'll go to our friend chat and I'm going to ask Mr. chat. Uh, what county is this in? You know what? I could look that up. What county is Charleston, South Carolina in? Charleston County. It does. It'll figure it out. Uh tax in Charleston County, South South Carolina. Um line four a multi-family apartment building. Here is the address. How do they calculate property taxes? Assume a purchase price or assess value of 3 million, right? I mean, the assessments are always less than what you pay. So, don't worry about what you pay. It's what they assess it at. It's usually worth. It'll probably less than that. Um, but what I would do is I would come in here and is the street address 5527 Reed Street, right? It is correct. Yeah. So, I'd come in here to our friend chat and do that. Boom. It's crazy how good this stuff's getting. Certainly. Let's walk you through it, Mr. Brennan. Um the assessment ratio commercial property times 6 180,000 mile mills rate blah blah blah compute property taxes so 55 grand. Holy cow. What did you have in there? This is going to be awesome. If you were close you were at 63. Hey you're in the ballpark. You're in the ballpark. But you get the point, right? So everybody just saw how that went down. took me 45 seconds. Um, so that way, I mean, it saves an enormous amount of time. Now, now once again, that may not be 100% accurate, but look through it, double check it, right? Double check everything, but it's a great ratio versus what I had to do before, and that is go log into the county website of Charleston, figure out all that crap chat GPT just told me, start plugging in some numbers, and then 45 minutes later, I'd have the tax assessment. Right now, I did it in 45 seconds. So, you get the point. Mhm. Uh, all these numbers are pretty good. Your expense ratios are in line. So, I just kind of look at this number at the end of the day on a lump sum. Numbers may change a bit, but overall you're in line with your expense ratios. It should be somewhere between these numbers and 55% for a 1970s type product. Okay. Okay. So, now I come down to this area here and I'm just looking at I'd be I think they're going to have much more other income, but we'll double check on this. Um, I would not be running it at an 8%. I'd be running it at a 10% minimum on your vacancy on your total uh economic loss at a minimum. It may be better than that, but I doubt it. They're running at 19 now. You'll probably improve it, but I want to just see how this game works. So, let's say I ran it at 15 just for simple math. Okay. Still works. Yeah, you're looking at these numbers here. Still works. 8% 2.59. So, these numbers are looking good on your cash on cash, your equity multiple, your IRRa. Then I can come over here to the IRRa tab. You're using a 6% exit cap. That's fair. Um, what I noticed on their offering memorandum was for the gross potential income, they use the number of what it could be versus what it is. If that Yeah. And that's okay for now. Now listen, you have to understand the brokers are just going to give you straight fluff. Yeah. That's why it's good to use their numbers to start, right? To start. Because that's the best case scenario. The only way the brokers are wrong, I mean, I should say take that back. The only way the the broker's numbers are actually um accurate and in some cases undermarket is when you're in an appreciating market. Like, okay, rents are going up, values are going up, so they can't even catch it fast enough. Right now, we're not in that. Right now, we're in a flat, you know, challenging market. Some markets are better than others. Location, location differentiates everything. Um, but generally speaking, rents are flat to 1% growth right now. That's what I would be looking at. Um, and you're going to have higher delinquency and vacancy issues at the moment, generally speaking. Uh, just things are tighter and more difficult at the moment, but they'll get better. It's just cycles. This all looks pretty good. So, I mean, technically you can pay 3.1 million. What are they asking? Is there even an asking price? Yeah. Up top, right? The price is 4.2. Okay. Gotcha. Yes. So, you're about a million dollars off, which is a lot. Um, how did they I mean, how did they assess or do they have like an assumable loan or because what I would be I mean I know that they have their financials and everything that you've sent through, but you know, I'd be asking the broker um and let me pull up the OM for everybody so everybody understands what we're looking at. Um, so like this is the broker's OM, right? I'll cruise through this and then we have a couple minutes here. So, this is from Marcus and Milichhat, right? Yeah. Correct. Nice little property. By the way, you know what I like about this one? There's a couple things I like. Uh, number one, you see how you're budding single family even. I mean, I know there's some trailer stuff back in there, but it's single family built in around it. Okay, I like that. I like that you have a courtyard setup. So, one great thing that would just make a blast of a difference if you got this property would be to re-slurry. Is this Is this DG or actually asphalt? Look at asphalt. It's asphalt. It looks to me it looks like asphalt. Yeah. So, I would re I would re- slurry the whole thing. It's super cheap to do, relatively speaking, and restripe it. It would make it look just killer. Um, from an aesthetic standpoint, restripe all the parking spots and all that stuff. That'd be killer. uh roofs are pitched roofs, which I like. I like that they have the overhangs over where you walk up to the property and stuff. That's nice. And then you have the stairways and stuff. So, this is all protected from weather and all that stuff for leaks and deferred maintenance and um all that stuff. Um so, that's good just from an aesthetic standpoint looking at it. And I like that it abuts single family zoning, which is want. You want a multifamily surrounded by single family. That's ideal. Meaning, what you don't want is a multifamily in the midst of a bunch of industrial and commercial. That's what you don't want. So, if you're looking at an aerial and you see your property surrounded by industrial and commercial, that's not necessarily a good sign because that's going to bring more crime and more issues. just have one. Um, but this is good. It's good how it's abuted. Um, yeah, that's nice. This thing would look killer with a new paint job. Yeah, that's exactly killer with a new paint job. Are the windows aluminum or they are they new or old? Do you know? I I don't know that. Okay. But I would replace the windows if they're if they're not new, you could retrofit the windows because these are basic windows, too. These are probably a few hundred bucks a pop to retrofit with brand new uh vinyl dual pane. And this thing would look absolutely killer with a I would go with a colonial like white, black, red theme. Charleston, right? Correct. I would go with a white, black colonial Victorian look. White, black, red doors, red doors, white exterior with black trim and everything. And this thing would absolutely be killer. Um, does anybody invest with Mike? This is a This is an interesting deal. It's a good little pop. 28 units. Uh, they did a nice job breaking down the financials for you. So, it's pretty clean. Yeah. I would just try and find out how they're really getting to that valuation. Um, because, you know, and who's the buyer for it? Yeah. Because it's just it seems I mean, they're putting 35% down on it. Just looking at the summary. cap rate in the sixes, which is fine. Um, yeah, I'm just trying to see how they're doing that. I'd have to really dig into these numbers. Uh, they have their expense ratios are lower than yours. That's number that's definitely a reason right there. So, you'd want to dig into their expenses and say, "Hey, why do you think your expenses should be this versus probably reality?" Okay. Okay. Because that's there's a differential there. They're at 41 and 38. here at 46 47 which is probably more in line with a vintage of this category. And then just going through these expense numbers to really dive into these things. Um because they don't have a reserve and replacement uh well they do have operating reserves. They have it here. Many they have it here. But yeah, I just dive into their expense numbers because that's they're just trying to give you the best of both worlds. But I I think they're pressing in the 42. The key is this. What kind of activity do they have? Do they have any active offers on it? What's been the response? Or has it been sitting for a while? Okay? You know, so if it's been sitting for a while and there's no offers there, then it's telling you something. Um, so you could say, "Guys, you know, look, I'm underwriting this thing somewhere in the threes, you know, and I don't know if we're too far apart, but obviously I need to present returns for me and investors. Um, you know, I'm seeing it in the threes somewhere and I'd like to really dig into the expense numbers and, you know, look at the revenue. Does your revenue match their revenue? I have to go back to my spreadsheet because they're they're again starting with a higher number that 420. Yeah, they're at So, you're at four um Hold on one second here. Yeah, they're at a 455. This is why they're at a 455 uh effective gross income. Effective gross income number, right? And they're talking about going up to 508. You are currently at 389. Talking about going to 429. So, the big difference there is due to um it's due to the vacancy and credit loss. So that's what you want to look at here. So they're going in here. Um I mean they got lost to gained lease. They got total vacancy 5%. So they're taking out but I think you have 80,000. They have about 60 something,000 70. Yeah. 65 70,000. So you're off there. Um that's they're painting a rosy picture. That's the point I'm trying to make. Mhm. So, it's just trying to figure out that balance between what they're at at 42, you're at at 3-1. That's a big gap. It's a big gap. Now, it's not to say it can't trade in the threes. So you got to start, you know, playing around with numbers to say, okay, if I bought this thing for 35 and maneuvered numbers that made sense within realistic numbers and verify everything, you know, where can I get it to where I'm producing a return for my limited partnersh, you know, right now you're at about 15% for your your investors and giving them a decent cash on cash, you know, of seven plus% cash on cash and a 15% annual rate of return for the investors, which is pretty good. You can attract money with that, no problem. You know, but if this thing starts pushing up, once again, it comes down to interest rates, too. So, if you can get this interest rate down to 6%. That's going to start changing your ball game. So, you may want to talk to the broker about financing. Okay? Who are your financing partners? Can I get agency debt at 6%. You know, what kind of what kind of debt can I get on this thing? Talk to me about that. So, that's going to really change your numbers quite a bit because that'll allow you to pay more. and put this thing together still. Um, you know, tweaking these numbers a little bit on your vacancy, maybe you come down to 15% here and you get to 12% there. It can help a bit. You're still in line. Um, but realistically, I mean, unless revenue drastically goes up somehow or expenses drastically come down somehow, the only other thing to move, right, is interest rates and price. So, if your interest rate, if you can get a six, great. If you can get better, great. It is what it is. But then this number starts to maneuver, right? So, if they're at 42 and you're at 32, it's a million dollar difference. That's a big number, but it starts to get you in line cuz I'm looking at this. I'm looking at this. And then I'm looking at your equity multiple, which is all good. And then I come over here to the waterfall tab, and I'm seeing that, okay, I can produce a return for my LPS around that equity multiple of that, cash on cash returns of that, I can raise money. I can raise money. If I can tell if I can tell an investor, I can get you 15% a year on your money. If you give me 100 grand, I'll give you 200 grand back. And I can give you, you know, cash on cash preferred return of 7% or more a year on your money. And I'm going to get you for every dollar that you give me, I'm going to give you almost a dollar in tax write offs. Sign me up, Scotty. Let's go. Right. And so that's how this one will go down. But you got to you got to get to the numbers that make sense and see how far off it is. Right. Oh, looks like you're Are you on the spreadsheet? Looks like the offer memorandum is still up, at least on my end. Oh, my bad. I thought I was showing you guys the screen I was looking at. I know we're finishing up here. Uh, so yeah, what I was saying was this. I was messing around with these numbers here. Okay. And I was looking at this, which is good. This number good. This number good on your overall property level. And then I came over here to the waterfall and I started looking at these. And this is for my investors. Perfect. I can come in here and I can give them a 15% return. And for every dollar I can give you two back and I can give you a preferred cash on cash return of 7%. And then any dollar you give me, I can give you a dollar back in tax write-offs. I mean, that's it's not going to be a problem to raise money for this. Yeah, most investors will do that because they're like, "Dude, sign me up." And I'm I'm an owner in a 28-un apartment complex and North Charleston, South Carolina. Let's go. Let's go. Perfect. So, yeah, Angelica, I will. That' be a good point. Thank you for asking. Uh on the next call I will go over how to pitch potential investors and I will pitch I'll write a note here of the process in which I go through [Music] from I have a deal or I'm almost going to have a deal, right? Meaning I I've written an offer. I've negotiated back and forth. I'm at the point where I'm probably going to get the thing accepted. I'm kind of feeling good about it, right? Good chance I'm going to get the baby accepted. So now I'm going to go create the pitch deck. That pitch deck is going to now be used to uh pitch investors. Okay. And then I what I'll what I'll show you is the process I go through. Um and we have videos on this by the way. In the back end of your portal there's an actual video where I go through and I do the pitch deck for you. So, if you go into your mentorship thumbnail, scroll down into the course section, you'll see, you know, investors and raising money in there, there's a video in there, pitch deck, how to do the pitch deck, and I literally walk through and I fill it out right there, step by step. So, that's the pitch deck side, but I will go through kind of the the process from how I send it out, um, the systems. I actually do a summary video so just everybody knows and no different than Brian's doing right now. So Brian uh Tran, he's on his third deal. He's doing a 53 unit right now and raising about 7 800 grand for that and he was running into a little bit of problems doing that. So he reached out and we went through it and I said, "Have you done a webinar yet?" And he says, "What do you mean?" I said, "Have you done like a webinar? Have you blasted it out to your network and said, "Hey, I'm having a a webinar on X date. Please come in. I'd like to showcase this opportunity and see who you may know that would have some interest." And you're going to build up to that maybe a week out. And then he has a live webinar Q&amp;A and people come on. There could be one person on there. I don't care. The fact is now you have a recorded piece of information that's a summary that now that recorded piece of information no different than this call can now be sent to any potential investor into the future. So now you have a pitch deck plus you have a summary video and that way now it could be put onto your landing page about the deal which you have access to that landing page designed and you could blast it out an email link saying hey take a look at this short 20-minute webinar video that goes through the deal and we'll answer 90% of your questions and then here's the pitch deck that breaks the deal down for you. So that way for his $25,000 minimum investment you can get a piece of this $3.2 2 million 28 unit apartment complex in North Charleston, South Carolina, but I'll walk through that next week. Um, awesome. Cool. All right, everybody. I'll be respectful of everybody's time. I know we went a little bit over here. My apologies for having to jump off here on a couple calls, but um, hope this was helpful. And uh we'll get this loaded up into your portal for anybody who's not here today. Little small group. So I love this. You know, try and keep them small and intimate. Small and intimate. Thank you, Adrian. Yeah, Brody's graduating today. Elementary school. My son son's graduating elementary milestones, right? Milestones. So thanks everybody. Appreciate it, Mike. Thank you, Justin. Just do