Hello, hello, hello. Come on in. Happy Tuesday. Hello, hello. Beautiful. See everybody's shiny faces. How's everybody doing? Good. Bien, bien. Chime in and tell me any exciting story. Michael, good to see you. How are you feeling? I know you've been down and out sick for a little bit. Yeah, much better. Yeah, it was pretty bad. I haven't been sick sick like that in a long time. Uh what was it? Is it flu? Was it &gt;&gt; sure. I believe it was the flu, yeah, but I'm not I'm not exactly sure. It was almost like a COVID, but I didn't lose any of my senses, so I don't know. Uh I'm not sure what was going on. Can you see &gt;&gt; Beautiful. Um well, yeah, let's talk about some wins and maybe some losses for the week. Uh just so I can kind of, you know, hearing from, you know, where all of you are at uh before we kind of get going here, so. I've got some. &gt;&gt; got, Liam? Uh my dad and I are touring a property on Saturday. Okay. Um mixed-use. Uh bottom half is commercial, top half is they say 42 units, but uh it's hard to tell with this cuz it looks like it might be split up in terms of 42 rooms and they're rented out separately cuz it's college area. I'm still trying to figure that out. Um and then the basement is 3,600 square feet that is unfinished. Okay. What and what do you like about it? Just so Um so far, uh what I'm liking about it is the NOI is pretty good. Um there's a lot of potential as well. They've done a lot of renovations on it. So, like the roofs newly re re I can't talk. Renovated. The electrical's all newly re renovated. The plumbing is all newly renovated and most of the HVAC is newly renovated. So, um literally within like the last year and a half 2 years. So, um there's a lot less surprises when you're when you've got a lot of that going on um as along along with the 36 100 36,000 square feet of basement that we could develop in some fashion, whether it's self-storage or other things to help increase that revenue. Okay, beautiful. I like that. Um and then are are you guys any thoughts on an offer on it or is it just in that initial stage? Uh we're just we're looking at it first cuz it's it's also an older property. Like it's Oh, I'd have to I'd forget it. &gt;&gt; renovated, right? Yeah, they like they're working on it. Like they've done stuff, but it's it's still older, right? Um but it's also right down like location is phenomenal. It's right in the middle of downtown Pocatello. Um uh right next to the college, all that stuff. So, uh really good stuff there. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. Thanks for sharing. Uh anybody else want to share any properties they toured, anything they're looking at? I know Samira, you're looking at one in Vegas. Want to chat about it? All right. Hello, hello. Good afternoon. Uh yes, I I decided to buy something um small. I know that we are learning to go for the property with about 10 units to 30 units. That makes sense completely, but I have also the opportunity to buy the property with my uh current, you know, income and get the conventional loan or FHA loan. Um first, I have couple questions. So, it's not possible that I get the FHA loan or conventional loan under the company's name, right? Uh no, it would have to be could not cuz it's it's a residential property, so they're underwriting you personally. So, yes, it would be personally. Because they accepted like just 5% down payment, but um so which is very great and doesn't need so much cash. Um at the moment yes, I yes I mean last week the agent I I found a bro agent um in Vegas to help me to buy something and he offered me some credits. Okay, and um I accepted and I said, "Okay, let's, you know, move uh go work together." and so he uh he went through the properties and got some videos uh and which was good. And one of them was kind of, you know, okay, but they are in renovation. Uh so, I asked them to finish the renovation and then we are start the escrow. Um which they are kind of, you know, they they ask for the earnest money. They uh and then do that. So, they wanted to make sure that we really want that. And also, I want to make sure that they really do that, you know. I wanted to start the inspection after the renovation done, which I think that makes sense. Um well, yeah, so my my yeah, so so the way I would probably run that is I if you like the property and kind of the one of the only hold-ups is getting the renovations completed, right? Then I would put it under contract. I'd lock it up, right? So, you don't lose the opportunity, but I would draw out the escrow. Okay, so that way it does we don't close until 30 days after the renovations are complete. Okay. &gt;&gt; And then cuz you're in you're in your your your due diligence period, right? Your inspections and due diligence period would not start until the renovations are complete. So, you could even you could even negotiate it to where it's called 45 days. So, renovations so that way you're in escrow. Deposit can go in. Deposit's fully refundable, by the way. Yes. And then they do the renovations, so they get going and do their thing, okay? And then the deposit's sitting in an escrow account, so it doesn't go to them. And they go ahead and do the renovations and all that stuff. You can complete uh some uh inspections or whatever it is you feel comfortable doing. That's totally fine. And then upon completion of the renovations, you would do a final inspection to check it all out and check everything out. And then at that point, you could release your contingencies. Correct. Yes. So, um as I understood, an agent sent me uh told me that for the residential, all the due diligence and loan contingency is in 30 days. So, it's um they don't accept like 45 days. I I already offered the 45 days and they said that it's in a residential, we just go with the 30 days. Right, and that's true under normal circumstances. So, they have two options. We do nothing until the renovations are complete. That's option A. Or option B is, let's go ahead and put it into escrow, right? We'll do um we'll do inspections and all that other stuff, but the money's not going to go hard until after the renovations are complete and we do a final inspection. Okay. Yeah. So, it's up to them how fast they want to go. If they want to complete the renovations next week, let's go. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they um they don't do any, you know, very nice or deep renovation. They just wanted to clean it up, you know, just it's not so big you know, renovation that I expect so much. Okay. And my concern another concern is that two of them is already occupied, but the two of them is under renovation that one of them is going to be finished by this week, definitely. &gt;&gt; Right, because I don't it's going to be um Yeah, it's going to You'd have to see how that may affect your FHA loan. Uh cuz with FHA, you're going to have to say you're going to live in it, right? For the FHA, you mean? For the it needs the occupied, you mean? Yeah, you're going to be you're going to be occupying that unit at least for a window of time. My my you know, my income my W-2 income will cover that and I I think that it's okay, but um the reason that I wanted to I asked them that at least the third unit should be occupied and just keep one unit vacant. The reason that I asked is vacant for because I wanted to get apply for the owner occupancy, so one unit should be empty. And also, I may I may check the section 8 and rent it out the last one to the section 8, which I heard that because of my research shows that the section 8 rent is higher. Um so um but the third one, I asked them to should be occupied um by closing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, cuz you have a financing contingency underneath your um cuz it's a normal residential type deal, you know, four units. So, um you could put a financing contingency in there for that. Uh, which is fine. And yeah, so the way I would negotiate that one would be you agree to the price and terms and everything. They need to finish uh that unit. And once that unit's finished, you can do your inspections. Right? So, you can you can set First of all, you have to re The difference between residential and commercial is residential, you have to remove those contingencies in writing. Residential? Correct. Versus commercial, it's automatic. Big difference. Okay? So, point being is you lock it up. You part of the the deal is you guys are going to complete the uh the renovation on, you know, two of the units. And then upon that, we'll go ahead and release contingencies. Okay. However long that takes is however long it takes. Or you mean you could you could set a 30-day contingency period, totally fine. But that's also contingent upon completion of the renovations and inspection. So, that way they can go slow or as fast as they want. You have 30 days minimum. Right? Or when the renovations are complete. Okay. And that would protect you. And then you have to remove those in writing. So, if you don't remove them in writing, then they just issue what's called a notice to perform. And that just buys you more time. And then eventually you can remove them. So, that's that that would be the process for that. And then you'd have a financing contingency in there as well for your loan. And you should be just fine. Okay. Yeah. So, um this is one thing and another thing is about the property management companies. Um I prefer for the first couple months I do it by myself. Why? Because I wanted to go for the Section 8 rent. And there are two already occupied. So, this is not a big issue. And I have a experience for 20 years in our family. My father property that was fourplex and I did manage by myself. So, it wasn't here. Of course, it was different, but I I feel confident that do it by myself at least for the next couple months to um you know, to set up the Section 8. Um So, do you recommend that I hired a PM company immediately at this time of that closing the No, not not on a four unit. So, this is how you you can handle this, okay? And I was just chatting with um with Kelly and Dave and some other folks about this. So, if you want to manage smaller deals because it may not make financial sense to hire a PM company on a small little four unit. And you can do that from afar. The way it gets handled correctly is number one, cameras are going on the building. You'll have at least three cameras on your building. &gt;&gt; Correct. Number two is you need to have a maintenance guy on the ground in Vegas that you trust. You know, that you feel comfortable with so they can handle the maintenance stuff. Secondly, you need to have a boots-on-the-ground person. Right? That's not a maintenance guy, but just a an emergency human being that you know, for what some crazy ass reason. And it wouldn't be often, right? It just this may happen once a year or maybe never, who knows. But that way they could go serve things or whatever it may be in and around the property and they'd be compensated for that. Okay? Right. &gt;&gt; way you'd have the person. And then you'd have a maintenance person that can handle maintenance stuff. And then you can have a little uh management software. You can use uh one of them is a decent one that's cheap. You could use it's called uh Rent Tech. I think it's called Rent Tech. Let's put it into the chat to everyone. Rent Tech. Uh super cheap one, easy to use. There's plenty of others that would help you manage that property very easily from afar. And they can everybody can do their online payments through it. Uh you can advertise the properties on the portals, Zillow, Trulia, Redfin, realtor.com, all the portals from there. All that kind of marketing management operation stuff. And it's like 50 bucks a month. Okay. &gt;&gt; be a management software for you that's basic, right? Nothing sexy, but it works. Okay. Um And then um yeah, you just need the boots-on-the-ground people. Yeah. Yeah, that's exactly what I thinking and I feel confident to do that for the four units. I don't think that is it's a big deal for four units to hire because I got some estimate quote from the PM companies and 8% for the management and um 250 the first time um you know, um there are a lot of expenses that that would be my recommendation. It didn't make sense. Honestly, I think that just one unit would be my profit. The other would pay the property tax, insurance, and the mortgage. Mhm. And one would be just you know, a little profit, but I like to start this process and feel confident and then um and this is my own money. So, I I feel more confident, you know, not borrowing any money for you know, investors to have a obligations. And then it going to be a kind of resume for me and then I I continuing for the Sure. much bigger. Yeah, that makes perfect sense. So, yeah, keep us posted on that. Whatever help you need, okay? All right. Thank you so much. I saw Michael with his hand up. Yeah, I just got a question. Have you uh Samira, have you uh thought about maybe having one of the units rented one out as like an Airbnb being in Vegas? I don't think they allow Airbnbs in Vegas. You know, Okay. I analyzing 35 multi family property in Vegas. Okay, the last one month I analyzing 35 uh properties, fourplex. Uh so, more than half of them which looks nicer and newer buildings, they are in HOA. And HOA has a limitation for the Airbnb. So, HOA said that they don't they don't allow the Airbnb. Um just the minimum is 30 days. Couldn't be just day day by day. But if it's a property that because of the like they wanted to have the business for the hotels that area. Um and I heard from other people that if the property is your own property, so doesn't make any issue because there is no uh no one going to report it. So, um you uh they told me that you can do that. You can do the Airbnbs, up to you. But um I don't know. Uh Um do you have just any recommendation? &gt;&gt; think you're allowed to do Airbnbs in Vegas. I'm not allowed to do it. Yeah, they I mean, you can rent you can Whenever I [clears throat] was looking to go up there to stay, they had Airbnbs you could stay at in Vegas. Yeah, oh yeah. I wonder maybe maybe they don't &gt;&gt; Maybe it's something Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, there's there are some main restrictions &gt;&gt; Bruce got a house, a whole house he stayed in and then I think there was some couple bedrooms. Of course, I didn't do that, but uh people are renting out bedrooms for Airbnbs. And they were I mean, a lot cheaper. But it was just a thought. It was just a thought. I wasn't I wasn't sure. So, it's a good great location for short-term rentals. That's I know that. Yeah. With the my plan for this uh step is not to rent it to the Airbnb. Most I I prefer to have a good rent like the uh Section 8. I think that that would be help. And also because there those that I checked that I'm not sure 100% but there is a possibility that I change the two bedroom to three bedrooms. So, that one also another option to the improvement of that units and change it to three bedroom and get more rent. Um for now I wasn't thinking about it for the first year at least. It wasn't in my plan to rent it out to the Airbnb because I just wanted to have a stable you know, rent coming. Airbnb also needs of course more um maintenance more you know, be in a good shape, nice furniture. It needs more capital to put on for the furniture and this is stuff. So, I was thinking to not starting this for the Airbnb. But I heard that also there is a restriction for those that have a HOA. Definitely HOA doesn't let them. Yep, very true. Uh thank you, Samira. I appreciate that. That's great. &gt;&gt; Uh anyone else have some questions and stuff that we can chat about? Um that's what mainly these are here for. This Yeah, I see Josh in here Uh uh put his hand up. Uh anyone else? Go ahead, Josh. Hey, so Samara, I have somebody on the ground in Las Vegas that I was going to do an FHA loan with. Um he can live there. Um we might want to talk after this. Sure. Thank you. Yeah, we could have someone there um on the ground because you have two for HOA um you know, FHA. And then uh he he rents out one and can manage the rest. That would be his input. So. Okay. &gt;&gt; You want [snorts] Do you want to talk later? Let's talk. &gt;&gt; It's just Yeah, and then you know, just like I and I reiterate, you can use uh Lorex cameras, right? Lorex. Yes, Lorex. Uh get a basic camera system, four to six cameras. You'll have an internet hooked up there somewhere in a common setup. Or if you have to link in the way that we've done it, if we had to link in to a resident's internet, we just pay for their internet. Okay? Um &gt;&gt; And that way you have an internet service for your camera system. Okay? Say again? Sorry, I didn't catch that. Uh if you have a four-unit Yes. and you can't get a common area internet separate from the units and you have to use a resident's address, right, for internet purposes to get the internet set up, right? You have to have an address. Mhm. So, if you can't get that, um then what you do is you just set it up in one of the units. You pay for it. Okay. Right? The resident gets to use it, but you're paying for their internet. It may be 80 bucks a month or something, right? Okay. &gt;&gt; But that ensures that you have an internet connection and a Wi-Fi and everything set up for your camera systems. Okay. Hey hey Samara, this is Gideon. Hello. Hey, how are you? Uh last time I saw you in Vegas. Uh I have a buddy of mine that actually owns a condo in Vegas right on Karen Street, which is right across from the uh convention center. And he is a member of the HOA like he is a board member of the HOA. So, if I sent you a private message, but if you want to have any questions or if you have any questions that you want to propose to him, I'll happy to give you his contact information. Sure. Thank you so much. You bet. Very cool. Um anyone else real quick? I think I see Alan in here. Yes. Okay. Hey, can you hear me okay? Yes. Um I'm looking at a mobile home park and it's um &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; the cap rate is a little north of 9%. Um utilities are city rather than you know, anything that's on site like for sewage etc. It's all city maintained. Um I guess how do you value mobile home parks from a high level? Is it um you know, just based on the lot rent or do you look at the value of a um mobile home on a pad and the additional rent from the mobile home um or any derivative of that, I guess. Yeah, I'm going to send you And don't um don't pay attention to the number of the number I'm going to put this in the chat. It'll be long. Okay. &gt;&gt; This is the checklist for a mobile home park. Okay. Appreciate it. Oh, wait. Hold on. It doesn't let me do that many. Hey, Justin, is a mobile home park the same as an RV park? Different. I mean, it can be. You can have a combo, actually. Um because &gt;&gt; long-term? &gt;&gt; It's got mobile homes on it with pads and then you have blank spots for RVs to park in. Right? &gt;&gt; RV long-term? No. [clears throat] No, they're I mean, no. I'd say RV is much more short-term, right? They're in and out. Yeah, for what monthly snowbird that what that type? Yeah, and then a mobile home park would just have, you know, modular homes that are brought in um and you know, they would put their house on there. And you typically if you provide it, you would sell it to them. So, that way you're not an owner of real estate, you're an owner of land. You're land lessor leaser. So, that way you're not really running the real estate, you're running the land. Uh think of it like what McDonald's does is they don't they they own the land and then they um lease the building. Right? Uh it's what a lot of the guys do. So, they're land land lease guys. Um But yeah, I did put the checklist in the chat for everyone. Uh it talks about in there size. No, it's all fine. Yeah. What was Lorex? &gt;&gt; Uh you don't need 100 pads or more. It talks about having mobile home parks with 100 pads or more. You don't need that. That's kind of like an ideal scenario. You could be smaller cuz we own six mobile home parks um currently and I don't think any one of them are 100 pads or more. They're all smaller, but they're next to each other. So, we combine them, right? Uh and then they're run through another it's a co-general partnership deal on it. Mhm. Okay. And yes, Johnny, it's called Lorex cameras. You can get them off Amazon. Uh great little camera package. And they're all Wi-Fi based. Um which is great and they'll hook into your internet system anywhere just like an like an Alexa. And you can And they're all wired cameras. So, they're not Wi-Fi, they're wired. Those are the ones you want are the wired ones. Um just that way you're not dealing with any, you know, messy Wi-Fi stuff. Uh but they'll it'll go to a hub. So, you'll get them installed, pretty easy to do. A little handyman can put all them put everything up or you can do it, whatever. Um and then the cameras will be there on on all your properties. So. Uh I see Sanden in here. Just trying to get myself off mute. How are you? Um Doing well. I was just interested in um hearing a little bit about your mobile home park sort of acquisition process. Uh so, you bought it sounds like six parks that were near each other, combined them, and then um you're charging rent plus ground rent, Justin? Is that right? &gt;&gt; depends. So, yeah, we don't &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; own any of the mobile homes. So, those are owned by the residents. Yeah. Uh we just lease the land. Correct. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, that's like ground rent. Yeah. Yeah, so if you look at that checklist, it'll say you want surrounding single-family homes, any single-family homes around the mobile homes to have a value of $100,000 or greater. You want apartment rents, if there's any apartments around the area to be at $1,000 ideally per month or greater, if you can. It's not absolute. Uh you want the utilities publicly owned. So, that's good if they're publicly owned utilities. Um you if you have mobile homes on there, ideally 1980 mobile homes are newer. Um decent road conditions. Uh in terms of locations, ideally you want them within 5 mi of a Walmart. Okay. Okay. That's in the checklist. &gt;&gt; those performing for you? Great. Except the one in Texas got We had a an RV/mobile home park because of the that massive flood that killed all those people in Texas north of San Antonio. &gt;&gt; Erwin. Yeah. Man. I I I think I shared that with all of you one day. Uh it got half of it wiped out and down river and Jeez. &gt;&gt; homes and people went with it. It was So, we're still trying to put that one back together. Thank goodness that was mostly an RV park uh with some mobile homes on it. But not not many, thank goodness. Uh Sorry to hear that. Yeah, it was devastating for I mean, heck with the mobile homes, I mean, the lives that were lost was incredible. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So. Uh Did you find those one last question just to build on um the other gentleman, but uh did you find those um just through your broker relationships? Are they off market? I mean, I've heard they can &gt;&gt; we went through our buddies at Sawgrass Capital. So, they're buddies of ours. And with them, they're the head GP leading it up. So, they were the one that found the deals and put them together and all that stuff. And then we just co-did it alongside them. &gt;&gt; Okay. Got you. Yeah. Thanks. &gt;&gt; That's not our primary capacity. Yeah. But we do know it well enough to be in it, but you know, we let them spearhead it just cuz we trusted them. Yeah. Cool. Thanks for the checklist, too. Yeah. Yeah, and like density like 14 by 46 lots. Um There's some financing opportunities in there. Did you know that Warren Buffett is one of the largest owners of mobile home parks anywhere in the United States? And he has the financing company called 21st Century Mobile Home Financing. So, you know, he finances them all. He owns a lot of them. Um yeah, it's it's pretty wild. Pretty wild. And then I I put in there the the states where a majority of the mobile homes are at. So, you'll see that. Um I'm surprised that South Carolina, which I know is heavy in that. South Carolina, North Carolina, but South Carolina I didn't see &gt;&gt; Just read my mind. My friends own there, and they want to expand. So, they own there in Kentucky. Yeah, Kentucky's big on it, but you I don't know why I don't have South Carolina in this list. That's weird. Yeah, South Carolina is where I got that LP deal with those um that GP. Okay. Yeah. Got it. Hey Justin, I noticed you have 5 mi within a Walmart. Have you ever heard of 5 blocks within a McDonald's? Yeah, so that that would go I mean, that's just great for path of progress. Great [laughter] for for a lot of things. Um cuz what tends to go around that is like a Starbucks. I mean, y'all see that if you drive around retail and stuff, you'll notice that they all kind of package themselves together. Like, you'll always notice a Ross next to a Marshalls. And then that's, you know, across the way from a Target. And then if that Target's next door to Home Depot. And then Dick's Sporting Goods is next to Target. And then there's four gas stations on every corner. Correct. So, it's very interesting how they all usually go in together. Uh and you'll you'll see them chase each other because they've all done their metrics. Yeah, it saves you a bundle. &gt;&gt; case is cuz you imagine you got these billion-dollar companies, and they have these teams of analysts. It saves you a bundle. &gt;&gt; easily know the metrics of demographics and path of progress much faster than you can. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, if you see them going in, it's kind of telling you something, right? &gt;&gt; It's telling you something. So, which I love. Same thing if you have banks and churches on the corners, always a good sign. Always a good sign. Um great. Any other questions and stuff uh here on this Tuesday? I have a question, Justin. Yeah. Um so, I have the uh six-unit the small six-unit under contract, and we're going to do do um home inspection I think next week. Okay. If I came into contact with any of the tenants, is there anything that I should be asking them in particular, you know, management-wise or you know, you know, what do you suggest? Yeah. And and and take it with a grain of salt as well. Meaning it Listen, tenants love to talk, you know what, about the owner and the manager, okay? They love nothing more than to trash them, okay? So, just take that with a grain of salt. But, certainly, hey, how do you like living here? I I ask let less about the ownership and stuff. I would always ask, "Hey, is it pretty safe? Do you like you feel pretty safe here?" How's it at night? Uh anything kind of any nuance or any nuances any um nuisances around the the neighborhood? And watch them they'll talk trash about their They'll talk trash about their You know, which is great. I don't know who's that. And I think we got that. There we go. Um but yeah, they'll they'll talk, you know, trash about their neighbor. I see that [laughter] all Yeah, Lucy next door, she's such a Right, or whatever weird stuff happens. They they talk all kinds of stuff. Happens all the time. Uh you know, unit 303 down there, like they're trash. Like, you need to evict them. Like, [laughter] whatever. Like, this this is the craziest stuff comes out of these things. Um but yeah, it's just taking a peek at maybe how they live and stuff like that. It's not like you can do much about it at this point. Yeah, I always look around safety. Are there any big items that aren't being fixed in the unit? Like, big items. Okay. &gt;&gt; Like, big items. And um you know, I always like to ask them uh you know, what would you improve about the property? What would make you like the property more? Just to kind of get a you know, a wish list from them. Okay. You know. Um It just makes them feel a little bit included. Um cuz then when if you go in there and start improving things, they're like, "Oh man, like she's cool." You know. Right. Okay. &gt;&gt; things like that. But yeah, take it with a grain of salt. Um yeah, I don't even ask about the owners really. I just ask about the area, the safety, do they like it? You know, what would they improve? And are there any major items that aren't fixed right now? Gotcha. Okay. And then um do you have any um suggestions or recommendations on commercial-grade washers and dryers? Cuz we've got that small laundry mat. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And like the the utility bill is only like $30 I think for electricity, and the water is only $10. So, we're thinking there's got to be some broken, you know, machines in there because it doesn't seem like a lot. Yeah, I would actually get into a rental agreement. Uh it could be something for you to look at versus you This is what I would do. I They're I I I would keep the rental agreement as as um uh short as possible. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; So, couple things to look for. Like, CSC is one of the companies. There's a couple other Wash hand, like the you know, washing machine company. You do a lease with them. They bring in the equipment. They maintain it, which is key. That's the key is they maintain it. They're responsible for maintenance. Cuz it's not in it's not a big money driver. You're not making a bunch of money off the coin laundry system. At least not in these small type things. And even in the big ones. You're not It's it's more of a service provider than anything else. So, don't look at it like a money grab. It's just never going to happen. Um you mean you may make, you know, 30 bucks or something off it. You know, per per month. Which is okay. Great. It's a couple Starbucks coffees. But, it's it's more of the service provider. So, that's why I always did the leasing out to them. And uh would have them maintain it. So, that way it's not on my ass. Cuz if you go buy them, let's say you go buy them. You're going to have to You're going to spend a gob of money maintaining those things cuz they will break down. And then you're going to be called out there. They're going to call out. It's going to be a headache for you. At the end of the day, you'll end up ripping them out. And then you'll put in the leasing ones. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right, thank you. I mean, imagine that problem, but on a 200-unit complex where they're all in each unit. Because we So, we started renovating a complex that we purchased. And about 20 units in, meaning providing the appliance, right? We bought them. We provided them. And people moved in and about three, four months into it, what happens? They start breaking, right? So, then now the maintenance game starts. And I'm like, oh gosh, this is we're going to have to have so many parts on hand. It's so expensive. You can't find the parts. Having to fix this, fix that. It became And it was overwhelming our maintenance staff. Cuz they weren't even fixing They're fixing washers and dryers. And then we were having to call out third-party maintenance companies, and that gets really expensive, right? If if the on-site guys can't fix it, then you call third party, and you know, that's $400 just for them to show up. So, it just got outrageous. So, we nixed that 20 units in. And then we just put in the connections for all the other units. And then we have a leasing program at the complex where people have to lease a stackable washer and dryer through our third-party vendor. Yeah. So, in this case, you could lease them. They're I I guarantee just uh type in um CSC CSC washing machines or uh washing machine rental companies for Virginia, right? It it it it'll populate for you. Okay. &gt;&gt; And and then get some You just want that rental agreement to be maybe 24 months, right? Yeah. &gt;&gt; 36 months max. And then look at how you cancel it. Read about how you cancel it. That's going to be really key for you. Okay. &gt;&gt; they put in little language in there that says, "You must call us you know, 1 year before you're going to you know, cancel. And then if you don't, then it automatically renews for another 3 years." That whole crap. So, you want to be very very tactful with that. Gotcha. All right, thank you. That's good information. Yeah, you bet. Uh Cristiano. Hi Justin. Two questions. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Okay. First one, like, pros and cons of uh single building multi-unit versus a portfolio of different like duplexes, single-family homes that maybe are being sold even on the same lot or like close to each other. I mean, I wanted to hear from you if you should go always for like a single building multi-unit or also like portfolios are good options. That's like Yeah. So, single building is always best. However, if you can get a handful of duplexes and fourplexes or whatever it is all within the same area, and then you can cross-collateralize those with a local regional commercial bank, then they'll treat it as almost one loan. And that's where you get the best financing. Okay? Um cuz they'll they'll treat it as a commercial loan. Right? But, that would be the way to do it. But, you all want them read like within, you know, few blocks or you know, a miles of each other, so that way you can leverage economies of scale. But cost more to maintain it, I guess, right? Like having this &gt;&gt; going to be a little bit more, but not drastically, you know, not drastically. But yeah, you all want them relatively close. Okay, that was the first question. And finally, went to Dallas forward 10 days ago. Boots on the ground, great learning experience. Uh I already knew that for my budget what I have in mind, I might be a little tight with Dallas right now. I mean, I also didn't vent the inventory is not as like big as of now. Different price sector, actually. Learned a lot, and yes, I'm also looking into Houston, but guess what? As soon as I landed in Dallas, I opened the news. Uh tornado, hurricane hit Houston, like 100 homes. Like Okay, uh I see Houston has so many more properties. &gt;&gt; Now you know why I don't invest in Houston. Okay, you answered my question. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Houston's not bad. You just you got to really know that market, and you got to ideally live there or just really know it. Cuz it's its own animal. Yeah, it's its own animal. Exactly. One thing I learned from a property management I met, I mean, I can confirm that, it's like if there is a hurricane tornado, whatever, makes the home inhabitable, uh tenants are still required to pay rent. Does it make sense to you? Because in California, you know, if you have an issue, I mean, then like a structural issue. &gt;&gt; that's a Texas thing you're saying? Well, I mean, they they may be required to pay rent, but you're going to have to house them elsewhere. Okay. So they &gt;&gt; Yes, you you I mean, you mean, yes, they may have to pay rent, right? But you're going to have to number one get it fixed, and number two, uh house them until it gets fixed. So you'll put them up in a hotel. &gt;&gt; for you pay for the like relocation. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for the hotel. Or for a short-term stay or wherever they're going to stay at until the property's put back. That's right. Yeah, but that was in Dallas, a property management told me that. Uh I was quite surprised. &gt;&gt; they may still have to pay rent. That's that's probably true. Uh and a you know, a handful of them may not, you know, they may bust out, who knows. But then you have the insurance policies and stuff there. But once again, that's why I just never wanted to deal with the the opportunity of a hurricane coming to hit or some crazy flood. Doesn't even have to be a hurricane. I mean, it could just rain 14 inches in Houston. So and then that place floods. It's like on a slab of clay. So next thing you know, I mean, you got water rushing in your house in your apartment complex, and everybody's out on the street, and it's flooded all over the place. Uh I mean, you're going to be in in big trouble. And then you still have to deal with it. So there's still you got to think it there's you have a um a um a deductible and everything in place. You still have to you're going to be out of pocket a grip of money before you ever see insurance money back to you. Okay, so Houston, probably better not to start off with. Not if it's your first place and you don't live there. Okay, good. Yeah, I would recommend there there's plenty of other beautiful spots and great markets that don't deal with the weather problem. Um you know, in in Dallas, I mean, even I mean, sure in the outskirts of any city in the Midwest, you could have a tornado touch down, right? Yeah. Yes, but not as much in the in the urban centers. It's typically out in the outskirts, usually, nine times out of 10. So um you'll usually see it in the outskirts. But a beautiful hurricane comes off that Gulf of America, which has happened, and it sits right over Houston and just dumps more rain than you can fathom. Uh I mean, I I thought I knew what rain was until I went to Texas. And then I saw rain hit so hard, I literally thought it was going to come through the ceiling of my car. I mean, it was unbelievable. It was like God took a bucket of water and dumped it on the earth all at one time. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Unbelievable. Uh two last questions before we finish up here. I think we have Sand and then Samira, and then we'll finish up. Thanks, Justin. Hey, I just wanted your candid feedback on off-market properties. Um maybe not for the first one, or do you always like to work through a broker? Um I just was I was looking at some small town smaller markets, Fayetteville and some others, and um getting to know the brokers, but um just wondering um you know, if if you have ever done an off-market deal or, you know, just where there there aren't brokers involved. You're just approaching a seller. &gt;&gt; Off-market's great. Uh it's the same financial, same process. Yeah. Right? You're just going to And if they don't have the financials cuz they're mom and pop, then I the next question is, well, great, do you have a bank account associated with the property? And if they're like, yeah, I do, great. Well, then listen, I can put together a profit and loss and all the financials for you. I just need access. If you want to send me the bank statements, then I can put it all together. And yeah, it's a little bit more work, but you can also get a great deal. Yeah. They're opening up the hood. How about owner-financed? Have you done any of those? Are you kidding me? Yeah. I mean, if you have if you have a property that has no debt on it, Yeah. right? Uh and if it does, you can still do other types of financing, but um yeah, if the owner can finance, all day long. I mean, we have I'd say, you know, almost half of the deals that get done uh here are owner-financed. Cool. Yeah, I mean, that's pretty simple. &gt;&gt; lot of loans maturing, too, in the next, you know, that are that are, you know, they're they're refinancing into what could still be a a higher rate market, so some folks might want to get out. Yep. Cool. Thank you. &gt;&gt; the yeah, owner financing is great if they can do it. Um and then you take that all day long, cuz especially if you if all you need to worry about is coming up with some equity, and then they're going to be your bank, then you alleviate all the underwriting. Underwriting, yeah. Yep. So I think it's it's great if they can do that for a window of time, even if it's two to three years, right? Amen to that. Yeah, I guess ones that they've owned it they owned it outright, or maybe they've had it in their family for a while. So those can be searched. &gt;&gt; are great if they can pull that off. That's that's that's a cool scenario. Cool. Thank you. You bet. Samira, last question. Yes, my last question is about the company structure for these fourplex. So um I want to buy [clears throat] this property under my name, is there any way I heard that it is possible that later I transferred it deed to the company name? Yeah. Um if you have any experience to about this stuff, because I wanted to open a bank account for the company, and also all the transaction goes through that uh company's name, especially specifically for that for this property in Vegas, not our company Global Getaway that we already have. Um so if you have any, you know, advices how we structure how I structure the company and to get the, you know, all of these tax benefits, I would appreciate Correct. Yeah, so what you'll do what the lender's going to require you to do to give you the the loan, FHA loan or whatever it is you get, is to close on it in your name. Yes. Right? Right. And then within 7 days after closing, you're going to quitclaim deed it, quitclaim deed it to your LLC. Okay. Quick &gt;&gt; Very Yeah, quitclaim deed. Quitclaim deed. Quitclaim deed. And that'll transfer it right into your LLC. Bank doesn't need to know anything about that. Changes nothing. It's similar ownership structure. It's just an LLC for asset protection purposes. And then you're good to go. I shouldn't tell to the lender about that. &gt;&gt; Hell no. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; And also &gt;&gt; Yeah, and you don't need you don't need to. No, no, no. You just you just deed it. How can I transfer to the LLC through the escrow company that closed that? Uh correct. Yep. So what I would do is after after closing, I would just uh call the escrow officer and say, "Hey, you know, uh I need to drop a quitclaim deed to deed the property from myself to my LLC." And they'll ask for some documents that you'll provide them, and then they'll set up the actual deed, and then it'll get signed, and then recorded at the county recorder. Okay. And then I'll open a account for the LLC, and I do that now. &gt;&gt; do that now. Yeah, you can open up a bank account now, do all that kind of back end stuff now, and then you can transfer that property within a week of you closing on it. Okay, got you. All right, thank you. Does that LLC need to be located in Nevada? Yes. It does? Okay. Oh, wait. Take that Hold on. And it will help. Actually, Nevada has a lot of tax Uh no, it does not. No, it does not. All right, my apologies. Don't take that advice. No. This could be your Wyoming holding company. It does not matter. Yeah, this is not because it's not a commercial. I got my mind off residential commercial. It's a residential property, so this isn't a lender requirement. This is a personal thing for your asset protection. So this could be your holding company Wyoming, California, or state you're in. Correct. So, it makes a little confusion for me. So, shouldn't I open It's better to not open a new company in Nevada? No, do you already have your holding company set up? Um because this is going to under my name and also my uh you know um all of my uh stuff. So, I prefer because the company that we have in a California, I I have a partner, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, it needs to be you. Correct. So, it needs to be your company solely. So, do you have one set up yet for you solely? Okay. For my sole, no. Yep. So, then you need to go set one up tonight in Wyoming. Wyoming? It'll cost you 100 bucks. Okay. &gt;&gt; And in 15 &gt;&gt; So, you recommend to open it in Wyoming, not in uh Vegas? No. Yeah, you can open it up in Wyoming. It's a holding company for you. Then your property in Vegas can hold title to that. No problem. Okay. No separate company in Vegas. No. Okay. Got you. Yeah, cuz this is not a commercial property where the lender is going to require Okay. &gt;&gt; that the LLC be in the state. All right. Got you. It's not like This is a residential deal, so you can have it owned, you know, in Timbuktu, Egypt. And isn't better that I open it after January? Uh yes. Absolutely. That way you're not dealing with any uh taxes in there. &gt;&gt; 2025. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for no point, right? You're you're waiting another I have more losses for other companies. Right. Yeah, you can open it up January 1st. Yeah. Okay. Got you. All right. Thank you so much. You bet. All right, everybody. Have a good rest of your evening. I hope this was fun coming on and then yeah, I put in the dates in there. So, we still have it. Don't worry like if you're East Coast or whatever it is, but December 18th, 19th, we're having that little two-day thing out here. Uh we're just having a little presentation thing. We are going to walk a couple properties down. So, we're going to walk our 80-unit apartment deal and I'll show everybody that one down here in San Diego. I'm also going to walk you by our 20-unit new construction development deal uh that's ground-up construction that we haven't even built yet. It's literally got a house on it right now. That's a 1923 piece of crap. Um but it's going to be great when it's built. So, but we'll walk that in San Diego while we're going to be here and be out in the field as well as a couple hours each day in the little uh presentation area. So, if you can make it, great. Uh we'll have Kevin and everybody send out uh the details cuz we got all those today on the location, the address, all that stuff, if you want to come in for that. Um it'd be great. All right. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; still working on January dates, Justin? Yeah, and that'll be probably the latter part of January right now. Probably like the last week in January. Yeah. Awesome. Thanks. You bet. Awesome, everybody. Have a great evening. Thank you. Justin, do you have just a minute? I have a a couple questions. Sure. Oh, I just wanted to &gt;&gt; I have to jump off. I got like 2 minutes. Oh, okay. I'll just try and schedule something sometime. &gt;&gt; Or did Do you have my cell phone number, right? No. Here, let me Yeah, you should be here. Let me type it in here cuz you should have it. It's It's in the back in your system. I'm sure it's somewhere. I'm just So, that way you can text me directly. Got it. Yeah, and we can conversate that way with you. Yeah. Cool. All right. Thanks. &gt;&gt; You bet. You bet, Liam. Thanks, guys.