Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello. Everybody's coming on in. Happy Thursday. Hope everybody's doing well. Get that going. See everybody coming in. Doing a little home office presentation for you today. How's everybody doing? Chime on in. Mr. Dom, we got Chad in here. Doug, good to see you. Jaden, good to see you as well. We got Mr. Jason Manning. Awesome. Julio, good. Julian, good to see you. You're very excited. You You closed. Let's make it happen. Good job. Uh, Kelly, good to see you. Then we got Michael and Miguel and all that. So, rock and roll. Um, Julian, are you available to chat? Like to bring you up real quick chat since you just closed on your 23 unit. So, I think it'd be helpful just to kind of hear the horror stories and all that stuff for everybody to give them excitement here on a Thursday. [laughter] Just kidding. Uh, no, that like the standard, you know, it's the first one's always the hardest. We've talked about that. Um, but that way you can kind of walk through some of the uh, you know, the the stage of the call it the due diligence through the close, right? So, you've gotten the property under contract and now we're going through the due diligence phase and everything that you did. I think that would be helpful. Um, let me pull this up and share so that way everybody understands, you know, the stage that you'll be at once that deal comes under contract. But he came right through this stage right here and then now he's in stage 10 where he's closed. He's got the management coming in place. Uh, but really talking about stage 8 and stage 9, Julian, I think would be helpful from your perspective since most recently like literally closed on on Monday. So, um, if you have a second, I'd like to bring you up and chat about that if you have if you're able to let me know. Put in the chat and then I'll bring you up. I see you. Do I see you? Sorry, you're back. Oh, yeah. Julian, do you want to come up and talk about stage eight and nine, which is the due diligence and closing, inspections, all of that, loan, capital, putting all that together legally, financially, and closing the deal. That's stage, you know, nine. And then 10 is obviously management, which is what you're at now. So, uh, I'm going to shoot you a message to come up real quick and see if you're able to do that. See where you're at here. Come on up. Where you're in? Are you in here? You're in here. I see you're texting, but where's your name in here? Or did you fall off again? Are you back and forth? Yeah, I like him. Uh, you're here. Yeah, I see you're here, but where's your name in the uh um It's not under Julio. Uh, that's really weird. You're not showing up in my attendees list, but you are here. That is strange. Um, yeah, that is really strange. Let me try this. Huh. Uh, yeah, that is strange. I see everybody else in here and you're texting. I don't know. Uh, yeah, maybe you have to go out and come back in or something. I yeah have to figure that out. It's really strange why that that's uh not showing you in here, but we will get to the bottom of that. No problem. I know Kevin's in here as well. Um so we can maybe figure that out when he gets in here. Okay. Yeah, we're going to call a couple brokers here today as well and get into that. Um, I did want to go over and Jason, since I see you in here, are you okay if I pull up that deal that you'd sent over and kind of go through that one a little bit? Are you okay with that? Okay, awesome. So, we'll start with that first and kind of go through some of the details and stuff that I was seeing on that when we reviewed it. Um cuz I know you kind of put in the numbers and then you're like, "Holy crap, is this thing too good to be true?" Um no, I mean it's a good it's actually a good deal even after we adjusted those numbers. Um but now it's just a matter of going through and get some uh details. So Julian, I do see you in here again. So you're back in. I'm going to bring you up. So we'll do Julian first and then we'll go over the deal, Jason. Then we're going to call some brokers and go through that and then I'm going to open it up to Q&amp;A as well. So, let's uh bring Julian in here real quick. &gt;&gt; Hello, everyone. &gt;&gt; All right. Can everybody hear Julian on the mic? Should be working. &gt;&gt; Testing. One, two, three. Sounds good. All right. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, what am I talking about? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's um Yeah, let's walk through that question. &gt;&gt; I'm going to ask a couple questions and then &gt;&gt; kind of get your feedback on it. Does that work? &gt;&gt; Awesome. So uh you with this particular deal when did you open up contract? &gt;&gt; So we opened contract in uh Jan January oh no February 4th. February 4th. &gt;&gt; February 4th. Okay. And the reason it kept getting kind of extended and pushed on a little bit was due to information you were finding out from the seller. Correct. &gt;&gt; Uh no. So we were we would have closed on uh you know in 60 days. Uh, but I was, you know, struggling with the capital raise. So, um, &gt;&gt; you did the extension. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I did the So, I took the 30-day I took the 30-day extension. So, we we we closed in 90 days. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. So, as everybody knows, your typical uh timeline is 60 to 90 days on a closing. Your LOI, your contract are going to state 60. Um, and then you can pull the extension, which Julian did as he was getting towards the end. was close on all the capital and everything but needed a little bit more and to get it across the finish line. So, he enacted that extension option that was in the contract and gave himself another 30 days to close um between the inspections. So, let's walk through. You open up the contract February 4th &gt;&gt; going in, you're doing the inspections. walk through the inspection process, the people you had look at the property and the things that you found out and kind of &gt;&gt; cuz we looked at the inspection reports, the roof reports, all the stuff that we went through on the property. But let's walk through that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um the inspection um you know, anybody who knows, you know, single family, uh real estate, it's very similar. I mean, like there's it's very very busy in the end. Then there's a little bit of waiting, then it gets really really busy and then you're like, "Okay, can we close already?" So, uh, the first two weeks were insane because it was like, "All right, we're actually under contract. Let me get in a commercial, um, you know, general inspector. Um, the particular person that I worked with wouldn't do sewer scope, so I had to get a specific person to do that. Then I wanted to make sure that I had someone look at the roof and the the boiler and, you know, all the things that, you know, could be very expensive, of course, if if they blew up, um, and would be, you know, very expensive during the deal. So, wanted to to get as much information I had about the property um as possible because it was being sold as a stabilized, you know, we're ready to go. This is a turnkey. You know, we're only charging 750 a month and rent, but you can charge 950. No worries tomorrow. And I was like, "So, um the the &gt;&gt; by the way, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; not uncommon." Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. because you know everybody wants to paint their property and everything is you know great and you know so but but it's buyer beware &gt;&gt; but that's why you come through this process. Did you use the due diligence checklist that we provide for you? &gt;&gt; Yes, I did. I did and um so we came down on price a couple of times. So the asking was 1.3 um I penciled the deal at 1.25 based on the im original conversation I had with them. And then after due diligence uh financial and physical um mostly actually uh financial due diligence like just the things weren't adding up. I was like look I like the building but you guys are trying to the story that you're telling me is that this is a stabilized you know uh property people are paying on time x y and z and the story that the the the numbers are telling me are quite different. Um, so I knocked I got a I was able to knock down the price 100K based on that. So this actually &gt;&gt; So you went from uh we said 13 what? &gt;&gt; 1.3 1.3 was the uh the the offer in the uh the OM. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Um it pencled for me at 1.25. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And then after physical and financial due diligence um I got it knocked down to 1.15. &gt;&gt; Okay. So that's how you negotiate the deal. So, let's kind of walk through this so everybody understands that &gt;&gt; and this is how you mitigate risk, right? And that's why you have the contracts, the due diligence phase, the inspections, everything. So, you're not &gt;&gt; getting into what would have been a money pit &gt;&gt; because buying the property here would be a money pit because he's overpaying based upon the financials and the condition of the property. &gt;&gt; But what this process did is you go through, you did the physical inspections, which you did, &gt;&gt; then you did the financial inspections on all the numbers. Correct. &gt;&gt; Things weren't driving, [laughter] right? And then what's great is now you can leverage it because you can say, "Listen guys, you said it was X, Y, and Z, and now it's not X, Y, and Z. It's zwatt, and neiho, right? It's just it's totally it's not the same. &gt;&gt; And the number that's why it's it's the greatest part about this game is that the numbers don't lie. Like, you can't, &gt;&gt; right? people are there and they're paying rent or they're not. Like the money's coming into a bank account or it's not. It's all trackable and traceable if you need to get to that point. Uh when you're in residential, it's it's more emotional, right? It's it's not as much of a facts and data and numbers game. It's more like how do I feel today? And so that's why I enjoy the commercial side a bit more because there is more much more logical and data driven and financial driven and not a fugazi fugazi in the sky. &gt;&gt; And so &gt;&gt; right the one thing to be careful about though as you know as a first time uh as a first-time buyer in this uh in this space you you have to be wary of it's storytelling like because the reality I I've heard you say this multiple times Justin as well. like the Excel sheet, you know, the numbers are only as good as the Excel sheet, right? Like it it really comes down to the assumptions that are being made. If you know, one of the really big sticking points was, oh, well, you're assuming that, you know, the property is operating more poorly because you have a higher, you know, debt, bad debt ratio, and you shouldn't be assuming that. You should be assuming that the property is, you know, operating at 100% because these are the numbers that we're based on. and you know having to go back and and being able to go back and and and argue that no this we h I have to stress test this deal you know and you know I don't need to see every single number but like if there's too much of a delta between what you're saying what I'm saying like we can't we can't get along right so um &gt;&gt; yes let me yeah let me let me stop you there because there was a discrepancy in the numbers that you found &gt;&gt; what was the main discrepancy So the the main uh it feels like a world away. I [laughter] it's hard to remember but the um the the main thing was that um you know they were h they they identified some number for other income that just didn't make sense. Like their NOI was much higher than the NOI that I can reconcile. And they're like, "Oh, well, it's because, you know, we have all of this money coming in from um Oh, that's what it was. They were counting bad debt as actual income." And I was like, "No, this needs to be deducted from what? Um, this needs to be deducted from the income, not added to it." um because they were assuming that you know that they would collect it but based on what they uh you know the statements that um were presented the year before they hadn't actually collected so that number just didn't make sense. &gt;&gt; How did you find that out? &gt;&gt; Um it was &gt;&gt; meaning what did you dig into to figure that out? Because this is important for people when you're going through the due diligence and the financials &gt;&gt; and you see things that don't align. This is important because it'll allow you to catch it and be a smarter investor. So, &gt;&gt; so the first thing I mean like you can't really fight with the the numbers like the Excel sheet will tell you you know if you put in 750 or whatever there 23 units in here like that number you spit out like you know that that that's fine but you know what is it what about the late fees? What about you know uh pet fees? Like you can assume a certain portion of that as as actual income that people will pay, fine. But like if the if the model that they if their income model is late fees every single month and their like that's that's a problem. And if that percentage is too high, um it's telling you that they're not, you know, they're not operating a building that's, you know, they're not their collections uh system isn't isn't going very well. So, it just made me dig into other, you know, to other questions. It also was a red flag for me the um the taxes, how much they were paying in taxes, which is actually really really high um versus, you know, what I would have to pay in taxes based on the sales price. Um insurance was a big was a big game for me as well because um these are operators. They have over 800 apartments um throughout the throughout the city. Um, so they can probably negotiate with insuranceers in a way that I can't. They got a much cheaper insurance policy than I did. Um, and they also &gt;&gt; So, yeah. So, let's let me stop you there real quick. So, on the insurance, so everybody understands the process for this cuz the two biggest line items typically in your P&amp;L statement, as you know, your expenses are property taxes and insurance. &gt;&gt; Those are usually the biggest ones. So, those are the ones you need to get right. Yeah, &gt;&gt; repairs and maintenance are very important as we all know, but the big one's those two. So, we know how you do the property taxes and you can use AI to help with that and then you're going to verify it. &gt;&gt; Second one is the insurance. This is why we have the vendors and systems that you can reach out to as you're going into contract on the property and you can get an insurance quote. No different than getting a soft quote on the lending. You can reach out to the insurance brokers that we have in the system for you on the vendor's PDF and say, "Hey, I'm about to go into contract or I'm looking at this deal. I'm getting close to contract. Can you give me an insurance quote?" And you know, there's a few of them in there. Cameron's pretty good. There's a couple others that are insurance brokers that deal with insurance all over the country. So, they know pretty well what the insurance is going to be. and we'll ask you a few questions and data points on the property and they can run that and have it over to you within a couple days. &gt;&gt; An insurance quote that's that's, you know, reasonable, right? [clears throat] You won't won't be exact until you get further in, but pretty reasonable. Um, so that way you can compare that to what they're saying because it is the case sometimes where they have what's called a master policy. And that's what you're talking about, Julian, where if they own a,000 units, 15 different properties, they can get a master insurance policy on all of those and that'll help drive down their insurance costs. Well, not everybody can do that, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Right. Not everybody can do that. Another thing that you'll see happen sometimes on the insurance is you can um piggyback on the property manager's master insurance policy. So that's another kind of uh loophole that if you're dealing with a good property manager that happens to have a master insurance policy, that's kind of a a cool value ad that the property managers can give you to drive down your insurance costs. And some PM companies will do that. So, that's an option when you're interviewing them is do you guys have a master insurance policy that I can piggyback on to drive down my insurance costs? It's an option. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But just you know, that's how you're going to verify the numbers. You definitely want to quote on your own. That's going to be probably the worst case scenario. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then you can dive in and try and find some loopholes to drive it down. And that's I think that's what you're referencing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the other thing is I mean the other thing that's super important for for everybody and I think everybody already knows this but like it just bears repeating just like double check everything. I mean there were you know the numbers that they quoted both on insurance and maintenance were just super low for one um it's the this particular property which still pencils at a higher insurance rate but like I had to get I had to get flood insurance because it's right on the it's right on the the line um of being in flood a flood zone. Um, so I mean that was 5,000 that I wasn't expecting that. &gt;&gt; They they forced you to add that on just because they were Was it the lender that was requiring that? &gt;&gt; The lender required that the lender and that was I had to pay that up front. I mean it's it's $6,000 so it's not the end of the world but and it's still pencils. Um but I mean it would be a much better deal if I didn't have to pay that annually. Um so so there's that. And then the maintenance was also one where they were saying, "Okay, it's about 10,000 a year that we pay on maintenance." And I was just like, "Nah, it just that that can't be for a couple of reasons. Not only just logically if this is a 1966 building um and all of the units are uh I mean there have been some renovations, but like if the boiler is unique to the building um you know, and it has the same age um and you know, etc." Like that's one thing, but I looked at their maintenance log for the the previous year and there's no way that they had, you know, the the number of logs that they had that that amounted [clears throat] to 10,000. Like I just did a I just threw it in chat GBT and I think I forget it was something like they had over 150 requests or something like that. I can't remember the exact number but you know based on what they were and there were repeating or recurring um issues related to um the heat controls not not working or you know the toilet you know being an issue. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So let me let me give you guys a little um trick that operators use and I know it because we use it. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Okay. And operators will do this. Um, we try I mean we're we're we're more above board about it, but every operator does this is you know the formula you know is your P&amp;L is you're going to have right gross rents then you're going to take um then you're going to take out u your economic loss then you're going to add in other income to get to what's called EGI. I, which is effective gross income, right? And then from there, you're going to take out your expenses, and that's going to get you to the NOI, right? And that's the typical P&amp;L. Then you take out your loan, your debt payment, and that's going to get you to your cash flow, right? &gt;&gt; Mhm. Now what operators do is they'll come down here and they'll take out nonoperational expenses. Okay, nonoperational expenses. So, what this operator probably did is stick too much operation expenses below the NOI line thinking you wouldn't catch it and make it nonoperational, one-time expenses, right? These are not recurring expenses, but you have to be tactful because if you're having to replace dishwashers or, you know, refrigerators and you could classify that as a nonoperational capital expenditure as an improvement, you could get away with that, but that's not realistic. And so that's why we use the guidelines. And as you know on those proformas, your guidelines should be right around, you know, $6 to $800 per unit uh for your repairs and maintenance. And then you're going to have another line item for the turnover for the make ready because that's an expense that usually is up and above your your R&amp;M, your repairs and maintenance. So, and we'll get into that in a minute when we look at Jason's deal. But yeah, that's that's what ends up happening is they'll come here and they'll uh make it nonoperational to where it's it's below your cash flow line, your loan NOI, right? It should be stick stuck in here. They go ahead and move it right here. And so what you could have asked them, and maybe you did this, Julian, is hey, can you show me your non-operational lines for expenses? Because they have to put it somewhere, right? Like they have to put the money expenses somewhere. Like if like if you went through their work order logs like you did the repair logs &gt;&gt; and you saw, oh my god, you have so many work orders. Well, how did you only spend $10,000, right? And then they were like, well blah blah blah. Okay, great. Can you show me your non-operational line on your P&amp;L statement like so show because they're they're going to stop their P&amp;L NOI. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And then because they don't need to show you the loan, they're not going to show you the cash flow. So, what I would say is, "Hey, can you show me this line, too?" Right? This one right here. And if they give you any about that, then that lets you know they're hiding some Just so you know. Um, it's very, very common. Very common. Uh, because they'll put one time big ticket items down there, but they are R&amp;M items. like, you know, we had a big leak. We had to replace a water heater. We had to replace dishwashers. We had to, you know, put in new doors on a couple properties and we had to change out a couple windows cuz they started leaking, right? I mean, you could classify those as capital improvements that are nonoperational. You can get away with that, but technically that's an R&amp;M, right? Right. I mean, technically that because what ended up happening is there was a work order assigned to that. Meaning somebody said, "My my ro my my windows leaking, my dishwasher exploded, right? My door is falling off, right? My refrigerator food went out." Right? I mean, we have those all the time. And that is an R&amp;M. That's a work order that was established. They had to go fix it and either repair or replace. And there's a cost. They just decided to put that cost down here, not up here. make sense. &gt;&gt; And that that's what happens. So that's why when they try and get away with, you know, our repairs and maintenance are so good on the property. I'm like, listen, dude, it's real simple. I know that if the property's between 1950 to 1980, we're going to operate right around here. I don't care which way you think you're rolling, that's where it's going. because I know that if I take over that property and I go in and I really operate it and I do an audit on your bank bank accounts, I'm going to find out that those are the real numbers. And so you can try and blow smoke up my ass, but it's not going to happen because I know that it's going to operate there. And so when the brokers, which they're famous for doing this, will make that line item look beautiful. Well, you know, they're we really we annualize the maintenance and they're they're too high. We made them here. And I'm like, guys, it's real simple. What age is the property? Great. Have they completely gutted everything? So, from 1970, is there new plumbing, new electrical, new HVAC, new Nope. Nope. It's all all original. Well, we're going to have a problem. Meaning, I I know my repairs and maintenance is going to be here. If that's the case, because if they have original plumbing, original electrical, original HVAC, and they're just changing and fixing things as they break, then we're going to be here, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; We're going to be here. Yeah. So, that's awesome. uh couple minutes. [laughter] &gt;&gt; One thing I can definitely say as well is I mean I think uh I mean this isn't to stroke my ego but like the reality is like I I earned a lot of respect from the the brokers um going through the the the financial due diligence. Like I mean there were a couple of times they were like BSing me and I was just like bro I'm sorry like [laughter] like look at these numbers like and I mean I mean I got them on a video call and we did a a Zoom together and they're just like the these are the numbers you gave me. these are the like I understand your assumptions, but like it's just it's just not true. I'm sorry. Like you you can you can tell me whatever you want about what the the owners would like. Um but that's just not true. And it came to a point where just like okay, yeah, you're right. I mean like I I get it, you know? So I mean like going through the numbers with the brokers cuz you can you know it's not a sometimes it's like oh do they like me? Do they not like me? Like you know do they um you know what is the rapport or whatever? like the the numbers do really do speak for themselves independent of the stories that you know u you can tell around numbers based on the assumptions and there will be differences. Our assumptions or your assumptions Justin and your model are very different than a lot of the assumptions in uh some brokers will use because of course yours are more conservative because we're stress testing the deal. Um, and you you if you hold to that and really do understand what it is that you're, you know, why you're getting to the the sales number based on uh the the assumptions that we're being taught. Um, again, it it clears out a lot of BS cuz they will &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and and it's not even and you mentioned that they're conservative. No, they're actual realistic. So, &gt;&gt; because yeah, because once again, I can go in there and make that proforma look like, you know, gold. Just start changing some numbers and we're good. Okay? I mean, that's not hard to do. And that's called what they call working for the proforma. &gt;&gt; Meaning, you're working for it. You're just going to plug in whatever numbers make the deal look great. But what's going to end up happening is you're going to close escrow on the thing. You're going to overpay for that property. And then all of a sudden you're going to be into a money pit because the thing's not going to operate. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then you're going to be like, "Shit, man. That R&amp;M number, it's a lot higher. That repairs and maintenance, you know, I they told me it was this and but I'm in it." And man, it's closer to what Justin was saying. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I know. I mean, we've operated enough to know what re what you know, you know, what lipstick on a pig looks like and then what the reality is. And I and once again, if they're saying that the repairs and maintenance and these numbers are are lower, then my response is, well, did they redo the plumbing? Did they redo all the electrical? So, they ripped open all the walls and redid all the electrical, all the plumbing, all the pipes, all the HVAC systems, all the big components in that building. They've redone all of those. And they're like, "Well, no, but they're doing it as they they need." Okay, it's still a 1960s building that has all the original stuff that will break and you're going to have to repair it. So, that's just the way it works. Okay. Uh so that uh got another minute here I want to spend with you and then we're going to jump on. But so we get all the way through that, you get into uh the capital raising side, the loan and I think you secure you secured the loan pretty quickly, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. The loan. So, I actually uh I got really lucky because so this particular owner, like I said, has 800 uh doors across uh Lansing and um we well, we never got into escrow, but like there was another unit that I was looking at and the brokers were just they didn't understand syndication deals, so it it fell through. I started the capital raise based on that and I also started a relationship with a lender based on that. They really liked that deal. They like this deal even more because it was bigger. So, um I mean the lender was was on board pretty much from day one. Um and then it was just all right, let me get let me raise the capital. So, I had a little bit of capital raised from the first deal that that fell through. Um and then I raised the rest of it. Um 250 total is what I raised. Um I still need to raise about 130 um on the back end. um just to be able to pay myself and stuff like that. But I mean, I was definitely able to use my own money and uh what does what I was able to raise and get a a bridge loan um to to make sure I could close. But yeah, &gt;&gt; got it. &gt;&gt; Okay. Awesome. Um two biggest takeaways and then we'll move on that you can you can you they're kind of dissecting it now. So now you have the property manager in place or are you self-managing? &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no. Property manager. Um so I've got property manager in place. Uh, one [laughter] thing, rookie mistake. Um, make sure I was so focused on the capital raise and making sure that the bank accounts were set up and stuff like that. So, the uh the the thing I'm doing now, it's it's fixed, but I forgot to actually switch the utilities in my name. There was a there was a a moment where uh yeah, the the tenants didn't have electricity because um the the the sellers shut it off so they have to continue to pay for it. But I forgot to um I forgot to um uh to do that. So um &gt;&gt; how much time um they usually will keep it on for a little while and then verify it before they shut it off. But &gt;&gt; no, they they didn't. I mean like we closed on we closed on Monday and then uh I wasn't paying attention. I actually was traveling uh back to um to Liberia where I am now and uh I got a I got a message yesterday from the property manager like, "Yeah, the electricity is off." I was like, "Oh crap, I need to I need to get this in my um I need to get this in my name." Um so it's it's all fixed now. But uh but yeah, so that's very important. Just I'm basically going in operator mode. Um and there are a lot of things uh that I need to make sure that I do to make things uh to make things work. But I mean in terms of uh the overall um takeaways uh one and the capital raise like it's it's difficult but it's not it's you just got to do the work. I mean you you know nurture your network, nurture uh you know don't be afraid to to ask the question. Uh I think for me that was that was really difficult at first. It was like um I would give the presentation and then I would just kind of pause. But the real momentum happened when it was like okay you've heard what you've heard, you've seen what you've seen. Am I putting you down for 50 or 100 or what? What are we doing? You know, &gt;&gt; yeah, it's okay to ask. It's ask for the order once once again once they've expressed interest. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, you can do the whole game you did, which is, hey, who do you know that has some interest? Blah, blah, blah. Right. And then &gt;&gt; they expressed the interest and now you're actually having, &gt;&gt; you call it a sales call, whatever you want to call it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you're showing them the numbers and you're getting through it. And then, yeah, you do have to ask for the order. You're saying, "Hey, so is this something you're ready to go on?" And then you're either going to get I need to think about it or you're going to get Yeah, man. This thing looks great. Absolutely. What's the next steps? &gt;&gt; One of the two things is going to happen. Either I need to think about it. Perfect. what specifically do you need to think about? And then you could isolate that as to usually it's timing uh the money or hey is there enough trust here that you feel comfortable &gt;&gt; with me in the deal &gt;&gt; and and just put the elephant on, you know, the table or elephant in the room because it's one of those three, &gt;&gt; right? It's either going to [clears throat] be, hey, the timing is just not right. I don't have the capital ready yet. &gt;&gt; Okay? or um I have the capital and I just need to feel comfortable with you or hey I just don't like the deal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I mean it's it's one of those three. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And just so I usually put that on the table. If they say hey I need to think about it. Say hey by the way I know you need to think about it. Totally fine. Usually it's one of these three. Which one are you kind of leaning on? A B or C? and let them kind of say, "Oh, you know, it's, you know, it's around kind of the timing and the money or um I just need to get more comfortable with you and learn a bit a little bit more about you." Okay. What can I send you? Website information, background, stuff like that to get comfortable and then um you know, I could follow up with you in 48 hours and maybe you can have an answer then. &gt;&gt; So, and then it kind of becomes &gt;&gt; in terms of so for me the the the the biggest area of growth for me was in the capital raise like I I'm a diplomat. I do relations and c you know dealing with people and building teams like that's kind of my bread and butter. I had never done it before but I mean like once I knew you know who I needed to speak to I need to make sure I have a property manager. I need to have an insurer insurance broker all this stuff like all that was very easy but um the the capital raise was uh was the area I think was was was the biggest um place of growth for me uh in terms of like asking the question and then also like it really has nothing to do with me. I mean like if like I heard that before in sales, but like it was really it was a very big lesson and reminder like it has nothing to do with me. Like the the deal will sell itself or it won't. Um but it's either like you said it's one of those three things. People love the deal but they didn't have the money, they don't have the capital or it's like oh well the deal's too small or oh well you know this is a C classet. I I prefer B and A classes. You know what I So, it's it just having that reminder and moving forward, you know, as I continue to um you know, to grow in the capital raising space like that that was a really powerful a powerful lesson. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Good. Good. Yeah. Because that is the biggest hurdles, right? The two biggest roadblocks we all have in this space is access to good deal flow, right? &gt;&gt; And access to capital. &gt;&gt; I mean, those are the two biggest roadblocks that anyone typically has in the space. So, it's not uncommon. It's just making sure you have all the proper systems in place, which you do, and procedures and all of that. So, that way it's giving you the best chance with our network, your network, everybody's networks to raise some capital and put it together. So, &gt;&gt; yeah. And then the last thing I would say is if there's anything that you can do that doesn't require your lawyers, do it because &gt;&gt; Yeah. it like I've I'm sure I've spent thousands of dollars uh in or or at least a couple thousand dollars on having my lawyer engage in an email or a phone call when I could have just called the broker or I could have called the I mean I could have called the seller directly and actually actually I I have to admit uh I'm working with with Todd um who's uh who you recommend one of his uh people from his team actually called me and said that was like Julian if you feel comfortable just do this like call the lawyer call the seller and and ask about this because if if I do it, it's going to cause X, Y, and Z. But like seriously, there's so many things that lawyers can make things much more complicated than it needs to be. Um it's like I'm so happy that I had them on my team, but goodness gracious, there were times where it's like, man, &gt;&gt; just can we get this going? Like &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, yeah, it's like it's it's one of these things like everybody it's like you hate an attorney, but you need an attorney, but you love an attorney when you need an attorney. [laughter] So, uh, I get it. I get it. Yeah. Um, Julian says 6.6. Perfect. Awesome. Thanks for coming up, Julian. Appreciate you sharing that. Hope everybody kind of gets a lot out of that as you're kind of going through the stages and stuff, too. Um, and that's why you have us too, cuz we were relaying and going back and forth throughout the entire process. And he was coming on to all the Saturday morning calls when he was in contract. And we're walking through all the different stages of the deal, uh, and things he's going with from the due diligence, the financials, the closing, the capital, the loans, all that stuff in that closing process, which is, you know, can be chaotic and it can seem, you know, overwhelming. Um, I get it. Especially on your first one, especially when everything's new, right? you haven't dealt with it before. So, everything's new and everything's, you know, a little scary, right? But that's why you have it. &gt;&gt; So, cool. &gt;&gt; Thanks, man. Awesome. So, I'm going to uh bring up Jason real quick. I'm going to spend just a couple minutes looking at this deal that we were looking at with him, and then we're going to call some brokers to finish it off here. So, I will share my screen. So, this one's in Cincinnati, Ohio. Um, and this is with Jason Manning in the community. So, if you want to connect with them on it or anything else, um, they have it priced at 2.6. I'm going to go ahead and zoom up on the numbers here so you can see him a little bit better. Maybe get to 150 on it so you can see that. There we go. Okay. So 2.1 on the price uh is what you know we figured out probably worth maybe 22 but right in there. Asking 26 30% down 31 units. It's in pretty good condition so not a huge rena budget on it. Uh let me click one of the chats. You guys said something in here. Um yep. Yeah. So you can connect with Julian in the chat and stuff for the community. Um but yeah, looking in on this one. 1930 building. So old, but it's Cincinnati, so not uncommon. Uh, good size lot size. He's got a loan going in the door at 6 12%. Here's his unit mix and all that stuff set up in here. Current monthly rents they're getting on it. I believe these uh Jason, educate me, are they vacant, right? I think that's what it is. So, I need to probably update that. And then I'm going to bring you up real quick so we can talk through this. It's going to send you a message right now, Jason. &gt;&gt; Yeah, those last two are on uh those are vacant. &gt;&gt; Okay. What would they go for? 814 &gt;&gt; roughly in there. Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, we want to, as you know, when we do this, if there we're going to account for your vacancy down here, right, in in the vacancy and credit loss, but when we put everything up here like this, we want to assume that it's fully occupied when we put in the numbers up there. Then, we're going to deduct from what's called gross potential rent because that's gross income right here. If you look at this number right here, all that's doing is it's taking that 32,933, which is the total, it's total potential income. Potential income, right? And then what we're going to do is we're going to then deduct some vacancy out of that. So, is there only two vacancies on the property? &gt;&gt; Currently, yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, I still need to get the I still need to get the updated um rent rolls and everything, but that's what that's what they put out there on the for the offmarket Yeah. So then right now I mean just we'll average it out but like if they're at 29 divided by 31 so they're at 90 call it 93% occupied. So 7% vacancy with two vacants right? 7%. We oftent three let's you say you went to three vacancies that's 28 divided by 31 that's now 90%. You're 10% vacant with three vacants. You see how that works? So that's why I have 12% in here because I'm accounting for that 10% three vacants on average, right? On average and then some bad debt, lost to lease, concessions, little bit here and there, a couple points. So that's why we're at 12. Okay? Because that's that's the reality. And if and I don't care what the brokers say. I mean, if the brokers say, "Well, it just doesn't operate like that." I say, "Well, let me look at all the historical occupancy on the property because that doesn't make any sense." I said, "You and I both know you're in the broker business. You've seen enough deals that if I have two vacants now, I'm I'm 7%." Right? And then I'm going to have to account for not everybody's going to pay their rent, Mr. Broker, right? I'm probably going to have to have evictions a couple a year or whatever it is. And then um I'm not going to necessarily be getting the peak peak market rents, maybe a little bit off of that. So, I have to account for that a little bit. But either way, in the Midwest, you're going to operate at least 10% economic loss. I mean, when you really get down to it, right, and they try and squeeze that number, right, to make their financials look better, but that's that's the truth number is going to be somewhere in there. So, that's how we're underwriting it. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; It does. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. And then you have some other income you put in here. That's all great. Um, but yeah, with all of this, the way it's set up, 50 50 uh 51% expenses. So, when I came over here, and this is why this deal looked too good to be true, because they were running at like a 29% expense ratio. So, what I went ahead and did simply for you and I sent you that video is rather than go in here and get all the line items perfect, I just said, "Hey, I'm going to go ahead and just put in a number here as a lump sum placeholder because I'm going to back into an expense ratio that I know this type of building with this age in this area should operate at. You should be probably right around 50% 51% expense ratio." And you can see the data right there. you know, 1980 or older, 40 to 50%. 1980 to 2010, 35 to 45. So, it's giving you some guidance of where those buildings should operate. So, that's why I just backed into a lump sum number, okay? &gt;&gt; Just to make it easier. And then you can go fine-tune all these yellow ones, &gt;&gt; right? Because you you'll want to double check your taxes, your insurance, make sure all these are accurate. Hence the reason, I mean, that seemed really low. So, that's why I said, "Hey, you may want to go to an insurance quote from one of our uh vendors in the system." And just say, "Hey, I'm going to send you over this property. I'm looking to put it under contract. Can you we figure out a general insurance quote?" That'll be good for you to know regardless for the Ohio market. &gt;&gt; Okay? Because insurance carriers in general, they ensure on average price per unit on vintage and stuff like that for a market, meaning Ohio, Texas, Florida, right? Different markets have different insurance rates. Ohio is going to have its own insurance rate based on the vintage of your property, okay? And in condition and stuff like that. So that way you can just get a general quote because they may come in and say, "Hey, no, it's going to be about $400 per unit, you know, on average for the Ohio market for your type of property." And that way you'll know moving forward. Oh, nope. That needs to be, you know, $14,000, right? Or something like that. $12,000, right? That starts to change the game. But at least you know, right? At least you know. And then that's your worst case scenario. Best case is you get a master insurance policy or your property manager helps you out with something to get that insurance down. But that's the the correct way, right? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And then verifying the property taxes and all that. But yeah, I just backed into an insurance ratio or I'm sorry, an expense ratio that makes sense. So that allows the deal to still work. I mean, you have good debt coverage ratio. Your returns are, you know, decent and healthy. you're at, you know, 7 8% which is fine for that market cuz you're probably at a a 6 1/2 7 and 1 half cap rate, you know, for that market. So, you're you're right in line. Equity multiple is good. Your IRRa is pretty healthy. Um, and then your exit, let me come in here. Your exit, yeah, 6% on your exit cap rate, so that's fine. Selling in year six. And then we did say we're going to do a refinance on this deal, which is fine. Um, and then we're going to get you two years of interest only. So when you go do the refinance, you're going to get two years of interest only, which is not uncommon. That's that's pretty common that you can get some IO period, a year or two of interest only when you do your refinance. Okay? And that just helps helps helps juice these returns right here because let's watch this. If I don't have interest only, pay attention to this number right here on your cash on cash. So, if I come up here and I change this on the refi to no IO, I'm going to change it from year one to zero. Watch what happens. So, now we're going to drop over a point on your cash on cash, right? Because you're not getting intereston period. So, that's why it's nice to have that. It helps with the returns, helps with everything. So, if you get two years of it, that's nice. And you should probably be able to pull that off when you refi. It's it's an assumption. You don't know about it yet until you get there, but that's a decent assumption. Okay. Um, the performance set up okay here. I'll zoom up on that. So, that all looks good. You got your normal increases. Nothing crazy there. This is fine. You'll operate the property better. All that's fine. And then your waterfall over here. See, we have this set up at 6% preferred return, which is pretty fair right now with the interest rates. the with the interest rates the way they are, you have to go in conservative because it's not likely you're going to produce an 8% cash on cash return to be able to pay that preferred return to the investors and actually pay it, which means you're going to be forced to acrue it. So, what I'm trying to do is say, hey, 6% preferred return so I can make sure we can probably pay that and we won't get into any issues and then we'll do a 7525 split. Okay? And that allows your investors to get a pretty healthy return. 20% a year on their money. 2.4 and change on the equity multiple and cash on cash is pretty healthy. So, and that and this and the reason this is pumping up pretty heavy right here is because of the refi that's going to happen right here in year three. So, they're going to pull out and they're going to get $415,000 of their original 675 back. That's pretty nice. And that's going to happen in year three. So if you're returning 415,000 of 675 to the investors, they're going to be pretty stoked and that's going to allow that um this cash on cash to really jump because it's cash. I mean it's physical cash. Um any questions on that or &gt;&gt; are you there in year? Yeah, in year three. Okay. I was looking for the number. So in year three, I, you know, I could almost be about 100K short buying them out &gt;&gt; if I wanted &gt;&gt; if I wanted to. &gt;&gt; Well, remember it's not just about getting them their money back. You also need to hit a baseline of 15% cumulative IRRa. So, and you that's all negotiable, but that number is going to come right it doesn't really come until the end. It's this number right here. See where it shows LP cumulative IRRa? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And your baseline's 15 that you want to hit, right? That's the number you want to hit. You're not really hitting that until you get to the end. So, there's only a few scenarios where you would hit that. meaning here's the scenario it would work kind of like we did you hit the market just right where interest rates are really low and the value is really high. So that happened to us in uh 20 2021. Yeah, 2021 where we were able to go in get a great interest rate. Our value went from 15 to 36 because of the Renault. We had tons of cash to pay us back plus profits on top of that. So, we were able to give all the money back plus a bunch of money on top of that to make that irr healthy enough, right, to where we could take out our investors. But that that happens in windows of time. And you typically have to wait for that in the market. And on average, every 5 to seven years, the market will get healthy enough to allow that to happen. And we're going to come back to that. It's probably, you know, like a 2028, 2029, 2030 type time frame for the next ability, right? If you're buying stuff today here in 2026, by the time you hit that 2029, you're going to be in a market where you'll be able to get that surge in value, interest rates, you know, squeezed, cap rates squeezed, and allow you to pull a bunch of cash out at a lower interest rate, pay off investors, and then that way you can ride into the sunset. Yeah. And then that's that's the holy grail. But it doesn't happen every year. Typically, you have pockets and windows. Every five to seven years, the market will get healthy enough to allow that to happen. Otherwise, you do a refi, give some money back. That's great, too. But you're still going to have your investors in the deal. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh it is taxree. That is correct. Every debt is taxree. anytime you're doing any refinancing, taking out loans to pay anybody back, doing any of that debt stuff, it's all taxfree money, right? It's all taxree. But that's the greatest part about it, right? Is that so overall pretty healthy deal. So anywhere in that 21 to 22 seems like a pretty healthy deal if all those numbers, you know, play in there. And you know, I'd definitely be going in there writing an LOI on it for sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was going to be my next question. And I was already started on it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [clears throat] Yeah. I mean, I'd be I'd be I'd be sending it out regardless. Like, I just I'd fire out LOIs, but I fire them out based on what I think the value is. And then I I It's like throwing at the wall and seeing what sticks, right? I mean, that's why, you know, you kind of need to have, you know, a bunch of stuff out, you know, 10 15 LOIs out and you're going to get one to land, right? But if you're if you're too careful and too selective, then you won't get enough, you know, lines in the water, as they say, to get, you know, someone to bite. So that's why it's just important to just get them out and then have conversations with the brokers and see if something can come together. And that'll really be dictated on the seller's motivation. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I'll go ahead and get it um typed up, finish typing it up and get it out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Love it. Cool, man. Yeah. Thanks for sharing. All right, let's see if we can get one call in here to I got my thing teed up here before we finish up. Um, I was looking at a couple deals here. Let's go into What about Arkansas? A couple others. I was looking at Arkansas. Um, Moses Tucker Partners, 232 units. Woo! Party time. Um, I'm going to call this guy Zach. Hopefully the uh our phone thing works here. You'll have to let me know if you do not hear me here. Make sure I got share the screen and then we'll rock and roll. And then yeah, just let me know if you don't uh hear my phone. So, let's go. Let's do 479. I'll try not to read it out even though you can see it. [laughter] 153. &gt;&gt; If you record your name and reason for calling, I'll see if this person is available. &gt;&gt; Justin Brennan calling on the 48 units new vintage. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Justin Brennan. Please stay on the line. &gt;&gt; Can you guys hear me? Like hear [music] &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. This person is not available. &gt;&gt; Let's try his associate real quick. Hi, if you record your name and reason for calling, I'll see if this person is available. &gt;&gt; Justin Brennan calling on the uh RG um Riggeland Circle 48 units. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Justin Brennan. Please stay on the line. &gt;&gt; [music] [music] &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. This person is not available. If you would like to leave an additional message, let me &gt;&gt; get some better elevator music. Uh, let's look at this one here. That's another Is that another Moses Tucker? Let's call him Moses Tucker here. There's 18 units. Clint Bailey. He looks like a nice guy. partners. Someone will be with you shortly. &gt;&gt; Oh, I think Oh, that's I know who that's like the family office guys. They do a lot in that area, which is good, but I don't want to talk to their office right now. So, hold on. Uh KW NA N AI Steve Harvey. Let's call on this one real quick. See what happens here. Is this Stephen? &gt;&gt; No, sir. This is Will. I'm working for Stephen. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Perfect. Yeah, I was just calling on his listing there on Woodland Road. That's the the 48 units there. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes, sir. Yeah, that's actually with our associate broker. His name is Jerry Brewer. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; You'd like to speak to Jerry? He's here in the office today. &gt;&gt; That'd be great if he's available real quick. Just had a couple quick questions on it. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. All right. I'll put you right through. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; One second. [music] &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hi, Jerry. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hey, how are you doing? &gt;&gt; Hey, Jerry. My name's Justin. I'm with um Brennan Poly Capital. I was just actually calling on your guys's deal. You're listing there on Woodland Road, the 48 unit. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah. Okay, Justin. Yeah, it's a called Granada Apartments and it's I think it's listed at 2.1 million. They're pretty firm on the price. Okay. Um and uh we've had several offers uh at well we've had a couple LLIS at full price but they fell through. &gt;&gt; Got it. Why? Okay. Got it. Yeah. I was just I was going to ask because obviously it has been on a while. Is there anything in particular as to &gt;&gt; Yeah. Why it hasn't &gt;&gt; The reason it's been on Yeah. The reason is that he also owned I believe it was 16 h single family houses and uh 12 duplex units and he insisted on selling those first. And &gt;&gt; you know the people that were calling in on our ads were typically apartment buyers or single family buyers and they didn't want to buy both. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Which is normal. And uh so anyway, he he he he operated all his duplexes and houses out of the office there at the apartments. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So yeah, he I you know, of course, you always get your best interest when you first list something. Y &gt;&gt; and uh so you know, we had really great prospects that wanted to buy went elsewhere. One of them bought, you know, another property. And &gt;&gt; uh the other one, I can't remember what happened. Oh, he had a baby and backed out cuz his wife was worried about him, you know, borrowing money to buy it. But u anyway, that's pretty much the case. Now, one of the buildings, I don't think this is on any of the information, but one of the buildings, the building on the north side, the very northwest corner of that building is in the flood plane. So, you know, it's never flooded. This current owner has had it for 27 years. &gt;&gt; Okay. Because [clears throat] but if you're financing it, your insurance company may require you to carry flood insurance. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they will. &gt;&gt; And on that, you know, on that one building, I got I did get a quote uh for 25,000 a year for it, which seemed like a lot to me, but &gt;&gt; yeah, you just got to break that down. But yeah, that can be a hindrance and stuff for sure on the financials. Um Okay. Well, yeah, I'm going through your OM and stuff. I'll kind of plug it into my analyzer and kind of see where it pans out. And then can I call you back directly? Sure. And but there is one more excuse me, one more item that's unusual on that. Uh well, two really. First of all, we do have tax returns for 2023 that justify all the numbers that are in there. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; And u and I can get those for you to during the due diligence period uh for 24 and 25 if he's filed. Um the other thing is the uh all the u labor cost for maintenance on the uh duplexes and the houses were included uh in the maintenance uh costs on the granada and there was no way to separate them out. Anyway, I asked the maintenance man, I asked the owner to estimate what percentage of that labor cost &gt;&gt; um was for uh the apartments and &gt;&gt; one of them said 75% and the other one said 80%. So, &gt;&gt; okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What we would probably just use because we operate enough to know where say a 1967 property in this market should operate at. Yeah. Correct. From a total expense ratio. So, yeah, we'll just back into that. Yeah. One last question I have is just I mean, is this your only deal you guys have that you're working on? Is there anything behind the scenes maybe you guys are putting together right now? &gt;&gt; Uh, currently we don't have anything else. I do have another property that I that I'm working on and that they will probably let me sell, but not advertise. I haven't got absolute permission yet, but I'm working on. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, I'll shoot you a text when we get off here. I'd love to stay in contact. We're definitely looking in this market and we'd love to see if we can buy through you. Awesome, Justin. Well, I would really appreciate that and thank you so much for your interest. Have a great day and call me back if you need anything else. Okay, &gt;&gt; you bet. Thanks, Jerry. Appreciate your time. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you, Justin. Okay, byebye. &gt;&gt; Very nice guy. Um, so yeah, you kind of saw how that little call went. I didn't we didn't have enough time. I couldn't dive into too much, but um yeah, I mean, seems like an interesting property. Definitely worth underwriting. So, if any of you guys want to take a look at that, it's an interesting one. Um, and because he's owned it so long, I'd be curious if there's some creative financing options there, depending on his debt and where he's at and all of that. That'd be an interesting one there to take a peek at, uh, for this particular property there in Arkansas. So, um, I want to be respectful of everybody's time. We're a couple minutes over here. Any questions, let us know. But I'm glad we got to go through things with Julian on the closing so you can kind of see what stage, you know, 8, nine, and 10 may look like and then go over a deal to kind of showcase that and then talk to, uh, Jerry here on this broker deal in Arkansas. So, um, any last question before we finish up? Is everybody good to go? You're welcome. You're welcome. Awesome, everybody. Yeah, send everything into us and have a great rest of your Thursday. We'll chat soon.