What's up? What's up everybody? Come on in. Get everybody coming in here. Happy Thursday morning. See everybody starting to come on in. Beautiful. Hello. Hello. Adrian, good to see you. Some others coming in here. Beautiful. Good to see everybody. Good to see everybody. Awesome. Rory's in here. We got Tony Gupta. Awesome. Happy Thursday. How's everybody doing? Anything exciting? Any wins? Any losses? Um anything like that? Don't be shy. And then um also so today what we're going to be discussing is a few things. I'm going to pull up a deal and then also uh wanted to go through kind of the the financing and capital and structure uh you know of these deals. Um and also address some of the questions which we've done before. We'll do it again in the section where you're kind of getting to a point where the broker is asking for proof of funds. uh the things you provide them uh how you would respond to them on that uh and those types of questions. So that way you have kind of a game plan for that when you're talking with these brokers and you're getting to that stage where hey like a deal is actually real. We're going to be making it happen. How do we how do we do that? So and then I see Rose in here. Good to see you. So welcome on in. Happy Thursday. Um, quick little admin note. So, for next week, so I'm actually headed out of country tomorrow on a kids, you know, summer trip that we've had planned for about six months now. So, uh, I'll be out of town next week. So, we will not have these live calls next week. Uh, at least not that I'm aware of. It just depends on if I I'll have internet. We'll have all that stuff. The team's all here and all that. It's just whether or not the internet will be good enough uh to be able to do any calls and stuff in that. So, just be prepared for that. Just for next week only o only. Um so, yeah. So, let's uh let me pull up a deal that actually Angelica sent in yesterday and then we were looking at and the team was looking at with her uh goodsiz deal. She had filled out the information kind of wrong on the the deal analyzer. So, I just wanted to show you that. so you know kind of how to do it for yourself if there's any issues there. So, kind of looking at this thing real quick. So, this was a deal down in Miami, Florida, 24 unit. Good little property and I, you know, the team kind of highlighted some areas in the deal cuz she put in gross monthly rents fine, you know, but no square footages, no expenses. She said she didn't have a lot of that information, but I'm like, "You actually do." Because she had the rent roll and then she also had um uh we showed you unit mix and rent. So, she's like, "Well, did you want me to put in all 24 units?" And I said, "No." I said, "What are the unit types that are in the property?" And she says, "Well, there's, you know, one ones." I said, "Great." She got one ones. She said, "There's two bedroom, one baths." I said, "Okay, you got some two-bedroom, one baths, and then you have some two twos." I said, 'Great. I said, ' So, how many of the ones are there? She says, 'Well, there's six of those. I said, ' Perfect. So, there's six one ones. Whoops. Six 1's. And I said, how many of the two ones? She says, well, there's eight of those. I said, great. And I said, then the balance is 10 of the two twos to get to 24 units. And I said, you want that total down there. And then what are the rents? Like, generally speaking, she said, "What do you want each rent of each unit?" I said, "No, no, I know what the rent roll is showing you, but I said,"Generally speaking, on average, what are the one on one's going for?" And she's like, "Okay, we'll do $8 $890." I said, "Okay, great." And then the two ones. I said, "What are those going for?" She's like, "Uh, 1125 or whatever it was." You know, you get the point. Um, and then I think these are like $1850 or something like that. I don't even know the exact dollar figures, but it ended up being $36,000. So, we're off a little bit here. So, either way, but we've, you know, make these 1,500 or something. and then make these 2400. Get up there. Okay, so there we go. So I said total, so now you're getting your total gross here, but you haven't parsed out. And I said your onebedrooms are 600, these are 750, and these are 850 square footage wise. So now you have your square footages in there. And then she was asking the same thing that a lot of people do of, hey, I don't know what the future rents are. And I said, well, there's a couple ways you find out what future rents are or what you could be. I said one way is just looking boots on the ground what other complexes are doing around you that are nicer where you're trying to go. Or if the complex is already turnkey, the one you're buying is already done and you're not really doing a lot of renovations, but you're just improving rents to get them to market. Well, what are market rents? She says, "Okay, we're going to be doing some renovations. We're going to boost the rents. Here's market rents." So these things I said, I could probably get, you know, 1,100 for the ones. I said, "Great. That's where it's going to go. And then I can probably get $1,750 for the two ones. Okay, great. And then I can probably get 27.50 for the two twos. I said, "Beautiful." I said, "You're going to be taking your total gross potential rents from 36 grand a month up to 48,000 a month. That's a I mean, that's, you know, that's $12,000 a month in increased revenue." I said, "Watch what happens to your net operating income." And then we went through the expenses and all that stuff as well. So she would understand that and then we kind of threw that out there. So when you're kind of going through these things, depending on what data that you get from the brokers, whether it's just a rent roll and a T12, or you're getting a full rent roll, a T12, and an operating memorandum, which is like a nice little marketing piece that breaks all this stuff down for you. But if you're not getting that and you're just getting raw data, meaning rent, roll, and the T12, you can summarize that out like this and get a good idea of kind of what is the summary matrix for the unit types and the average rents they're getting. And then you can put all this information together. Does that make sense? Because I'm kind of showing you this. Chime in kind of in the chat so I understand that and then I can bring somebody up on that really wants to look at that. But that's important as you're kind of going through these deal analyzers, how to take the raw data that you're getting from the brokers and how do you plug them in there and then how to actually look at it. So, you know, even on the taxes, I said, well, your taxes, I mean, at the new purchase price are going to be a lot higher. So, then I said, what you should do, because what we've taught, right, in the past, you'd go to the county website and you would type in what the future rents may be. You go to the county websites for that and you'd have to parse that data out like individually. And I said, well, now it's much different. I said, now you can go to chat GPT, right, using the data and you do exactly this if you want to find out what future property taxes are. So you can come in and take the property address right in here to chat GPT say hey I am uh buying this property for 4,775,000. Here is the address. Please provide me uh um uh property taxes annually for this property and county. uh based on what assessed value uh may be because assessed value may be a little bit less than what you're buying it for typical. But I'm curious as to how this breaks it down. Let's see what chat GPT does. It's analyzing, analyzing, analyzing. It's going to go into the county websites. It's going to break this stuff down. You see that tax calculation based on that purchase price, tax rate averages for that county, right? It's doing all the math for you. It's crazy. In the past, you'd have to do this manually by going to the county website, getting the tax uh rate and assessed value and how they calculate everything, blah blah blah. So, they're saying 67,000 a year. Now, that's not necessarily what the assessed value is. So, let's just say countywide effect. Looking at this key considerations of new ownership, exemptions, homestead, blah, blah, blah. summary table. Okay. So, um presume my assessed value will be 90% of purchase price. Uh actually, you know what I'd probably want to ask them is how does um the county determine assessed value? see what it says because that's going to prompt me to the next question. Miami date county like the rest of Florida assessed value of the property is determined by the appraisers's office blah blah blah recent comparable sales and income approach replacement cost minus appreciation blah blah blah. This is the value used to calculate your taxes. Um because you're buying a property of 4.775 million expect the assessed value to reset close to that amount. So, it's telling me they base it kind of on purchase price or close to it. So, I'd say okay uh presume um it is 90% of uh purchase price calculate taxes. I mean, you see what it's I mean, you're just having a full-blown conversation with this thing and it's going to do it all for you. So, now we're going to say 90% 4.2. two, it's going to drop the tax rate down to 60K. So, with that in mind, now I take it and I plug it back into my numbers and I'm going to tr keep in mind, I'm going to trust but verify this. Meaning, I'm going to go to the broker and I'm going to say, hey, I'm presuming taxes on this new value is going to be right around 60K a year. What is your knowledge of how they assess the value of the taxes and stuff? I I went to the county websites and calculated it all out based on that price point. Is there any information you know otherwise? So that way I can make sure because that's a big jump difference. Big jump, right? And then insurance is probably going to be similar. Maintenance and repairs. Uh I told her cuz she had this way way low. I said it should be closer to that number and that's probably about right. Utilities should stay similar. General administrative, we'll keep that the same. Contract services, it's probably a lot higher than that. I mean, I can't imagine. They got to be at least I mean, I don't know. They got to be at least um 500 a month. Okay. Uh and then I would use Oh, I see Angelica. I see you there. We're going to bring you on here in a second. I'd probably put management fees up to 8%. So, let me bring you on because I just saw you come in. Beautiful. Let's chat it out. Hey. Hi, Justin. Sorry. I'm so sorry I'm late. How are you? I'm doing well. Thank you. So, you're watching this on the screen happened live. Yes, I am. Thank you. Yeah. I see see how we kind of and once again you'll have to go back through and update your spreadsheet stuff but I kind of went through it with folks uh of you know what the team responded to you back on on analyzing your deal and then yeah are you aware of the taxes and anything in that effect? I'm not. All I am aware of is what she sent me in the um I think she sent a profit financials. Yeah. Yeah. So the taxes and insurance are always the big item. Mhm. So usually the way we handle this is this. No different than I just did with chat GPT. Did you just show up for that or after? I I just connected. I didn't see the chat GBT, but I mean I can I can pretty much Yeah. So, just what I did is I said, "Hey, you know, in the past, you'd have to go to the county's website and then kind of put together the data on what the future taxes are going to be on this property since you're going to be buying it at this purchase price." Right. Right. Which is much different than the assessed value that they're probably at today, which is much lower. Right. So, I said, "Okay, Chad GBT, here's the property address. I'm buying the property of 4.775 million bucks." Mhm. Can you go ahead and analyze it and show me what the property taxes, projected property taxes may be based on how the county does their property tax calculation and it spit it all out for me. So, it'll do it for you and anybody here. You just go, you type in the property address. It's going to know which county it's in. This is what Chad GPT does or any AI and it's going to analyze it and pop out the numbers. And then I said, well, my assessed value may be a little bit less than the purchase price. Sometimes usually it's off a little bit. So I said take 90% of the purchase price and that's my assessed value and it did that. So that's where I got to the 60K. Okay. Yeah. No. So now it makes less sense. Well, yeah. So when once again it's it's you're going to want to verify that. So this is the information you take back to the broker and you say, "Hey, I've run my numbers. I know you guys have insurance costs of 51 grand. Do you know who the in insurance provider is? That way maybe I can reach out to them to get a quote to see would it be the same or different? Right. Same or different because I'm going to presume it's going to be similar. So I just went ahead and put that number in. Mhm. Remember how we updated the maintenance and repairs? Yes, I saw that one. Right. So we we updated that to be more in line with probably reality and then kept the utilities the same, general administrative the same. I did bump up the contract services. I'd want to know I'd ask the broker, hey, do they have landscape? Do they have what other things are on recurring contract there? Because $960 a year seems really low. Yep. So, I just want to verify that number. Your trash and stuff. Fine. I went ahead and put, you know, 7 8% in there would be fine because that's going to also account for any leasing fees like commissions for leasing. Okay. But if you're going to be handling that, it's all up to you, right? You could probably go as low as 5% to 8%. It's going to be somewhere in there. Okay. The number I'm really looking for based upon the age of the property being 1958 and being in Florida, you're going to be at least in that on a on a um your uh expense ratio. So that's what the that's what this number is down here when it says percentage of EGI that means percentage of um effective gross income in terms of the expenses. the expenses are 48 to 45% of my EGI and that's that's probably in line um for a property like this. Um but your insurance and your taxes definitely your insurance is going to be higher than most because you're in Florida, right? Um but yeah, you just want to verify this stuff. And then I would come down here, you know, we put in these notes here for 8 to 15%. So I'd want to really just look at that number and play around with it. But point being is you're seeing okay so based on these numbers so let's just kind of look at this for a minute. So based on these numbers your cash on cash projected is 6.44. Your IRRa is 18.89. Equity multiple is that. Now that's based on being able to push these rents up. Right. Okay. So I don't know if the rents are as high as they can be right now or if you can move those up or if the rents are even accurate. But that's why I wanted to ask you on average what are the one on one's renting for? Um, here in Miami I'd probably say like seven um in Miami one's probably 1500. Okay. And how many of those are in that building? That is a good question. That's what that's the number you're going to put here for your units. Uhhuh. Yeah. And then your twobedroom, same thing. You know, if there's a 22 in there, the the unit count, a quantity count, and then what the average rent, you know, is based on the rent roll. Yeah. What you'll do is you'll go through the rent roll. And say, okay, on average, I'm seeing the ones right around here. And on average, I'm seeing maybe the twos or the two ones or two twos, depending on your unit type around here. And then that's what's going to plug in here. Yes. the rent rolls. Sorry. Here, let me open it up really quickly. I do have the rent rolls right here in front of me. Uh, Brian Los, here are the rent rolls. It's just they're all over the place. So it's like I have two twos that are at uh 15 uh okay so one one's at 1500500650 uh there's 1850 1880 See so like they're pretty all they're pretty all over the place. So yeah you're just getting a general average right? So like if you were to take those three and just add them up, divide by three just to get a general average that's the number we would plug in here. That's what you put. Okay. Got it. Okay. Right. Same thing for your other unit. Are there is it one ones and two twos or one ones and two ones? Twos. There's one ones and two ones. Okay. So no two twos. Nope. Okay. So then you would adjust that. And then how many one ones? There are 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15. Okay. So then you're going to have nine of those guys to get to your 24 units. Mhm. Okay. Take that out. Take that out. Square footages. Do you have general idea of your one ones on the square feet? Nope. Doesn't say. Doesn't say square footage in there. Okay, you want to get that. You want to get that data. And then how much are the two ones going for on average. Two ones. Let's see here. I have two ones at uh 2100. I have another one at 1750. I have another one at 2300. 2300. And uh Yep. 2300 and then there's there's one efficiency. There's two efficiencies. Yeah. So, generally speaking, uh the ones at 2,300, is that the market? Do you think that's as high as they can go right now? Are you planning to improve the property and raise the rents? Um I think that we can improve a little bit the property and raise the rents a bit. Okay. Probably to at least 2500 for two ones. Okay. especially that close to Bickl and and downtown. And then, you know, on average for the 11 ones, would you say current rents average is maybe 1,500? Uh, for the 11 ones, I'd probably say more close to$,750 or 18 for for the current rents on Oh, for for the current rents? Yeah. Okay. And where do you think you could move those to for the one ones? Yeah. On average, um 191 1950. Okay. So, you're bumping them 200 bucks and then, you know, 21 to, you know, 21 to 25. Okay. So, I'll make this 2200 and then 25 is a bump. Okay. So, if these numbers all hold accurately and then you get these numbers in here, um, man, is that really that 188 total? Okay. Yeah, I'm just looking at these numbers here. Is there any other income on the property such as utility? Are they doing ret utility billbacks or anything like that? I think they're doing billbacks for the not for the water but for the um electricity. Okay. Yeah, you would definitely want to. And you know, if the market allows it, you see this utility bill up here of 37,000. Yeah. If you could capture like 65% of that back annually. Mhm. Right. That would be killer, right? So, for the future, I would take that number and see if you can get an extra 24K reimbured back to you on utilities. a 65% bill back. That would be more than reasonable in the marketplace. Yeah. Um yeah, what I do want to look at and I would probably run this a little bit higher like I mean I'd have to look at your market 8% but you know is it fully occupied right now? Yes. Like 100% occupied. Well, she said that they're on boarding one there was one vacancy but that they're onboarding. So that would make it fully occupied and that there is one um efficiency that they turned it into like a laundry uh laundry space get additional income from that and it also has like the cameras but it can easily be converted back into an efficiency to rent out. So but other than that it's it's fully occupied. Okay. Um, I'm just looking at the data here real quick. Why is that? Oh, that's why it's doing it. I'm like, what? Doesn't make any sense. Okay. Yeah. You see how that number wasn't adding up? I was looking at these numbers going there. How is your expense ratio 76%. Because the the total here, right, didn't have the formula in it. Okay. I don't know. Uh maybe it got deleted when you were playing with it or whatever, but you know, try to any anything in blue you can adjust. Anything not in blue, try not to touch. Anyhow, uh so now it shows up pretty good. Um you know, and this thing works, right? It thing works. Even even at these new numbers up here, you're at a 41% and here's your metrics that are pumping out here. So, what I would really want to look at is um I think you're probably going to be a little bit more on your interest rate. Yeah, that's fine. All that's good. Your numbers look good there. 35% down. You could probably get away with 30. Um but you you just back into it. Um yeah, you're getting good rents. I mean, the rents are allowing this thing to pump. So that that's why it works because you're getting good rents on your um on your stuff there and then even with these expenses in there. So yeah, I mean that's not terribly off. You just want to really dive into the numbers and make sense. But I mean from a price point, you know, you're buying it at a 6.71 cap, that's great. You know, you're going to move it up to, you know, a seven seven and a half cap and then you'll sell back down at probably a six cap when you sell it. realistically. So, if I come over here to like the irr tab over here, see, you probably want to adjust this down. You probably want to make this See how it says 5% there? I don't know if you can see that. Yep. Mhm. But let's adjust that to 6% just to be realistic on an exit cap when you sell it. Okay? Because you're buying it here at a 6.71 cap. So, just to give everybody perspective of what you're doing here and why cap rates are important. So cap, just so you know what a cap rate is. A cap rate, all it's saying is, hey, if you don't have any debt on the property, you don't take out a loan on it, this is what your cash on cash return annually is going to be, right? If I have no debt and I'm just getting all the revenue from the property after all the expenses. So, that's what it's what it's telling me is this uh this net operating income number right here, that 320,000 or this 350,000. If I don't have a mortgage payment, right, which in this case you do of 250 grand a year, right? You're producing 320 to 350,000 and you have a $246,000 loan payment. But if I don't have any loan on it, what that's telling me is that I'm going to get $320,000 in cash and I don't have a loan payment anymore. So now that's actual cash. That's what it's telling me. And then what it's saying is, okay, because watch the math. If I take that and I divide it by the amount of money that I have in 1.769, that's the amount of money you're going to have in the deal, right? A,769. Yep. So that's showing you almost like an 18% cash on cash, right? And that's not your cap rate, but that's your cash on cash. Now, the cap rate is typically when you take the uh this amount here divided by your purchase price. You take the 320, that's the cash, divided by your purchase price, and there's your 6.71. Mhm. That's awesome. That's good. That's good because if you're in because think about the how the math's going to line up here. If you're paying 6 and a quarter on your loan, but you're making 6.71 in terms of cash, you clearly can cover your loan payment. Make sense? Yeah. because 6.71 is greater than 6.25, right? Which tells me that we're making more money than we're spending. That's what it's telling me. And so, just so you kind of we dig into the weeds a little bit as to how kind of all this math connects. But it's going to be nice when you start to play with these analyzers a little bit more. You'll start to see how, hey, if I maneuver this number and change this one, how it changes all this, right? That's the whole point of it is to kind of start to see how everything kind of interacts and how it all connects together. And that's just a process of doing these enough to where you realize what's happening financially. Okay. But yeah, overall good job. It's a I mean cool properties in a decent neighborhood. Um well, it's close to downtown. It's close as close to Bickl. It's pretty much as as decent as you can get for like middle to, you know, kind of low-income families, I guess. Right. Meaning, are there a bunch of bars on the windows in the neighborhood? Um, like if you were to drive down the street and streets around it? Yeah. Are there more are there more bars than not bars on windows? No, there's there's And it's getting a lot better actually. that that city is actually getting a lot we we do flips in the in that same city. So, we know how it works. There are some streets that are like a little bit more, you know, iffy, but it's it's getting a lot better nowadays because there's a lot of investors going in and fixing up a lot of stuff. Beautiful. Yeah. So, you're in what's called path of progress. That's what you want. Path of progress where you see it improving. You kind of know it's improving because you're starting to see things improve. A little better pride of ownership. Um, yeah. The only reason I was asking that, as long as you don't need a gun to go collect rent, you're good to go. All right, that's what you're looking for. And uh if you were to drive by the property at night, is the property lit up or not? Um that is a good question, but no, I don't know. I'm not sure. Okay. And also anybody else on this call right now, if you guys want to team up, and I don't know if you know, Angelica, you're looking for teammates, but this would be a great chance. And I mean, it looks like it's a it's a good opportunity. Do you know if you can pick it up at 4775 or does it need to be more or less? Do you know? Well, I was t like I I I sent you on an email. I talked to the lady and the broker for the transaction is actually the daughter of the owners. And so she to me that the that her parents they're getting too old to be able to manage the property but they've had it for so long and that um they manage it themselves and you know blah blah blah but that they're willing they're flexible on the terms like they're willing to reduce the the purchase price somewhat but the dad is like very strict on the price and you know kind of she gave me that spiel. Um beautiful. So what you could do this is a way to play it in your behalf. Mhm. is um I try and find Do they have any debt on the property now? Any loan on the property now? I don't think so, but I'm not sure. Okay. If they don't, awesome. So, what you do is if they have no debt, this thing's free and clear. Mhm. They're going to have a massive tax event. Okay. Massive tax event. So, I would be asking the daughter who's the broker. I'd say, "Listen, I can give you your price, but it may be beneficial and try and dig into it a little bit by by chance." Like, do they have a loan on it? No. Okay. So, if they sell this thing, they're going to have like millions of dollars in tax, like a taxable event, like a massive tax event. Mhm. Um, so that's probably not a smart play for them. Mhm. Especially, it's probably not a smart play for them to sell it right now, this time of the year, right? Because now we're here at the end of June going into July. They sell it right now because you you'd be 60 days out anyways. You'd be into the fall almost by the time you're clo right around the beginning end of summer, beginning of fall before you're closing escrow on it. Okay? So for them, they're going to run out of time to avoid taxes because the correct way, this is why we and I and I coach this, but I say the correct way to sell at any point in time if you're going to sell one of your buildings or your deals, you always sell it in the first quarter of the year. Okay? You always sell it in the first quarter of the year. The reason why you do that is so that way you have an entire nine months to go find another deal to put that taxable gain into. Mhm. So there therefore now you're going to do bonus depreciation again. You're going to do all these benefits to offset the gain that you're just about to have on that big sale. Same thing in their case. So the smart play for them would be to do seller financing. Meaning, if they don't need all the money right now, because this is how you play the game with them. Hey, saying, "Hey, what's most important to you? Getting all the money out right now?" Like, "Do you need all the money right now?" Or is it, "Hey, we can avoid taxes because if you sell it right now, you're going to get hammered in taxes because then you're going to have to do your they're going to do their tax returns for 2025 like in a few months after they sell the property and they're going to have a big event. So, they might as well buy time. Their smart play would be to say, "Hey, how much money do you need right now?" Okay, so you need 300 grand, right? Think about this for a minute because this is how you you play the game. You go to them, you say, "How much money do you do do your parents need right now that would hold them off or make them feel good for the next six months?" And she's like, "Well, if they got, you know, you know, 300 grand or 400 grand or whatever it be, that' probably be enough." Okay, great. So then we're going to go ahead and back into that number. And so what you would do, because this is how you do this, you'd say, "Great. If I give you guys $600,000 now, see how I just adjusted this? That means you're only coming in with 5% down. If I give you $600,000 now and then they become the bank, we're going to finance we're going to finance $4.5 million of the $4.7 purchase price. That's going to give them an income of $28,000 a month. So, I'm going to give you 600 grand and then I'm also going to give them $28,000 a month. Then they're going to avoid taxes and then we'll pay the balance in 36 months from now. Okay. You see where I'm going with it? Mhm. Yeah. Do you see how that benefits? Because now it benefits you. You're not having to come out of pocket with $1.8 million. Mhm. Right. They're going to get 600,000 cash. That's nice little lump sum. Now, that'll be tax. It's going to be taxable. But then they're also going to be getting they're going to delay they're going to delay the rest of it and get an income stream of $28,000 a month, right? And then they're going to be the lender on the property for you. Okay. And then we will give them four uh 4.5 in how long? in like let's say you the terms of this loan you can work it out three or five years right it' be somewhere in there that would be beneficial maybe you do a fiveyear loan right and they're getting $28,000 a month right I mean pretty good right and then they don't have to manage the property anymore because you see from you're you're fitting into the needs of what they need you heard the daughter say they don't want to manage it anymore but then I guarant I guarantee Another benefit to them is to have revenue, right? Yeah. They want an income. They don't want to manage it dayto day. They don't want to deal with that anymore, but they'd love an income. Great. And would they also like to avoid taxes? Like, would they like to avoid taxes? And then the daughter is going to say, "Well, yeah, nobody wants to pay, you know, because if they're getting all this money minus closing costs, they're going to pay like $2.5 million in taxes by the time they're done. Mhm. But if they delay it, they they can absolutely probably wipe all that out. And then on top of that, they're getting an income stream because now they're the lender on the property. They're getting six and a quarter% on their money and they're not having to do any of the work. So, it's a huge benefit to them. Yeah. If that fits their needs, they're going to get a lump sum amount of money now. They're going to we're going to give you 600 grand now at the close of escrow. And then we're going to be basically be giving you $28,000 a month because now you're the lender. You're the first trustee lender. You're financing the property for me. Mhm. And then they're going to get a beautiful income stream. We'll have a loan set up, loan documents. Everything's all legit. It's recorded on the property. They're basically becoming the lender. They get to avoid taxes. They don't have to manage the property anymore. And they get an income stream monthly right to their bank account. and they're fully protected as a first trusted lender on the property. Why would they not? Right? And if I can tell you right now, if I were in their position and those things were met, meaning I didn't want to manage it every day, so that was my big pain point, right? But I didn't want to pay taxes, but a pain point, but I wanted an income stream monthly. Awesome. Sign me up, Scotty. And I wanted protection. So now I'm going to be a first trusted lender on the property. So I So if you don't pay, Angelica, I get the property back, right? Sweet. Right. And I'm in a first trustee position. So that's that's a way for them to leverage their risk on the property and get all the benefits of it. Nice. You could you could even work it out more with them, right? If they say, "Hey, well, we you know, we don't want to wait five years to get paid off. We want uh you know, paid off sooner or something like say, okay, well, let's do a fiveyear loan. my loan, but I'll give you some lumpsum payments. Let's schedule those out. So that way I'll come in with the 600k, but then by the end of the first year, I'll give you another 600K, right? And then all that means is you're going to bring in more capital, more equity from partners, from investors, which is totally fine. But then you could also you get to a point I mean hypothetically you could get three years into this thing interest rates are dropped and you go refinance the property because picture it for a moment right you refinance the property and now your new interest rates 5% versus six and a quarter right you pay them off now you have a new loan on it and you're able to do a cash out refinance because now the value of the property just went up it's now 5 a.5 million not 4.75 five. Mhm. And you pay them off, no problem. Yeah. May not even have to come out of pocket any more money, you know. So, that's how you leverage the time value of money as well. So, there's different ways to work this, but I would be going to the broker saying, "Hey, do do your parents have a is there a loan on this property currently?" That's okay. There's no loan. Then I'd say, "Listen, let me ask you a question. What's most important to your parents? Is it not managing the property dayto-day and to get out of it? Is it getting an income stream that they have from the property but not having to manage it? Is it uh avoiding taxes? Like is that an important thing? Because if they sell this thing right now, they're going to have a huge tax bill. Huge tax bill. Why would they do that when we could probably wipe that tax out for them? They'll never pay it if you do it right. If you do it right, there's an absolute way to do that. That benefits them, benefits you, right? Right? Because you're not having to come out of pocket with a bunch of money. You're getting you're getting a property. You're getting time on top of that to go improve it, raise the rents. You're getting the time to take it from current to future. And you're leveraging their money to do it. And it's benefiting them to do it because they're avoiding taxes. They get an income, right? They don't have to manage it day-to-day. You're basically doing it all. And they get the best of both worlds. You get the best of both worlds. And rock and roll. I mean, okay, I'll um 24 units. I mean, we should actually collectively in this group go after this property. Seriously. Um, seriously. I mean, if if if the if if the numbers are working out like the way I'm seeing I see Rory in here. um this is something that I could go in and help negotiate with you, you know, all these other options in there um on it. And if we're only having to bring in 600 grand between all of us, you know, and you figure and it's your deal, so you decide how much you want people in or out or whatever it is you do, right? It's all yours. Um but that's an option for you. It's just a matter of negotiating the seller financing because my I' I'd want to ask them some questions at this point. You should ask them. I'd call her up today and ask her like the situation so that way you know, do they have a loan on it? What What is their goal? Right? Is it to just if her goal is like, "Well, they don't want to." She kind of led you to it. She said, "Hey, I don't really want to deal with the management. They don't want to deal with it anymore. They've owned it for a long time. Blah blah blah blah." Awesome. So, they don't want to deal with the day-to-day. Okay, perfect. Uh, do they want an income stream? Like, would it be cool if they were making if they didn't own it and they didn't deal with it every day, but they were making $30,000 a month off it? Would that be beneficial? Well, yeah. Yeah. How you going to do that, right? She's not even thinking that route, right? You say, "Well, would it also be beneficial?" Because if you're selling this thing at 4.8 million bucks or 4.7 million bucks, your parents are going to have a massive tax event this year that they're going to have to pay in a few months from now. Well, yeah, I didn't think about that. I I totally get it. Would it be beneficial for them to wipe out their taxes for the rest of their life? Yeah, sounds like a good idea. Right. So, you're just throwing it out there and she's it starts the wheels going and you say, "Listen, here's a great option for you because it sounds like we could win-win here. If there's no loan on it, your parents can become my lender. We can go and give them a lump sum amount of money right now. We could also structure it to where they're making $28,000 a month in income from it. They're not having to do anything for that. And uh they'll avoid taxes because they're not taking that big hit and in gain right the second. We would delay that which would give them time and then we'd figure out the taxes for them. That's why you do that. Huh. That's interesting. Didn't think about that. Right. So you're just restructuring. This is the creative financing game. Mhm. But that I mean that's a no-brainer for both parties if if if it's setting up the way that I it may be setting up you're describing. Pretty cool deal. Okay. Yeah. We got everybody in the chats like I'm in. We'll all come in with 50k. Um, so yeah, get some answers on that today and then what I would do is, you know, reach back out to us or me, uh, you know, and kind of give some answers on it and then if you want some further guidance on that and then, yeah, once that's kind of set in play, I mean, getting people in terms of the community, investors, anybody involved to come in with that, you know, down payment equity amount, that would be easy breezy if these numbers make sense. Okay. Um, could you send me that the Excel that you're working on right now so I can dive further into like the profit and loss and the financials that she sent me just to make sure everything is, you know, matching what I I told you and what you're what you put in there and then I'll reach out to her, get back to you and we'll see. Okay, fair enough. Fair enough. Beautiful. Awesome. Thanks. Was that helpful for everybody? I mean, that was like live, you know, deal analyzation. So, um, yeah, I'm just looking at some of the comments in here. Yeah. Uh, is it Briquel? Is that the area? Bquel. Bickl is right the it's the skyline of Miami. Like, it's right next to downtown Miami. So, all of that is skyline. Uh, so, uh, Marriott asked, uh, it's not a stupid question, great question. So she said, "Hey, if the property is producing cash flow, you can call it profits. I call it cash flow of 100K per year after expenses and the loan amount, does the LP split that?" Uh, yes and no. Let me explain how that works. You understand what's called a waterfall? A waterfall. So what happens, uh, Marz? First, you go and you pay the preferred return to your investors. Typically, that's 6 to 8%. By the way, you're also paying yourself in that too because you're your own investor. Remember how we talked about the double dipping effect. So you're getting that 8% on your money as well. Once that's paid, right, that's kind of your preferred return. That's called like your baseline return annually. So once that's paid, then the splits happen. 7030, 6040, however you've divided that up on the remaining balance. So you're close, but almost there. Yeah. Um, cool. Yeah. So, very interesting deal, but that's how you kind of would look at these things creatively going through it. Um, but very interesting deal if that thing pencils out with those members and stuff and we'll send it over and have her, you know, chat with the brokers and see what's there. But yeah, if if that's a ripe opportunity for a seller financing like that because of the family, more mom and pop and they don't have any debt on it, they don't have any debt, holy moly. um they should become your bank. Like it's crazy for them not to literally cuz they're going to get hammered like completely hosed in taxes. Like $2 million in taxes. So it's either you got to like paint the picture. It's like you're either going to literally take a $2 million check and send it to the federal government and you know that's going into a black hole or you take that $2 million and you go invest it or put it into another asset that's going to make you and your family wealth. Option A, option B, which one sounds better, right? That's a kind of a rhetorical question because you know the answer. It's just a matter of how you do it and they need time in order to execute that plan. So that's why they don't want to sell it right now, specifically right now. But they could sell it if they become your lender. And then you could close escrow on it. You're bringing in, they're getting a $600,000 lump sum right now at the closing. They're going to make 27 to $28,000 a month in the income being a first trusted lender on it. And they're fully protected. They're leveraged on the property. So in the event you don't pay, bye-bye. You they get the property back and you're adios. I mean, I would pray every day you defaulted. So, and then way you go and then they sell it again. So, that'd be great. And then in addition to that, they avoid taxes, they get the cash flow, they get a lump sum. Now, you're meeting all their needs and they don't have to manage a dayto-day. Nice. Like, sign me. They're freaking up. Yeah. Um, so it's just a matter of pointing in on their needs. But if she answers you and she says, "Hey, they need all the money right now." I'd be like going, "So, they need all $4 million right now?" Like, really? because you know half of that's gone, right? Or at least at least two million of it's gone unless they have some other, you know, really sophisticated tax planning going on. So it's very interesting to understand their their need right there. Okay. But yeah, that's uh very very cool. Cool. Awesome. Well, appreciate you coming in. I know we're kind of we spent a good amount of time on that, but that this is super helpful because this is kind of in the financing capital side. And then in terms of breaking the deal down, just so everybody would know hypothetically, let me show you this just on a little whiteboard thing everybody can see. So let's say for a moment that uh you know we brought in in this case based on the math, let's say it was $600,000 was the equity that was brought in. and she'd have, you know, 60,000 coming from Angelica potentially. She's going to be the general partner on the deal running the show. And then you'd have uh 540,000 coming from all of us somehow, right? And that would probably come in forms of you'd probably looking at about 1, two, three, four, five, six, probably seven people. Seven people would bring that in in different stages. You'd have probably somebody at 25K, you know, another 50K, then all of a sudden you're going to get like a 150 player coming in. you watch, you'll actually get a 200 player coming in, right? And then you'll fill out the gap with like a 50, 75. It'll be all right in that range. And then the question is, okay, well, what do these people get? So the GP, you're going to get probably 30% of the deal, maybe 40%, but somewhere in the 30 to 40% range. And then the LP, that's the limited partners right here. They're going to get probably a 7%, we call that a pref, preferred return. This is what I was talking to Maria about a little bit, preferred return. And then they're going to get 70% of the deal. Okay. And here's the cool part, Angelica, is your 60K right here. That's actually that's actually invested right here. You're actually your own LP. So, you get to call what's called double dipping because you're you're your money like you're getting this 30% for being the GP, right? Consider that like a tip at a restaurant, right? You're you're the service provider. You came in, you gave great service, you produced a great results for the customers, right? They pay the bill, then they're going to give you a 25 30% tip. That's basically what's happening here. So, you get this for providing this service, which is an opportunity for all the investors to come in and earn great money on their money. You're providing an opportunity for them probably to produce 18% a year on their money. Wow. Okay. Okay. So you're providing this opportunity to investors to do this. So because you do a great job, that's why you get the 30%. Make sense? Okay. But then your 60k is actually invested right alongside us. So you're getting the 7% your port your portion of the 7%. And then you're getting your portion of the 70%. As well, you're double dipping, right? Uh the acquisition fee is separate, Adrian. So, uh, Angelica would get the acquisition fee because she's the general partner on the deal. Correct. Unless, right? Unless there's co-general partnerships, but that's for Angelica to decide. She's the one running the show. I mean, it's her it's her deal. Um, but she would get, you know, all the little fees and stuff, but she's doing all the work, too. And that's why you get that. It's not for free. You know, you're going to work your tail off, but that's also why you get paid very, very, very well for that. Um, but that's how it would break out. And then all of us investors, we don't do anything. We just basically give you a check. We trust that you know what you're doing. And then you're going to give us our cash flow paid out to us every quarter, which is going to be our um cash flow preferred returns and any distributions that come out. Uh, you'll get more than 7% Marriott. So you'll get the 7% that's a minimum. That's like a baseline. That's the minimum preferred return. It's called preferred return. minimum baseline return. In addition, you also get 70%. So, let's say for let's just run simple math on it for a minute. Let's say there was $10,000 coming out of this thing and this is free cash flow. Free cash flow, right? So, first it goes to pay the 7%. based on the money we have in. Okay. Based on the money we have in after that's paid and that's met, Maria, then it splits 30% 70%. Does that make sense? Try me in here if that makes sense because that's how that would split up. 10,000 comes out because I'm just throwing hypothetical numbers out for a minute. It first goes to pay the preferred return first. Once that's met, then the 3070 happens. That's the splits. That's the splits. And then all of us are right here, including Angelica. She's right here. She's also over here. She's the GP LP. Does that make sense, Angelica? Yeah. See how that kind of structures out a little bit? Or did I just confuse the hell out of you? No, it does. Could you explain just a little bit more the 7% for the preferred return? Uhhuh. Explain that. Yeah. So that so when you to kind of entice investors, right, to come into deals, you give what's called a preferred return. That's kind of like a minimum baseline return that they get. Okay. And then things split. Then things split. But you're part of the preferred return. You do know that, right? Because you're right here. Yeah. So you're you're getting this this whole flow right here. And then as a bonus, you get this whole flow here. So your money, your 60K that you're bringing in, it's also getting 7% on that plus it's getting its percentage of the 70. And then on top of that, you're getting all 30% over here. Yeah. So you're getting it three ways. Make sense? Yeah. Yeah. You get the best of both worlds. That's like you like But that's why you do this. Yeah. That's why because people ask, "Why wouldn't I just be a passive investor?" Well, you can, but you're going to get less return because you're not doing any work. You're just handing your money over to somebody. They're going to go invest it and run the show really, really well. And for that, you're going to get an projected return of 18% a year on your money, which is pretty freaking good for doing no work, right? Angelica is going to do all the work, which is why she her returns are probably going to be 30 40% a year. That's what your returns are going to be, right? Because you have limited capital in and you're getting exponentially a lot more than that for the work you're putting in to do it. But that's why you do it. I mean, you're not doing it to like make pennies, right? Doing it to do well for your family and what you're trying to do. And so, it has to has to be relevant to the work you put in, right? But that's why people do it. That's why I want to be GP as many times as I can. We we actually I mean we invest passively as well. We do that with students with people and everything else because that's how you scale your money as well. But then as a general partner because we can run things well. Why not? And then you get exponentially more uh return on your money. So, uh, great question came in. It's about to end the insurance provider. Um, oh yeah, I was just summarizing it. So, cool. Uh, the acquisition fee is based off of the sales price. Based off the sales price. There's another fee that can be earned through capital raising. Okay, you can earn capital raising fees additionally. is additionally. So, but that's how the deal is done. That's how you're going to analyze it. This how you're going to structure it. Um, so I hope this helps because this is I mean this is how financially and legally it would structure. Any questions on this, Angelica? We have like another minute left here. Nope. I'm good. Um, do you do you like what you see? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Because I mean if if you're only having to bring in 60K, you're controlling at least 30 maybe 40% of it. how it gets negotiated, right? And then your money is also earning money over here. You're getting to play both sides of the coin, right? Okay. And that's why you do it. That's why you're putting in the time, the effort, all the stuff you're doing right now is not because you want to go make pennies, right? You get a chance to make big big money. So, because let's say that this thing goes and sells a few years from now, you know, it's $6 million, okay? And then you pay off all the loans and all that stuff, but let's say you had, I don't know, a million and a half of profit, just hypothetically for a minute, right? You'd want to make sure this preferred is paid first, but then you're getting 30% of that million and a half and then you're also getting your pro rat a share of the 70% over here. So let's say your 60k over here had 5% of the 70%. Right? So now you're getting you're 30% here. I mean, I just want you to imagine this for a minute. So, you're you're out of pocket 60K, but you actually got an acquisition fee. And on this deal being a $4.75 million deal, you're going to be profitable. You're going to get a $95,000 acquisition fee, Angelica. Wow. And you only have 60K in it. You're actually positive 35 grand before you've even done anything. Crazy. So, sign me up. If you don't want to do it, I'll do it. You get the point, right? So, you have no money in the deal. You're actually positive in this in this particular case. This is actually a unique one. So, you want to look into the numbers, make sure it's all accurate. So, we're not looking at mumbo jumbo, but this is a great way to structure it. And then your returns are going to be astronomical because you're technically going to have no money out of pocket. Your 60k is earning money over here at 7% click plus you get the 70% here, plus you get the 30% here. But even on that million5 profit down the road, that's $450,000. Okay? Plus in addition to that, you would have gotten all the cash flows that you're getting, right? It would have been years of cash flow on top of that. And then you get all the fees on top of that. I mean, for 60K. H I mean you tell me where else you pull that one off, right? I don't know. Um yes, all the visuals should be on the playback, Adrian. It should all be recorded. Should be. Yeah, we'll double check. But that's kind of the benefits of why you do this, right? I mean, you're going to 50x your money. Wow. Okay. Right. So I I hope you know and I know I know you do, but I hope everybody sees like you know you should have like dollar signs going off in your eyeball sockets right now. Um because that's what can happen here in this in this case scenario, right? And it could work. So yeah, jump into the broker, talk to them today, get some more data, let us all know if it's a great opportunity. We could have other people in the community and raising that 600K if it works out that way could be quite easy. Very good. Very good. Don't forget to send me the Excel, Justin, please. We'll do. Okay. All right, everybody. Appreciate it. And then remember for next week, we don't have classes because I'm actually going to be out of country. I think you came in after that. Um, but I will have internet access and stuff. So, the team will all be here doing stuff. Um, but next week for a kids trip, for their summer trip, we're out. Nice. Have fun. Okay. Thank you all. Thank you everyone. Bye.