Hello. Hello. Everybody's coming on in. Happy Tuesday. Make sure we're starting this. See Christian coming in. Beautiful. So Joe, Allan, Kurt, good to see you, sir. So I guess your is your call set up for tomorrow, not today. Is that where the mistake was? Maybe. &gt;&gt; No, I read just rescheduled it and this time it I got the emails and sent you the call. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, that's really weird. Yeah, because every everything else was working. So I'm glad that got uh got fixed. So good. Um well, yeah, beautiful. We'll kind of get this going. And I kind of wanted to use this um really as a a Q&amp;A more today than kind of a teaching, right? We'll use Thursdays for more teaching stuff, but kind of walking through, you know, questions you're having if you're talking to brokers or them not getting to respond to you. Um, also around, um, this was a good topic that came up the other day on one of the calls was, you know, setting up a mock deal for yourself if you haven't done it yet. So, we'll get into that just a little bit and the importance of that. Uh, Matt, good to see you in here. See Rex in here as well. Um, beautiful. All the shiny faces. All the shiny faces. Did you guys see on a quick topic about the hockey? Did you guys see the story? Did you guys see the movie The Miracle, right? You guys know the movie The Miracle All about the 1980 win against the Russians, blah blah blah. Okay. Did you know that on that uh team and in the movie there was a Jack Hughes on that team that got cut from the US team and didn't make make it to the Olympics team? A Jack Hughes and then lo and behold 46 years later Jack Hughes shows up bust his teeth out and scores the winning goal against Canada. Have you guys seen this? It's like totally it's unbelievable story. So, I thought it was super interesting. It's like, wow. You know, talk about full circle, man. If God doesn't exist, I don't know what else does. I mean, holy cow. I mean, that is wild to me. That is wild. I mean, good to see you, sir. It's been a little while. How you doing? &gt;&gt; Yes. Sorry about that. I was at my mom's 60th birthday trip. So, we were in Europe this couple of weeks. So, &gt;&gt; for like a month. That's a heck of a birthday trip. I want that. &gt;&gt; And yesterday was actually my birthday, so I was in Mexico City, but now we're back. But yeah, so now we need to &gt;&gt; How old are you now? 29. &gt;&gt; Yep. 29. &gt;&gt; Oh jeez. I was kidding. I mean, I thought you're that young. I mean, we're making us all geysers around here, man. &gt;&gt; But yeah, happy to be back. So hopefully getting back on track. Yeah, if anybody wants to partner with him, he's uh down in Texas, but also Mexico City and has family in and around the business and they have a little portfolio and he's trying to level up to the next size. So, inside the chat, you know, reach out to him. So, &gt;&gt; thanks Justin. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. Yeah. So, um kind of some wins and losses. Let's talk about that real quick before we get going. We'd love to know a couple of those. Any wins for the last week um that you've been in the deals? I know offers, people are writing offers on deals. We're looking at them, negotiating them, all that stuff. So, I know a couple are getting pretty close. Um, but any wins on that front you want to talk about real quick? Don't be shy. Christian, how are you doing? We're loving the deals you're sending in. Keep doing it. &gt;&gt; I uh Justin, hi everybody. Um, thank you. Yeah, I'm I'm still wrapping my head around that deal and um your input and going through the module uh too was really helpful just to understand the mechanism and uh understanding how how to look at things and what I didn't realize and didn't do correctly was putting in the costs into the deal. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And basically the deal looked quite well from a current to a proforma perspective. But if you if you really put in the cost that they are saying that they're making it's awful. It's like the COC is negative, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; The the IRRa is also negative. So &gt;&gt; from that perspective, it's it's really badly managed. Now the price that they're asking and this was nice because &gt;&gt; um I was going through the module and &gt;&gt; or no one of the examples that you had I think it was the seven unit deal one of the one of the case studies like everything is okayish but the only or okay it's it's all not going well but the only thing that you can change is basically the price And I mean the costs are what they are, right? Um the income, okay, you can up a little bit the rents, but it doesn't like add up to a a a really &gt;&gt; to a good irr. Yeah. The return is not &gt;&gt; right. So correct. So you know, you have to put in the numbers that they're currently um saying that they are. You know, a lot of times people when they're managing properties, they don't when they get their financials from the property manager or they're doing them, they don't take out the improvement numbers or kind of one-time big cost stuff. So then it'll really jack around your operating expenses, mainly your repairs and maintenance line item. So, this is why when you get a property, you want to set up three checking accounts, right? All with the same bank. All with the same bank, but three checking accounts. You'll have the operating account, which handles the daily operations. You'll have a capex account, which handles all the renovations. And then you're going to have an entity account that handles the money in and out to investors. It's three checking accounts all with the same bank. So it's it's one account but three checking accounts underneath it. So that way you don't ever have to worry about comingling money and then having to do all this accounting BS that happens you know after the fact when the property management company is pulling money from one account and then they don't know how to categorize it correctly in the financials. So then you have to go back and you know unf something that got effed. So if that makes sense. So that's why the three accounts is cool because now you can pull it from the accounts and it doesn't coingle them. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So that's just a word to the wise. So anytime you're setting up and everybody that's setting up your accounts, that's what we teach you is to have three accounts under one um one bank. So that way it makes it much easier when you're you're doing your financials. So what you need to do under that scenario, Christian, is okay, you get their their financials, you get the OM that the broker maybe puts together, the nice marketing piece, and what the brokers will do a lot of times is they'll they maybe have done some of the hard work for you because they've gone through the T12 and said, "Oh gosh, these are a mess." and they'll go ahead and kind of put them together in a nice, you know, format so that way you can annualize it what's probably more realistic on current numbers and then you can put in their future projections. That's fine. But that's when you start going through the future numbers and say, "Huh, this doesn't make a lot of sense. These numbers are out of whack. They should probably be in more alignment for repairs and maintenance at these numbers that are on the the proforma, right? It should be $600 to $700, you know, per unit type thing or $7 to $800 per unit, stuff like that. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. &gt;&gt; What I what I see with a property is that they have really a high vacancy percentage. So they're um &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; they're what they could do is really downsized by the vacancy. It's 43% almost. So it's &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's massive. &gt;&gt; It's massive. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's something they need to get under control. Um I and I would ask questions as to why are you that vacant? Right. I mean it's uh you know there's got to be a reason for it. So um that's important. Okay. Good. And then uh regarding kind of the capital side of it. So this was uh came up in a call that I thought was interesting and you know they they're getting ready to lock up a deal but they haven't kind of set the capital foundation stuff in place. And so we had a great call and you know I said hey you know a great thing you can do right now for this deal and into the future. But you know go ahead and if you don't have a deal yet grab one, right? Just grab one off the internet that you're you're looking at that you think is interesting and go through the whole exercise of doing it, putting the pitch deck together, doing the landing page that you have in your back end in your CRM, the landing page specific to the deal. So that way you have the pitch deck, you have uh your website for the deal, you did a summary video for the deal, and you put together an email and you actually go through the exercise of sending it out to 30 people. Here's what I mean by that. So, if you came in here and I had our pitch deck and and I don't I don't care what deal it is, you can take any deal and do this to it to go through the exercise. So, that way you'll be able to show this to anyone and send it out to anyone. Right? So, we have our our fund. Okay, this could be one 123 East Street. Doesn't matter. And you have this template in your backend right next to your websites tab that can get all customized for you. But I would literally take a deal, go through the financial analysis, put together the pitch deck, then put together this landing page, put together the summary video. &gt;&gt; Hi, how are you? Justin Brennan here with the Brennan Pulley Capital &gt;&gt; to actually go through the exercise. And then you're going to take all of this and you're going to put together an email and it would be something very similar to this to whomever it's going to go to. I'd say, you know, 40, you know, 20 uh 24 unit uh deal, Indiana, closing in 60 days. And then I'd put in together a nice little email And let me see what this will do. And I'll show it to you in just a second. And then we'll let's walk through this for a second so you guys fully understand what I'm trying to get you to do. Because by warming your in any investors you may have set up in your CRM up now, it'll make that process even easier when you go to actually raise real money. Does that make sense? is you're going to take them through this exercise and you're going to have your pitch deck put together and you'll literally have the entire deal put together and then that way that when the you know whether this deal happens or not is irrelevant. I'm going to show you the email that would go out so that way it would look like this and then you guys know what the pitch decks are. But let me show you this. All right. And this would be kind of your pitch deck. Yours would be on a deal, but you get the point. So, this is going to be attached in the email along with the link to the website page that I created that has the video of myself and all that stuff. So, let me kind of put this together right in front of you right here. And that way you can see what I'm talking about. So, as you guys know, we have you put together a list of 20, 30 people and put them in your CRM, right? I don't care if they don't have any money. I don't care if you don't think they have any money. It's just people that you know that, hey, you know, if I sent something off to them, they may send it to somebody for me. That's kind of who you're putting in there. Okay? And then an email would go out. Let me put this together real quick. So, mind me while I'm typing here. One second. It's coming through. You'll get the point. Can you see this? actually. This is a great subject line. It says, "I'm buying a 24 unit deal. Do you want to take a look?" With a question mark. Right. And then, you know, the email would kind of look, um, and then kind of look like Yes. And then it would go out. Okay. So, and I would attach the pitch deck. go through this exercise and this would go out to 30 people. And then I would also attach that link. So that way the email would look like me share the email. Here you go. Okay. So, as I said, going through this exercise, I have 30 people in my, if you don't have a deal yet, you're just trying to put this together, start warming up capital, right? The capital foundation part of that road map. So, here I am. I have 30 people in my database. I want to start warming them up, letting them know what I do, right? That because they they probably have an identity around me as a a dentist, an attorney, a doctor, a financeier, right? That type of personality because that's what I've done my whole life. and now I need to kind of warm them up to the concept that hey I'm also doing multif family apartments and this is what I'm doing. So you're almost acting as if in running the exercise to set in place this is what you do and it's going to be done in a very professional manner. So it's going to send a message to them oh yeah I've always I've known you know this guy's a dentist guy forever or doctor or whatever for his whole life and this is pretty cool. Let me take a look at this thing. So, this is what it's gonna it's going to do. So, you have the pitch deck done on a deal that you've analyzed and put together. I've done the website. So, I have the landing page set. Here's the website link. Put together a very simple email. Hey, so and so, wanted to personally share something with you. I'm in the process of acquiring a 24-un apartment building and we're scheduled to close in 60 days. There's the link. It's a three to five year investment focused on steady cash flow, improving property value. This was a quick email I put together, right? 50 15 to 20% annual returns. Minimum investment 25k. I'm putting this deal together carefully and conservatively. Blah blah blah blah. Clear plan. Who do you know that may have some interest that may that you may be able to send this to? No pressure at all. You notice I'm not even asking them yet. I'm asking them who they know. Who do you know that may have some interest? John, I'm not even asking you. And what do you think they're going to do? They're going to come in here. They're going to go, "Huh, it's kind of cool. It's interesting." Like he's 24 unit deal, like blah blah blah. This is interesting. Let me go and click on this. Boom. Then they're going to open it up. Oh, let me open up the pitch deck. Boom. So then they're going to open the pitch deck. They're going to go through the whole thing. They're going to send it off to their friend. They told you they would. They're going to reply back to you. They're going to say, "Yeah, I sent it to John." And so forth and so but you know, just by cur Why didn't you ask me? I may have some interest in this thing. Let me take a look at it. What you Now, I know this is a completely mock deal. It's not the point, right? You still have to go through the due diligence and blah blah blah. The point behind this is you're sending a very clear signal that you got your together. I mean, simply put, I have my together. Here's my website. Here's my company. Here's my pitch deck. We run it professionally. We do it the right way. It's all ready to go. I'm not interested in you. Who do you know that may have some interest? And tada. Tada. because that's and this deal is not going to happen. That's not the point. What you're doing is signaling to them, oh, this is what it's going to look like when when it actually happens, right? They don't know the deal is not going to happen. They just know that this is an interesting deal that you're looking at and that you may be going forward with and maybe closing on. So, you would word it accordingly. But you get the point, right? Does this make some sense as to why you would do this? Because I even did this before I even had an actual deal. I just had the people lined up. And this is kind of why we teach it this way because the whole point of why you're doing this is to warm up these people that have an identity around who you are in what you've been doing for the last 30 years and you're trying to switch that identity a bit and at least bring into the mix that you're doing real estate. Even if you don't have a deal yet, it's not the point. The point is you want to let them know and that's why you bring them through this phase of the capital foundation. And that's what this whole phase is about. Soft commitments, lender relationships, sending the pitch deck on a mock deal out to your database, social proofing what you're doing. So that way when you actually start writing offers over here and submitting your LOIs, which you've all been doing, by the time you actually get a real deal under contract, you've already warmed your audience up. They already now see you as, oh, that's Christian, the finance guy. But you know what? He sent me this 24 unit deal a month ago. Really cool looking. I doesn't look like it went through, but I see this new one now. They're starting now to attach your identity to not just what you do, what you think you do. They're now bringing in the identity is, oh yeah, he's a finance guy and a multif family investor. He's buying apartments and I just saw what he put together a month ago and that was legit. Beautiful website. Showed me everything. Answered all my questions. Nice summary video. That was pretty slick. Great pitch deck. I mean, that looked professional. All the financials and stuff. He gave me a nice email like this is I can trust this. I can this seems like okay. This makes some sense versus you putting some whole bunk thing together that looks like you just came out of your closet and tried to figure out something together. It's not going to send trust. Does that make sense? So, you're trying to set this trust factor in advance of you actually needing the money because that's what a lot of people fear around raising capital. Is it the deal before right the money or the money before the deal? And the real answer is both. The real answer is right here, right? Because you can't really get the commitment from people until you have an actual deal. But yet, you can't actually really feel confident about going into a deal without having some warmth of money. So then, how do you get the warmth of money? you mock up a deal and you send it out and you run the exercise so that way you're warming up because what's going to happen with this is you're gonna if you send it out to 30 people, I guarantee you with near 100% accuracy, at least 11 of those 30 will respond back and they'll say, "Yeah, let me send this out to a friend." Of those 11, seven of them will ask you why didn't you ask them? And of those seven that said why you didn't ask them, five of them are going to want to set up a phone call. Guarantee it. I dare you. I dare you. Watch what happens. If you do exactly what I just showed you to do, pitch deck, website, summary, video, send it out, right, with the email. Watch what happens. It's almost going to be like a shock and off factor a little bit because they're not going to really expect it from you because they've seen you as such and such person for so long that now you're going to change that identity a little bit, attach it to the new one that you're already in, right? That's why you do this. You're warming up the capital foundation. So that way, hey, you're out here writing offers, doing all this stuff. Great. But what you don't want to do is get a deal under contract and you haven't done any of the warming. So that's why we want to make sure we're warming everybody up. That's why we do it. That's why we do it. Um I see something in the chat real quick. Q&amp;A. Would it be possible to ask your contacts at banks whether they know someone? 100%. Christian. Yeah, you can send it to your banker or I mean if you have their contact info, you know, I know if you send it to their work email, right? They can't usually open it because of compliance reasons, right? Um, but if you send it to a personal email, you have that banker all day long. Listen, people know people that know people. I mean, I can't tell you how many conversations I've had that if it was just if I didn't finish the intro with what I'm doing and I just said, "Oh, my day was good." Right? Instead, open up a little bit and say, "My day was good, man. I was writing some offers on some multif family deals. It's tough out there. And they're going to be like, "Yeah, it's tough out there." You do multif family? Yeah. Yeah. We buy apartment buildings. We do it with other people. You know, it's it's dog fight right now. Yeah. You know, I really cool. You know, I was talking to my brother last week. He was thinking about investing in multif family. Like, how do you guys do it? Do you guys use investors? Yeah. Yeah. We we bring in investors. We do it with investors. Um, great. Like, can I send him can I connect you guys? Like, he may want to talk to you about it. I mean, but if you're silent about it, then there's no way that for that conversation to even open and you're not doing in a in a salesy way. I mean, the greatest part about raising money is you never ask anybody for money. It's like the greatest thing ever because I will never ask anybody for money. I'll ask who they know. It's always who they know because everybody gets FOMO because everybody loves real estate. Everybody knows that real estate makes millionaires. That's not the problem. It's just by nature, nobody wants to feel sold. So, who do you know that has some interest? John, I have this 24 unit. I'm looking at closing on it here in the next 60 90 days. 25,000 minimum investment, blah blah blah blah. Who do you know that may have some interest in this opportunity pulling and then when they ask you like why you didn't ask them, you say, "Listen, we're friends. I didn't want to impose upon you. You know, I respect our friendship. Don't want to impose upon you. So, but if you have interest, I'd love to chat with you about it, but I was trying to see maybe you know some people And then that's how you're able to maneuver that. So that way you're not uh feeling like you're ever, you know, some money henchman running around asking people for dough. Um because nobody wants that feeling, right? Um Allan, see you. &gt;&gt; Um hey, can you hear me? Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, along the lines of what you were just talking about and per that last question you had from somebody on the call, um I befriended a mortgage broker over the last couple months and I've been talking to that person in depth and um you know, I told them what I was doing and um so through that person um she knew a couple of people that were interested in investing in multifamily. So they reached out to me through her and then I set up a couple of Zoom calls and I did a version of what you just talked about. Basically I set up a pitch deck and went through an example, you know, 25k minimum, talked about the irra, the cap, you know, rates, etc. the markets I was looking at and um um ironed out and solidified a well, they're soft commitments at this point, right? So, but &gt;&gt; yeah, because you won't get firm commitments from them. &gt;&gt; You'll get soft commitments, meaning like, "Hey, Allan, this is all great. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; I see what you're doing. Super professional." Like, when you have an actual deal that &gt;&gt; you're trying to raise for, I'm totally interested in taking a look at it. That's all you need to hear because now that's that's a warm, you know, warm commitment, soft commitment &gt;&gt; that, you know, once you get around to writing your offers and you're writing them and then you get into the portion of like, oh crap, I just put a deal under contract, right? You're not having to go warm up the database. Like they they've seen an example already. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; They know that if another one comes across, &gt;&gt; they'll be like, "Oh, okay. I remember this. You know, Allan sent me this, you know, a couple months ago." And I see the professionalism. You know, now I know some people. Let me forward it off to them. And then John, yeah, you'd ask, "What's your answer for why you don't ask me?" Listen, John, we're friends. I just didn't want to impose upon you. But, you know, I'd love to chat with you about it if you have interest. Sure. And that way you're it's you're maintaining that friendship, right? because nobody wants to feel like they're is it's always like how do I comfortably uh bridge that friendship without coming off like some salesy guy chasing money? You you're trying to bridge that in a nice way. And by nature, everybody wants what they can't have. Like we're that's human nature. We all want what we can't have. And so if something is sent to us that looks like a nice opportunity and we all know real estate's good, I'm going to take a peek at it and then I mean like I know he asked me to send it to my buddy John and yeah, I'm going to send it to him, but I wonder why this didn't ask me. He's like a good friend to you, right? And then you know you're going to you're going to you'll have that conversation like listen man I'd love to ask you. I just didn't want to impose upon our friendship. You know it's important to me and they'll be like okay that makes sense but yeah this seems seems interesting. Tell me about it. Boom. So that's just kind of how that game should be played. So you're protecting relationships, but also showcasing, you know, your skill set and what you're learning here, which is how to do all this, and you're putting it together, and you're running an actual investment company that buys apartments. So that way they can start to signal in their brain that you're not just a realtor, you're not just a dentist, you're not just, you know, a construction guy, a plumber, or this or that or whatever, right? a secretary, an administrative assistant, right? You're not just that, right? You're that and this. And start to solidify in their brain uh the identity around that. It starts to build that internal confidence that you're not just that. So, cool. Um any questions kind of about this? I think it's it's really important because I I I'll see and I'll see it even now and um a couple folks that are in the middle of their capital raising on their deals and maybe they didn't do as much of this capital foundation stuff up front. So that's why I want to kind of lean into that. But definitely here for today to make sure you all understand the importance of going through that exercise. And so taking a deal you may find on Crexy I don't care if the deal doesn't make sense. You're going to make it make sense on the proforma because you're going through the exercise. And then you're going to take that and you're going to actually go through put together the pitch deck. And then from there, you're going to put together this landing page and then a little summary video that of you walking through like if you look at my my summary video. It's really boring. It's it's literally me going through the pitch deck, but it's maybe I think that one's a little bit too long, right? The one that you would probably do would maybe 15 minutes max and would look where is that page? Oh, here it is. Um, you know, it's just a video of me sharing the pitch deck. &gt;&gt; It'll be put into an asset that was acquired and closed in that same calendar year. So, you get the on the fund. Powerful customizable fund. You choose where your money goes. &gt;&gt; Can you guys hear the audio by chance? Just make sure. Okay, cool. &gt;&gt; Has a hybrid investment strategy around flips and multif family. Flips and multif family. I'll get &gt;&gt; So, it just goes through and I'm literally walking through it. &gt;&gt; Tax benefits, bonus depreciation, year one, six million bucks. Pretty killer. Pretty killer. &gt;&gt; So, that way you could literally send this link to anybody. I keep it on the notes on my phone. So that way if I'm out and about and somebody I'm talking to somebody or I ran into a backyard barbecue or if I'm at a soccer game with my kids or if I'm anywhere and I start chatting with somebody just because you don't know when it's going to happen and they're like, "Yeah, man. Can you send me some info? You can actually grab this link and send it to them in a text message and they can literally open it up on their phone when they're driving home or when they have a minute at home or whatever it is. The whole point is sending the signal that you're professional, you do things the right way, you know, you can protect their money, blah blah blah. And you're not even asking them for money. You're just asking who they may know. And that's why this thing gets put in place. It's a it's a nice little landing page specific to your deal, right? Specific to your deal. In this case, it's for our fund. And they can come in here, they can download the pitch deck, they put in their info. That's a lead that goes right into your CRM automatically and they'll put in their info and they'll download the pitch deck right to their their phone or their computer. They can schedule a call with you right here, investment phone call, and that way it's all it's all set up for you right in the back end of your system. And you guys have this template ready to go specific to a deal that you would have. So you would run through that exercise. So, um, uh, Christian, yeah, you have this already. Uh, you mean the link or you want the, um, because you have this template in the back end of your, uh, system right now. Um, that's the link um, that you can um, customize. It's literally looks like this if you go open it up. So, if the if you're in the back end of your system, I'll stop sharing this and I'll share it. Open it up real quick. If you go to like in your case, uh, Christian. Um, yep. Let me share this real quick. So, if you go into your backend, Christian, right here, this is yours. you have your website template, right? And then if you go into funnels, this is where the landing page would be. So, here's your template all edited for you. You're just going to come in here and change it to awesome deal. And you're good. You're set. It's an awesome deal. Um, and that's right there in your back end. So, uh, any of our people can help you edit it, right? The vendors and stuff that have done your website can also edit this for you or you can get somebody else to. There's plenty of people that know how to do this inside of High Level to customize it for you. And you just give them the content, but that's right in here in in your funnel section under your um, your deal. It's a landing page straight to it. And you can change it, edit it, do whatever you want to it, change colors, anything you want. And then you um it has a URL to it just like you saw with mine. And then you're ready to go and it's right in there. But that way it's all templated. Put a video on it. I just embedded a YouTube video. So I uploaded a video to YouTube, took that, put it into the website, and that's what you see on the homepage there. But that way you have a video, landing page, your pitch deck, link, email. It's very very very very um um not custom uh very professional. And the whole purpose of that is to send the signal that you know what you're doing even though you don't know what you're doing. That's the whole point is the kind of oh okay man like he's bigger than like you're going to look the part right. I mean because then they can go on your website they can see us your team what you put together. I mean, you you you look like you have your together, even though you haven't done a single thing yet, right? But it's sending the signal that so when it actually happens, you're not catching your tail. That's how you raise money, right? That's how you warm it up and you raise the money to where it's kind of teed up in a soft commitment fashion. And Allen's doing it, everybody else is doing it. So that way you're setting the signal that you're you're the part. Okay. Um, and then yes, you said I think you saw Christian, you are setting that. It's called a landing page. It's a one-page site. So, you're not it's not like a multi-page thing. It's a one-page site that goes over the uh the summary of the deal. So, does that answer that question for you? Okay, awesome. Um, yeah. So, deal with me. Share any um share some more wins or losses or any horror stories. Do you guys have anybody any any brokers not calling you back, not responding to you? We can kind of walk through that scenario so we can get them responding to you for deal flow or um any hiccups when you're looking at you getting these deals to pencil. You're running into a couple things along with the analyzers that isn't penciling that well. Um, anything on that specifically? &gt;&gt; I've got an offer that I sent in several times and talked to the broker twice or emailed him twice and he said, "Yeah, they haven't looked at it yet and that's been like two and a half weeks, so I assume it's a dead deal, but &gt;&gt; Oh, really? &gt;&gt; Yeah. He never got any any feedback whatsoever." &gt;&gt; Um, okay. Let's walk through that real quick. How many units was it? &gt;&gt; Uh, 22. &gt;&gt; 22 units. Uh, where was it located at? &gt;&gt; Uh, Suall, South Dakota. &gt;&gt; Okay. Oh, okay. It's the one you were showing the last time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; How far off were you on their ask from their whisper price or asking price? &gt;&gt; Well, they had that loan cover. I remember if we were talking about that, but I was above that by about 40,000, which is probably about 400,000 under their price. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; But the broker talked like that would probably get it done and apparently not. And is is that because the propertyy's stressed, right? There's an issue there. &gt;&gt; They got to sell a big portfolio off. &gt;&gt; Got it. Um, have you met the broker in person yet before or No? &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. Talked to him for a couple hours um two months ago &gt;&gt; like in person? &gt;&gt; Yeah, face to face. Yeah, we went to we went on a trip up to up there for three days or two and a half days. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. Um, when was the last time you texted him or talked to him? &gt;&gt; Uh, about a week. It's been about by about doing it about once a week trying to just go back to him, see what's going on. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You almost may want to, you know, just not not about that deal, but do a followup with them to say, "Hey, do you have anything else that's coming up right now?" Almost kind of like forget about it a little bit, but then that can come up in a call if you guys chat or text back and forth saying, "Hey, I'm looking for some more deals in Sou Falls. Um, do you have anything that may be coming up that you're working on? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And see if you can get a response back at least saying, "Hey, no, not yet." Or, "Hey, I'm working on this." Or, "Hey, I'm working on that." Because he may out of that combo real quick. You can say, "Hey, whatever happened to that deal, the 24 units, you know, that I sent in. Oh, well, the sellers blah blah blah blah." You may get some behind the scenes uh that, you know, you're not privy to. So, it makes your mind wander, right? But it could be something that completely has nothing to do with you. So, but it you can use trying to get around it to some other deals as a way to get an answer on that. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that would be my approach on that one to kind of say, "Hey, you know, do you have anything else you're working on?" Blah, blah, blah. You may respond back, "No, not so much right now." Or, "Hey, I'm working on this. I'm working on that." Um, but that would be the a good way to get them to respond to you on something. &gt;&gt; I walked a couple properties today. I'm actually in in another market today walking some properties. &gt;&gt; Oh, good. I &gt;&gt; was talking to the broker and he said he's got one coming up that's off deal but doesn't have much for expenses. Are you pretty comfortable with say okay 1996 that you put the 45 to 50% and just leave it at that without a bunch of numbers? &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. So, I was going to ask so what year is it? &gt;&gt; 96. &gt;&gt; Is it uh in in fair shape or you don't know yet? &gt;&gt; Uh no. I I'll see that one tomorrow morning. But &gt;&gt; okay. Yeah. So, if it's in fair shape, meaning it's not falling apart, right? It's 1996 &gt;&gt; then. Yeah. On actually 1996, you should be using between 35 and 45. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So, what I would do is is maybe run it right in the middle there. Maybe 39 to 40%. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Is kind of just just put in a lump sum number in there for your expense ratio. So, it comes up to that and that would be fair like a 40% for a 1996 building like that. That's in fair condition. And that would be your expenses. And then you just got to figure out the revenue and then you can at least back into what would what price would actually have this thing make sense. &gt;&gt; And then I keep running across some like the one I looked at today. They run across where he had the R&amp;M was super high. I mean like stupid high. &gt;&gt; All we did all was capex where we put in new furnaces. We did you know this and this and this and they shove it all in the R&amp;M &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And so still they were like an 84% expense rate you know which is outrageous. Wow, that sounds awesome. Yeah. So, what you do is you're going to what they call normalize that. &gt;&gt; Back it out. &gt;&gt; Correct. Because you know that a 1975's building in the Midwest in that area should probably run, let's call it a flat 48 to 50%. Just for, you know, simple math. And maybe it gets better, but I would run it at at least high 40s at my expense ratio and just back into that number. So that way at the at the end of the day that expense ratio at the bottom there is in that number. If they can't pull out the numbers and get creative because they didn't just like they said they didn't have three bank accounts. So what they ended up doing is everything came out of the one and then they had coingled money. They didn't know how to pull it apart and account for it correctly. So their property management statements look that way. But you can normalize it by just saying hey it's 48% no matter what I'll run it at 48%. Here's the revenue. So, I got that handled. 48% expenses, I'll use say a 10% economic loss number. &gt;&gt; And back into metrics. That makes sense. &gt;&gt; And then if that's if that if that's in South Dakota, you I'm you got to be between a a seven and an eight cap for that market right now. I'm guessing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. They're about they're running about six and a half to seven. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, maybe six and a half to seven and a half. You kind of run it at a seven cap on an exit, right? Your exit cap. &gt;&gt; See what that looks like. And then run it again at 6 and a half and see what that looks like &gt;&gt; and try and back into those numbers to see kind of like, hey, you know, if I ran it at 48% expense ratio with these revenue numbers and interest rate of 6.5% and a cap rate of seven or six and a half, you know, what could I pay for it? Basically, &gt;&gt; one of the brokers they said he's see starting to see a few upper fives. I don't know how accurate that is, but he told me that today. &gt;&gt; That is insane. On cap rate, &gt;&gt; that's what he told that's what he told him. On interest rates in &gt;&gt; Oh, on interest rates. That's true. Depending on the loan size. So, you can go out right now depending on your loan size. It have to probably be over two million. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Because that's going to start to get into medium balance, right? loan amount where you're going to get cheaper money uh and probably agency debt and yeah, you'll be at 5.8 5.9 somewhere in there. Um but realistically, you need to presume at least six and a quarter% right now up to the high sixes &gt;&gt; for your local banks. It'll be six and a quarter. &gt;&gt; Yeah, six and a quarter to 6.9. You're going to be right in there. &gt;&gt; Right in there currently. And that'll be 30 to 35% down. um it will have a um it'll probably be a recourse loan, but keep in mind I don't really care about recourse unless I'm overleveraged. I don't care about recourse unless I'm signing on development or new construction stuff where the whole thing could go to to to you know what if I'm if I'm doing recourse on something that I have 35% equity in on a fixed rate debt and it has financials that are producing cash flow from day one then it really takes a lot for me to lose my ass like pretty much Armageddon would have to happen right I mean like everybody in the world would have to stop paying rent. But then you have to think if everybody's not paying rent like COVID, what did they do? They start offering forbearances. &gt;&gt; So everybody was then protected. So you weren't up Shit's Creek. So you get the point, right? I mean, if you as long as you're not overleveraged and you don't have variable rate debt, &gt;&gt; then it's very hard to lose your butt, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Very hard. &gt;&gt; Makes sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I never worry as much about those with the local banks who want recourse because really the chance of them not getting their money is very very small. I mean, is it worth that risk? Probably. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because I mean, the risk &gt;&gt; all the small stuff I have is recourse, so I'm used to that. &gt;&gt; It's It's 15% chance of you getting your ass handed to you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um and yeah, I'll take that because as long as I can operate reasonably, I'm I'm good. So, &gt;&gt; okay. &gt;&gt; Uh, hi. Any questions from you before we're kind of finishing up here? &gt;&gt; Um, not really, Justin. I'm getting back on track. Before the trip, I sent my first LOI, but like a week after that, the broker got back to me and told me that another offer was accepted. So actually I need to uh this couple of days get back on couple of calls with some brokers and see what's what's new on the market and yeah just start to underwrite new deals and I'll start sending them over. Actually, what it was really helpful during this LOI and and the underwriting of that property was your chat GPT. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; AI like if I was speaking to you, so that's why I haven't sent like many emails or whatever because I've been talking with your AI guy just in AI. So, &gt;&gt; what's going to happen next week is you don't realize that this is not me right now. This is AI. &gt;&gt; You've been talking to AI for the last 48 minutes, bro. You didn't even know it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it might be because actually I just received like from Mexico. That's like the big airline here in Mexico because of my birthday. Like, hey, click on this video. And an AI girl sang me a mariachi song, happy birthday. But they were throwing out like my name and my miles and the places I've been and whatever. So it was kind of crazy, but yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's Yeah, it's it's what's coming is it's even worse. So that's good. &gt;&gt; Matthew, I see you in here, Matthew. I don't know if you're driving and stuff because I know you got your camera off, but just wanted to say hi to you. Hope you're doing well. And I see Rex in here as well. Sujit, good to see you. Um, yeah. Any last kind of words before we finish up? We've got a few more minutes left, but I want to kind of use this as more of a Q&amp;A today to go through some of the different sections that many of you are in, but also address kind of the capital side of things because if there's one thing that all of you could do, and I would love to see it by next week is if you could go through a deal, pitch deck, landing page, and summary video. And I would love to see everybody's because that would really help you. it would gain confidence for you. If you need help with those different stages, that's what we're here for. Um, I would say the pitch deck is the biggest build for you. Uh, but I would recommend doing one the first time. There's a great video on the back end under raising capital called the pitch deck video where I'm literally walking through doing the pitch deck so you can actually see it happening in real time. But I would go through that exercise so you know and then later down the road um later down the road then you have people do it like now I have people put together our pitch deck and it's a little you know person on Fiverr for a couple hundred bucks all right and they'll they'll do all the pitch decks and I just give them the info and they they have our style right we set everything up so they have our style what we do and it's the same templates you guys use but we've gone through it one time with them so they know how to execute it and then it's just repeating rents. &gt;&gt; Justin, what's your insight right now with interest rates? Because I've been receiving like some emails and stuff that they keep coming down and they might be between 5.5 and 5.9 for the rest of the year, but what's your your insight? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so right now on the residential side, they did drop below the six range, which is great. Like 5.9, 5.8. So, it's great to see that. Uh the commercial space is a little different. Like I said, depending on your loan size and the bank at which it's coming from. So if you're getting a $2 or $3 million loan or greater, you can probably get into the high fives right now. If you are under that, you can still get in the fives if you use what's called agency debt, meaning Fanny or Freddy Fanny May or Freddy Mack on your agency debt for commercial loans. You can get in the fives if you're over a million million five. And then if you're local commercial banks, which is what you know, John was talking about and so forth, you're going to be in your six and a quarter to 6.9 for for local commercial banks, kind of your smaller regional banks, stuff like that. That's what that's that's where that'll be right now. So, it's still ranging. You're still call it 59 to 69. How about that? That's probably where you're heading. Uh Mr. Wannaboo, &gt;&gt; what's up, man? I uh just started checking out different markets outside of the state and one of them I'm checking out is Boise just my mom lives there been there a h 100 times etc and it was on the list generated by the AI. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What's your take when I literally like check Boise and Meridian which is right next door and it's like growing towards Meridian. &gt;&gt; Yeah. In Idaho Falls and all that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And in Meridian there's like one listing. In all of Boise there's 16. and how development uh opportunities. So like literally there's like six or seven total properties in the area. What is that indicative of when you're analyzing a market? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So there so Boise doesn't have as much deal flow, right? But it's a great place to invest. So like Robbie in our in the community closed on his first I don't know how I even found it. It was a 12unit deal um not in Boise. It was nearby Boise, one of the suburb. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, but yeah, great little property that he purchased. Um, but yeah, you're not going to see as much deal flow. So, I mean, it's a great place to invest, good to build relationships. Same thing with Utah. You'll see a little bit less deal flow in Utah, but a great state to invest in. &gt;&gt; So, the fact that there's like seven total properties on Cracky is indicative of like, &gt;&gt; keep in mind that's only 20% of the market, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Take So, take the How many properties you say? Six. &gt;&gt; 16, but like half of them are development. So like Yeah. 80, &gt;&gt; right? Yeah. So um so there's really about 80 deals because that only represents about 20% of the actual market is what you're looking at on KRExy. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Right. The other 80% is pre-market or not there yet. So that's why the broker relationships are so critical, especially in a lower inventory place like that because that's how you're going to get the head start before it hits the market because those markets are such hot hot markets as you know with Boise that I mean and with lower deal flow that that thing's got to get picked up in a second. So, and if it doesn't get picked up &gt;&gt; advertising, they're c I was like surprised to see cap rates in the fours in I was like what? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's and I wouldn't do that. You know, you still have to stick to fundamentals, but would I be okay with a five and a half to six and a half cap rate in Boise? Yeah, because it that is the case, right? As long as my interest, as you said, you typically can't buy a property with a cap rate less than a half point below your your interest rate, &gt;&gt; right? Because think about that for a minute. The definition of a cap rate is the cash on cash return of the building with no debt on it. So, if I don't have any loans on it, when it says 5% or 4% or 6% cap rate, that means it's producing 6% cash on the property because it has no debt. &gt;&gt; So, if my interest rates six and a half%, but I'm only generating six, I have a negative, it's called negative leverage. Now, you can do that up to about a half point delta. Meaning if the interest rates were 6 and a half and I was buying at a six, I could probably pull that off. But any more than that, it's you you'll see it in the numbers. The numbers won't make sense &gt;&gt; unless you're putting more down. &gt;&gt; Well, right. Unless you're putting 60% down and then it's like, well, dude, like why would I put 60% down? I might as well I could buy something in Pacific Beach with 60% down. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Well, why would I go to Boise? I mean, because literally I mean, if you if you can buy a four cap rate in P in PB, a block from the ocean, why would I buy a four cap in Boise? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. You just wouldn't do that. So, that's why it has to make logical sense. Otherwise, why would you take the risk when you know darn well anything west of the five is going to be fine for the rest of your life, right? It's just you're going to be all right. Um, so but that's how that would be played. Um, does that answer your question? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; But yeah, great state, you know, Utah and in in Boise. &gt;&gt; I'm out there two times a year anyway, so I might as well make that a market. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I I would um I would absolutely make broker relationships there. And yeah, I mean that it's going to be good old Cowboys club for sure, but you start building it and it's a great place to invest, but they definitely, you know, um they're, you know, they they want to know who you are, right? I mean, it's it's not that they don't like outsiders, but like I I remember when my dad ended he my dad ended up building a whole subdivision. I want to say it was like 80 homes or 90 homes back in the '9s in Boise. We had a house there and he got so screwed over because they knew he was an outsider. They knew he was an a California outsider. They're like, "Oh, we're going to get this boy." And so he ended up like spending I don't know how much more money on contractors and BS and be you know all the kind of stuff that you go through because he he brought in his out he literally brought in his outside team too his outside superintendent his outside people. So I mean they did all right but they still got the hosed because all the locals were like you know like you're not a local. So, &gt;&gt; but I think they're used to California is infiltrating now. &gt;&gt; Well, they are now. Yeah, for sure. That's why the prices are so jacked up. So, but uh Matthew, you get the last question, sir. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you. So, uh, just a simple question that we had is we found a a fractured condo deal and basically, you know, they were selling and I think it was 45% of the full amount of units. &gt;&gt; So, I just wanted to get your opinion on that. Um, we know there would be shared control. Is that something that, you know, we should avoid or? &gt;&gt; Uh, yes. to answer in short the only way you would ever consider it is if you get majority control of that HOA. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because imagine it for a minute you go buy 20 units in a 47 unit HOA and they decide one afternoon at a HOA meeting to raise the assessments &gt;&gt; drastically and I mean it ruins you and you have no say on it. Um, I mean it just everything you get screwed and you and yet you you're completely susceptible to what they decide on. So unless you can get majority control and get majority control seats on the HOA, that's the only way I would ever consider it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we we were thinking that as well. I think we're just going to we're using that one just to build that relationship with the broker. &gt;&gt; It's a great great great exercise to run through and build it to get more. Mhm. And then my my last question would be uh why why do some OM not state the the insurance cost of the properties &gt;&gt; and they you know they just have very high HOAs. Is that just something that's included in the HOA or &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, when it has an HOA line item in there because that means it's a busted deal somehow. So yeah, a lot of those and you that's why I would want the detail of the HOA because I want to know what's included in there because a lot of your normal expenses that you would normally have on your expense list may be covered in that HOA cost. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So you want to dive into that. So if it does have an HOA, I'd be asking the broker, hey, what's the detail of what's covered in the HOA so that way I can remove it from my normal expenses? because it could be water, could be cable, could be insurance like you said handful of other things that can come out of your normal expense line items that are stuck in that HOA number. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; okay. Yeah. So, yeah, that makes sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; So, yeah, unless you can get majority control, no way, Jose. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what we thought that as well. We were just thinking, I mean, if you have, you know, 45% control, what's the point? you if you ever did that, I would I would not let you do it first of all. Um and then I would kill you after that. &gt;&gt; No, I'm just kidding. You get the point. You just don't do it. Like not unless you want to be &gt;&gt; praying that you never did. &gt;&gt; That makes sense. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; All right. Cool. Everybody, appreciate your time. I hope this was helpful. I wanted to kind of use this more of a Q&amp;A today, but I really wanted to what I would love to see next week. I'll put you guys all on the spot. Would love to see at least the landing page done in the pitch deck. That'd be amazing for like, you know, an exercise sample deal that you've gone through the exercise on because that's going to give you a lot of confidence. And then after that, we'll get to the summary video where you actually sit down in front of your computer like this, share your screen, walk through the pitch deck, and literally just walk through it. And even if it's a 20-minute video, whatever it is, that's not the point. It's to go through the exercise of putting that together because it's going to do two things. It's going to get you more familiar with how to explain your deal to people, right? It's going to go through that, get you comfortable with, yeah, taking a look at this and doing a look at this. And you can edit that video. Like even if you stumble 14 times, edit the video. It's very easy to do that. And that way you actually have something that you feel more comfortable about. It'll walk you through that initial exercise. So, all right everybody, have a great evening and uh go USA. Thank you. Have a good night.