Hello, hello, hello. Seeing everybody come on in. Beautiful, beautiful. Seeing all the smiley faces. Not good to see you, Mr. Brian. Good to see you. &gt;&gt; Hey there, Justin. How you doing? &gt;&gt; Should I should say both you Brian's. We got Brian with a Y and Brian with an I. &gt;&gt; What are the odds of that? What's up, my man? &gt;&gt; What's What's new? I think you're back from uh you had an awesome trip. I don't Where were you? &gt;&gt; I went to Charlotte and then I don't know. And then I've been sucked back into the residential world a bit the past week. It's like, you know, listing summer season. &gt;&gt; Well, it gets, you know, it gets busy because, you know, in our game it's right around March it starts to really kick off, right? And then it uh gets &gt;&gt; multif family or &gt;&gt; uh no just in just single family in general. I mean I remember I I called it the Super Bowl light switch and right after the Super Bowl it seems like everybody wants to start getting their houses ready for the market, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I got like seven or eight of them all coming online right now in the past week or two. So just been busy. &gt;&gt; I love it. We'll [snorts] wait a few more minutes and get some folks on here. Um, so Brian, you're you're uh you're back up and and uh situated. Did uh you enjoy the last two days with the the little uh &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I certainly did. Yeah. Frank, &gt;&gt; I'll um I'm going to ask you about that just to kind of get your overall feeling, you know, for that as we were, you know, touring deals and kind of the things you saw um and you and Frank and having, you know, that experience just to kind of get you guys kickarted. So, &gt;&gt; and then, uh, Hotskins, I'm going to have you chat about your updates on your deal, and I know you come into the to the Saturday stuff, too, but I'd like to get an update on that front and kind of walk walk some folks through that. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah, there's literally nothing there, but I can update as much. We're waiting for the bank to sign the PSA, so it's been with them since uh Wednesday, but they send it to their attorneys. &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. We got a few more folks coming in here. Chatna, good to see you coming on in. Carlos, good to see you. Let a few other folks come in. And then who here? I know Brian, you did yours. Um Kurt, did you ever do like the mock deal? I think you did, didn't you? Or kind of. &gt;&gt; Yes. In the website. The only thing I never put together was the video for it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I had the website going and then I never sent it out to anyone though. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'd like to see I'd like to see that experience. Um, and the reason why is I'm trying to I mean the change for me is when I I changed my email signature and I started letting people talk to me about multif family when I was selling homes. Mhm. &gt;&gt; And um it it it's amazing what happens. Like I changed my email signature from realtor Justin to realtor and multif family investor. So whoever it went out to title, escrow, clients, people, it didn't really matter, right? It saw me as Justin Brennan, the realtor and multif family investor. So what ended ended up happening probably about a year into that process um is they started asking me after I sold their houses for them. [laughter] They would say, "Hey, Justin, you know, thanks so much for, you know, helping us buy or sell, but I see you're kind of doing some apartment stuff. That's kind of cool. Tell me about that." &gt;&gt; And that's what actually got a lot of clients to end up investing. It's interesting you say that because I have started having conversations with people just like, "Oh, what else do you do?" Because, you know, they know I've been in the game for so long and so, oh, I'm getting into multi. That's right. &gt;&gt; And the next thing I know like two or three of them are like, "Oh, well, I want to invest where you're investing. So, tell me if you have any deals. You know, I have money to invest. I mean, most of my have &gt;&gt; plenty of money." Y &gt;&gt; and u and initially when I was building my database in um high level I was just picking people I knew but in the end I'm like I could use my whole real estate database. I have &gt;&gt; 17 18,000 people in my database and I have 2,000 past clients. &gt;&gt; Kurt I I started sending all of my So what I Okay, and this is goes back to like accepting the identity that you're not just a realtor. you're a realtor and multif family investor accepting the identity that you're not just an electrician, you're an electrician and a multif family investor because that's what changed for me once I said I'm doing this no matter what and I am yes a realtor but I'm also a multif family investor and all of my branding started to get wrapped around that a little bit. the attitude that my clients had towards me changed because unfortunately for a lot of consumers and your consumers on here most people think you know realtors are what dime a dozen you know you're commodity next person up [laughter] you know we're like you know rice you know um &gt;&gt; yeah right it's anybody and everybody so um what it did is help level the game up a little bit number one, but number two, it started changing people's perspective around me and and all I did was change my email signature. So everything they got from me, it said realtor, multif family investor, and I had my multif family website attached in there underneath the realtor stuff. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And then conversations that I would have uh any kind of newsletters that went out, it would have real estate stuff, like I'd have the home stuff on there, but I'd also add in multif family stuff to that newsletter. And then what ended up happening is people's identity started to change in perspective around oh no no no that's that's Justin he he does you know buys and sells but he also buys apartments &gt;&gt; right it's it's no different than you because what what'll end up happening is &gt;&gt; all the realtors also started to see that Kurt because I was sending it out to the realtors too. [laughter] So what do you think the realtors wanted to do Justin I see you buying all these apartments I want to do that too. So that started and then they become investors. So then I have &gt;&gt; Isn't Dan and Kyle invested in some of your stuff in Texas? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yep. It started with that and then a handful of other ones. And so it's not ever trying to limit it or section it or separate it. It's trying to, you know, weave it in um and step into that identity as well. Now I know some people just for either legal purposes or their job and obviously you can't go changing your email signature if you're doing certain types of industries. Um but you can let people know about it. All right, you can let people know about it. &gt;&gt; I think that, you know, aside from that, that's that's a very easy pivot. Um, my next roadblock is just identifying a new market and giving up on the the Boise one and &gt;&gt; find more of the fundamental stuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, before you're like deciding on one, take kind of the the high level on it of you're going to take three states and I don't care if that's Texas, Missouri, and this other state, Arizona. You take three states. You get on Crexy and you just start pulling everything up, right? Everything that's within 10 to 50 unit properties. And then you're dialing for dollars, right? It's all about conversations with the brokers. And then based on those conversations, that's going to start to narrow you down to, okay, I'm getting more pull from Missouri than I am Texas or more pull from Texas than I am Arizona. &gt;&gt; I got that process down. That's, you know, me talking to agents is not an issue. right? &gt;&gt; Developing a bunch of agents relationships in Boise, etc. What was problematic was underwriting all of these properties. I underwrote them on initially and they weren't working and I thought, okay, when I got to the offmarket stuff, &gt;&gt; it's going to be better, but it wasn't much better. It was &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it was. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's mainly um and that that kind of goes back to um there's two ways of buying properties and a lot of Idaho stuff is not on fundamentals unfortunately. Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's just people buying things um &gt;&gt; to park money. &gt;&gt; And when you bought your big one down south, whatever, the one that you just rehabed, those were all based off of fundamentals. &gt;&gt; Correct. Because that was a total offmarket deal. Uh we got it through the family's attorney. Um and uh it was a value ad opportunity. Yeah. Just it's not those are very hard to find in San Diego, as you know. Very hard. So, I knew it. &gt;&gt; I gotta do a quick question with this agent. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cool. All right. Well, yeah, while Kurt's doing that, um, so yeah, Brian, introduce yourself real quick since you're in here and kind of newer to it. Um, to everybody in here and then we'll get uh we'll get going. &gt;&gt; Oh, you're me because I'm the newbie, right? &gt;&gt; Well, I always like there's several others, too, but Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I just recognized Chad up there. Uh, hey Chad. Uh, yeah, my name is Brian Moss. I uh I recently attended the two-day event there in San Diego just I guess it was just yesterday with Chad here &gt;&gt; and it was a fun time. Uh, I just enrolled in the in the platinum program, the oneonone. So, I'm looking forward to see what how this uh pans out and and uh very optimistic and looking to hopefully connect with some of you guys maybe and uh &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; it was a good time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and so inside the chat, you know, in taking time to introduce yourself in there and kind of where you're located and what markets you're looking at. Um because as we kind of talked over the two days is the um uh collaboration. Uh the greatest part about multifamilies is no one is your competition. Everybody is a potential partner technically and that's one of the great because there's plenty of pie. There's plenty of pie to go around and you you can partner up on a dealbydeal basis. It doesn't have to be married forever. And that's what makes it so dynamic because like there's people who I've gone up against deals before like in in a market in Texas and we've lost out to them, but then on the next deal we're partnering with them. Um the deal that we toured down in National City, I think I told you guys, I mean, we beat out two other offers and the one guy that uh we beat out ended up partnering with us on the deal. So it's it's never uh it's never uh hey, you're my competition. I have to like hold everything close to me because there is so much pie that can go around. It's always collectives, right, and opportunities for collectives and collaboration. So, just a really important piece of that puzzle. Um, but yeah, what I kind of wanted to go over two things. So, I see Cha in here. there. So, China, we're actually going to take a look at your deal here in just a little bit, but I wanted to kind of go back to the the part around the capital foundation and when you're setting it, you know, this process up of warming up your database, getting it out to them, running a mock deal, and that whole process. We talked about it on the two-day and we continue to to chat on it, but it's really an important uh piece of that puzzle. um as you you've set everything else up um and now you're getting to this point where okay uh I'm in the cycle now of finding deals, analyzing them, writing offers, finding deals, analyzing them, writing offers. And that's pretty much you go into this cycle of four and five, four and five, right? Where you've taken a market trip, but you're in this cycle of finding deals, analyzing them, writing offers until until you get one locked up. But we have to make sure that we're ready to go with that capital foundation because in order for you to actually get one across the finish line, as you know, the brokers are going to start asking questions and we talked about that over the two-day. Um, but I wanted to kind of allude to that the steps necessary to do that. Um, so let me pull this up. So they kind of typed this up before we got on here. All of you know about the business setup, you know, getting the CRM and the websites and all of that in place. Um, that's going to help you step into this identity as a multif family investor in addition to what you currently do for a living. So, that's part of that. So, you have an official business, official company, official bank accounts, you have a CRM that has 30 people in it that people you know. Uh, whether they have any money is completely irrelevant. It's just 30 people you know, and those people know people who know people. It's amazing. It's never a lack of resources. It's always a lack of resourcefulness. And it was a great quote I learned years ago. They said, listen, it is never a lack of resources. It is always a lack of resourcefulness. It's people just saying, "Oh, I can't do that. Oh, that can't be done. It could be done. You just have to think of another way to do it." It's always thinking, "Okay, whatever it takes." The WIT, it's being resourceful versus just kind of giving into what it is as it is today. But yeah, having the website, the CRM, have people in it, realizing that people know people that know people, uh, the email, the domain. Um, I don't know how many of you did actually, and I know that the Koi and Sherpa, they can help set this up. How many people have the what's called I guess with texting, right? Being able to text out of your CRM using the ATP registration. How many have done that yet? I know that um, a couple of you have. Yeah, Brian has. I know that um &gt;&gt; as I have &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know Jason has. I know Bryant has or is in the process of it. &gt;&gt; Process. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um Yeah. And Koi and Shrooper will help you guys do this. All that means is uh under, you know, federal regulations. Now, you have to get a little simple ATP registration. It's kind of a pain in the ass, but you have to do it so that way you can text out of your system to your database to people. Um, otherwise you can do emails out of there. So that's why you get your email domain set up and all that inside of the CRM and KOA and Sherpa from um, our backend can help you do that. But once all that's in place and you have that set up, um, you know, getting the bank account and the business cards, I don't even think you need business cards any anymore. I use, um, you know, the digital business cards. Everybody does now, but that's what I use. And then it goes through your mock deal, right? The mock deal that we've been talking about and the steps to do that, right? You're analyzing a deal and it's you kind of get to this point where, okay, I'm going to go and run this deal as though I got it. I'm going to analyze it. I'm going to back into a number that makes financial sense and I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to put this baby together. I'm going to do a pitch deck. I'm going to set up the landing page, right, that's specific to the deal. I'm going to go do a little 5 10 minute summary video on Loom. Um, you know, we were just talking about that earlier today. Uh, is anybody familiar with Loom? Loom.com. Loom. Loom M. Loom M. It's free. It's free. Go set up a free account. And you can do screen sharing videos just like I'm doing right now. And that's how I did my pitch deck, right? Is I did my summary video by just sharing the pitch deck and spending about 5 10 minutes going over the highlevel items on that pitch deck. And that was my summary video. And then that summary video can very very easily embed it into your landing page on the back end of the website. So that way you have this nicely put together package. Then now the most important thing is emailing it out, right? Emailing it out to the database um and asking them who they may know. Um I even just put one together the other day. Uh let me see if I can pull this thing up. I always love our our chat GPT. See if I can find it here. Hold on one second. &gt;&gt; Hey Justin, while you're looking for that, um, quick question with the mock deal. So, are you using that for experience to to get used to how to set up the deal and all that kind of stuff, or are you actually sending it out with the understanding that like, hey, this is this is what I do. You might not be investing in this deal, but it's things like this or like like how far is the mock deal go to real life conversations? &gt;&gt; Yeah. All the way through, you're just not going to close on it. [laughter] meaning you're not going to actually get a lender and and go through the no title, no escrow, right? But yes, the purpose of doing that is exactly what you just said. Number one, how to go through the exercise of setting up and marketing the deal. That's number one. Number two is to warm up your database because right now does how many people in your database know that you're trying the multif family world, &gt;&gt; right? I mean, in in mine, I have a decent amount, but yeah, I haven't talked to them about any deals or about getting soft commitments or anything like that. &gt;&gt; So, so the the people that are in your CRM right now, are they in there currently? &gt;&gt; Some of them are a few. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. You want to make sure you know, take the time. You can you can bulk import into it if you want through a CSV file. As long as you have name, email, phone number, you can bulk import and then you can tag them inside of there um as investor and or you can even subtag them even further if you want to uh be able to organize them more. Um because yeah, if I sent it out to those 30 people and if I called them and I said, "Hey, what does an OC do for a living?" What would they probably tell me? I mean, most of them would probably say I'm a web developer or something, but a few of them would know that I that I do real estate. So, &gt;&gt; right. But would they see you as a multif family investor? &gt;&gt; Probably not. &gt;&gt; Right. So, that's why we want to do it because in addition to you accepting this identity, we need other people to attach to that as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's really really important for that because once they once they accept to that then it's much easier to um get them in the future to um to want to invest with you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes sense. And the other question I've always thought about was that, you know, there's always there's these regulations or whatever the 506b and all C and stuff, &gt;&gt; but really if if I'm like, who do you know? and they introduce me to somebody, I can I'm still talking to them, developing relationships. Maybe it's not about a specific deal, but it's about a future deal that I'm going to be working on. That's totally fine, right? I mean, &gt;&gt; yeah. No, and you're you can talk to them about a deal if you know them, like if you have a connection or if you're connected with them. Um, ultimately what the SEC is trying to avoid, just, you know, from a high level, is they're trying to avoid you going out there pitching a deal on social media or on YouTube with all the deal terms, right? Grave detail. Meaning, like if you went out there and you went on social media and you literally said this on social media, hey everybody, I got this 24 unit apartment building in Cleveland, Ohio. Few quick points on it. I'm buying it for this projected returns if you invest with me are 15 to 18%. Right? You're going to get this amount of depreciation. [laughter] That you can't do that, right? Because what they're what they're trying to avoid you is is is getting some random person out there that is not sophisticated at all uh to come in and give you 50 grand and you take grandma's last 50k and you lose it. &gt;&gt; That makes sense. &gt;&gt; That's what that's what they're trying to avoid, right? They're trying to avoid another American Greed show. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And um and that's why. But can you can you have conversations like if I send this out to 30 people and those 30 people respond to me and say, "Yeah, you know, I know um I know a couple people I can send this to. I'll send this to it." No different than this. I mean, this is literally an email almost to the tea that I would send out. Hey, so and so, right? Subject would be, hey, quick look 24 unit deal. That'd be my subject line. You know, hey John, wanted to quickly share a multif family opportunity we're closing on in Cleveland, Ohio. You notice the tone in that like I'm closing on it with or without you. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; That's the tone. Uh this is a 24 unit apartment building located at blah blah blah blah. A few quick highlights on it. Purchase price, unit count, projected closing date, returns, uh year one bonus depreciation. More info in a short video. You attach the link in there. Here's the pitch deck attached. This is a strong Cleveland multif family opportunity with attractive blah blah blah blah blah. Take a look when you get a chance. Can you send it to anyone you may know that could have interest? Notice how I'm not asking them. &gt;&gt; Hey John, can you do you have 50k you want to throw out this thing? Right? I'm asking them can you send this to somebody? Do you know anybody you may be able to send this to? Right? You could rephrase that a bit, but best Justin. That's the concept. Because when you send that out, it's going to do two things. Number one, all the people in that database are going to go, "Holy I didn't know was buying apartments." Because now it's like real. Like, cuz what's going to you're going to send this out and your email signature is going to have your name, your website, what you're doing. They're going to click on all this stuff. They're going to see a very professional pitch deck. They're going to see a landing page that's put together. They're going to see your website that's put together. It's almost kind of like your introduction, right? because you kind of been doing it in secret for a while and now it's like your coming out party. That's the purpose behind it. Because the minute I started to do that and not hide behind it, uh people started opening up like people that I never even thought were coming out of the woodwork, you know, saying, "Oh, I could do that. Oh, I can invest in this. Oh, I can make that happen. Oh, I'm very interested in that. Why don't you when you when you have another deal, can you send it my way?" You know, the next one. Kind of like Kurt was just saying. Um, and I didn't start even hiding it from my clients at some point because I was, you know, dealing with some very wealthy clients selling their houses in La Hoya, California and Delmare and Ranch of Santa Fe and and they started seeing this and all of them own apartments. They just didn't know I did. So, the minute I started sharing that, they were like, "Oh, I didn't know you were buying apartments. I thought you were just a realtor, Justin." So it automatically switched the game in their mind as to what I was doing and then kind of almost kind of leveled me up to that, you know, that level to where now they were highly interested in learning more. And whether or not they were investing in it or sharing it with people, um I was never asking anybody for the money. It was always simply of letting them know about something. But yeah, doing a mock deal because this is what'll happen. You'll send this out. You'll have conversations with maybe, you know, 10 or 15 of those 30 people and they'll say, "Yeah, you know, I sent it off to John and Joanne and so forth. Thanks so much." And you keep me in mind. And then other people would say, "Oh, you know, I sent it off to so and so and I'm just curious like, are you looking for other investors, too?" And I'll be like, "Yeah, I mean, it's open to really anybody." And then they'll ask themselves right into the party. They'll be like, "Yeah, you know, I'm just c like could I get into this thing?" They almost like try and invite themselves in. And I'll be like, "Yeah, absolutely. I just didn't I didn't know that you'd have interest and I didn't want to impose upon our relationship. You know, we have a friendship and a relationship. I just didn't want to impose upon that. Right? I mean, that's kind of the way of kind of um shifting that a bit. So, that way you can answer that question when they ask you because it's going to happen. They're going to wonder like why you didn't ask them and then the the the pure answer back to that. So, I just didn't want to impose upon our friendship, right? We have a relationship. I don't want to go around just asking people for money everywhere. But, I figure you may know a few folks. you know, I'm going to be closing on this thing. I'm trying to make it happen. And then about 3 weeks later, you're just going to send it out saying, "Hey, thanks so much for everybody's interest uh for getting involved. We decided to pull away from the deal. We found some things out during escrow that were not attractive and it's not a good opportunity. So, we're going to, you know, make sure we preserve everything and fight on for the next one. Thanks for your time." So, that's I mean, that's it. And then now they're warmed up because you know a month later when that next deal comes through that's a real one now you're not having to go just chase your tails from day one. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that's great. Thanks. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that clears it up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's kind of like it's Yeah. It's almost kind of like your coming out party because you may have been kind of letting people know a little bit, but people really need to understand that you've accepted this identity and you're doing it. Um and you can do it in cahoots with what you're already doing. Um, I think people we we try and hide it behind what we're what we think we're already supposed to be doing and then we we're going to just be kind of the secret investor until it actually happens, right? So, and you kind of need to go ahead and step into that now. Um, and almost like speak it into existence because it will happen. Yeah, it will happen. Um, yeah. So, I want to kind of show you guys this email because that's very very similar email would go out. you probably have a little more thorough thorough um email signature on there. But that's the concept. Very short, sweet, concise, &gt;&gt; just letting them know some deal terms and then hey, you know, do you know anybody you can send this to? Because what'll end up happening is these people are going to open this thing up. They're going to look at it. They'll forward it off to maybe some people they may know, but they're going to look at it for themselves first. Guaranteed. Guaranteed. Because everybody's interested. Like everybody's interested. I mean, I open up emails even if I'm not even in the market, just cuz I want to see stuff. because real estate's interesting to people. So beautiful. &gt;&gt; Justin, yeah, I have a question. &gt;&gt; Yeah, regarding the 30 contacts that we want to create, which I'm starting that uh unfortunately most of those contacts uh are actually contacts through Facebook, which other than that I wouldn't have contact with them. So obviously I don't have their email information. So how does one get go about uh uh getting the email information from those individuals? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh do you have a do you have a means to reach out to Yeah. Do you have a means to reach out to them through Facebook? &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, I do. I mean I some of them I &gt;&gt; sure &gt;&gt; you know Yeah. They're Facebook friends, you know. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The point is like out of the blue I'm asking for email. How would that work? &gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah, honestly, I think we get in our head too much about that. I would just shoot him a quick little DM saying, "Hey, John, I'm updating my database. I'm updating my database real quick. I want to make sure I have the correct email for you." &gt;&gt; You know, what is your best email? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And most of them will give it most of them will give it to you. Um most may not, but okay, then I don't want to talk to you anyways. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um Right. &gt;&gt; But most will. Yeah, most will. I think we get in our own head about that. if you ask it in a nice way, but that's how I would ask it. You know, hey John, I'm just updating my my database. I want to make sure I have your best email question mark. I mean, real simple. And most people be okay. &gt;&gt; Hey, I'll Brian, here it is. You know, give it to you that that way. um &gt;&gt; you know the landing page for that mock deal. Uh does it make sense that uh we're currently trying to contact uh Koya and right now I'm actually in contact with Shepra Shipra &gt;&gt; Shipra. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And but Koya uh is there any contact information because I can't get through him. He doesn't he didn't provide any like uh sheepra. Yeah. Yeah. In the back end, &gt;&gt; yeah, he should have an email above his link in the back end. Um, it should is it not there? &gt;&gt; I saw I got one for when you said in the back and you're talking about in your uh &gt;&gt; Yeah, in in that business in a box section where the vendors are at, right? Where you &gt;&gt; see an email, right? &gt;&gt; Unless it's embedded. I didn't notice it. &gt;&gt; Is that in &gt;&gt; Yeah, double check it again. I'm going to let Kevin know &gt;&gt; and see if um &gt;&gt; maybe it's in there. I just didn't see it. But &gt;&gt; yeah, I'll have it updated in there. I thought it was. Yeah, I thought it was, but we'll make sure it's in there. I'm going to give it to you here so you have it, but then um &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; I'll put it in the chat here for you real quick and then I'll make sure. or I thought it was in the back end, but if it's not, we'll make sure it is. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just know even a WhatsApp WhatsApp &gt;&gt; contact, but not that either. That one you try to go through Fiverr. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's a bizarre way of you have to I don't know what they're doing, so I just &gt;&gt; Right. Got it. Yeah. So, you can take that email. I'll just put it in the chat for you and then uh I just messaged Kevin to make sure it gets up in the back end. &gt;&gt; So, we'll get that handled. &gt;&gt; Okay. I just uh regarding that landing page for that is that something that would make sense that while we're in discussion with them and discussing what they can do for us uh to have that instead of the three pages have the four pages have a landing page that's always readily available there for for any type of deal to do a presentation even if it's just for just for educational purposes having something there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So people can see the structure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You can almost kind of kind of see a case study. That's how I would see it. It's kind of like a &gt;&gt; case study. &gt;&gt; Case study deal. Um you can absolutely do that. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. People people will generally see your structure &gt;&gt; and how your deals and they can even look at a the sample pitch deck and so forth, right? The it's a method for people to get comfortable with you &gt;&gt; because there's only two things you need for people to invest with you. &gt;&gt; Number one, it has to be a deal that makes financial sense. We all know that. Number two is I got to like you and trust you, &gt;&gt; right? I have to believe that if I give you $25,000 or more. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You're going to do everything in your power to get me the money back and hopefully a profit on top of that, but at least get me my money back, you know? And so that trust takes a little bit of time to build, which is why we start that upfront now. And you're not trying to do that while you're in the midst of trying to close on a real deal because then then you're like me on my first one where I didn't do all of that like pre warm-up. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; I had all the business in a box stuff. So I had like pre- stuff, but I didn't never do the this kind of mock deal capital foundation stage. it would have lo it would have helped me because you know we had to raise 900 grand in in you know like 28 days. Um and of course I'm running at 100 miles an hour trying to figure that out. Uh thank god the deal made great sense and I just blasted it out to my small database of about 30 plus people and half of them responded and we just got on and chatted about it and it worked, you know. Um, so but yes, I would highly recommend this is the warm-up process to kind of introducing you so people can start to attach attach that identity that you're not just X anymore. &gt;&gt; You're X plus this, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. Just one last thing then &gt;&gt; is that yesterday at the at the workshop it was uh brought to our attention that there was a module that was possibly missing which I think it was Uh, I think it was called mindset something or &gt;&gt; correct. It should been the Yeah, it should should be the the business planning and mindset uh tile. &gt;&gt; There we go. Yeah, that said. I don't I don't think I have that. I think that's something that was &gt;&gt; missing from our &gt;&gt; Yeah, let me see if because uh Kevin said he added that into everybody that was there, but let me double check. &gt;&gt; Oh, I still had a count of 12. Maybe maybe it's in there. Let's see. &gt;&gt; Does anybody else want that, by the way? I have a I created it. I think you I think you guys have it. I'm almost positive. But if if you don't Yeah, &gt;&gt; but I don't I don't see it either. &gt;&gt; Um it's a thumbnail tile in your back end. If you go into your portal under join a course, it's a thumbnail. It says business planning and mindset. It's a thumbnail for that. So, um, &gt;&gt; yeah, I don't I don't have it either, Jeff. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't see it. &gt;&gt; I'm looking. &gt;&gt; Should should I course count B13 because I showed 12. &gt;&gt; Uh, I haven't counted them to the exact amount. I'd have to look at yours, but uh &gt;&gt; Well, I mean, it should be at the, you know, at the top of my courses gives the count there. So anyway, yep, I'm putting that in there just as a note for myself. Um, so yeah, let's take a look at this Dina Towers deal real quick. This is a 30 unit that uh Chattton is looking at right now. They're currently priced at $3 million. and we're going to kind of walk through this briefly as to where it's at and um what's going on with since Cincinnati, Ohio, she's coming in with 35% down currently to see how that works. Uh $250,000 renovation budget, so a little under 10,000 bucks a unit. 1967 property, 6% closing cost, interest rate at 6.5%, which is right in line with where it's at today. And then she's got your unit mix here. Um, I'll zoom up on this so you can see it. Uh, unit mix here. So, it looks like you got mostly twos and threes. You got 8 ones. Mostly twos and threes. Uh, one bedrooms are 900 and some change. And then you got twos and threes at between,00,400. You're going to bump those up. Not a huge bump on Yeah. See, I always like to see more than that if you're going to put in renters. We'll see what the um the return on cost looks like for us in a second cuz she's going from 1482 ChatN um to 1550 1278 to 1350. So, it's you know, not even a $100 bump, right? Um which you you'd like to see more than that when you're going to be doing a decent rena. It just depends on we have to look at that and dig in. Uh expense ratios look good, you know, for this age of property between 47 to 50% overall. That's definitely in alignment with where it should be on a deal like this. Uh taxes, insurance, maintenance, repairs, all of that look good. Um small payroll and stuff in there, but the overall expense ratios are are good. Management fees, reserves, all of that are great. And then um she's got the uh vacancy and credit loss which is is fair 10% for the future. So debt coverage ratios are nice. You know those are in alignment. Um and then you can kind of see how the return on cost down here which it's not an absolute. I mean you don't need to this one doesn't have to be green everybody. you you would like it to be, but you know, you don't want to overimprove a property, right? Meaning you put too much into it, you're not getting anything out. Um, so I'd definitely like to see this in double digits. But the IRRa is real close. That's right there. Equity multiple is nice. Cash on cash is nice. Um, are we refinancing? We are not refinancing. Okay, so we're going to hold this thing. No refinancing. Um, [clears throat] let me zoom out here. So, that all looks good. Uh, kind of putting it into the years. This all looks good. Um, yeah. So, your cash on cash is it kind of starts off slow and then ramps up. It's pretty fair. And then your levered IRRa. So see what the waterfall looks like. So chat, you're going to do a 7525 split between you and investors and you're bringing in 10% of the money, 90% from others, offering an 8%. Um, got it. Yeah, cuz you see how that's kind of starts to get in the red and stuff a little bit. Um, so make it a little tough. Uh Jason, are you familiar with this property and location? &gt;&gt; No, I'm not. I don't know where their What's the name of the street? Applegate. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Applegate. Yeah. Um wonder what this would look like. I'm going to I'm going to tweak something here. Ch. I'm going to put that at 30. Put this at &gt;&gt; Yeah. I probably don't need as high of a repair budget. Um 20 of the units are renovated, 10 are remaining. &gt;&gt; Yep. But you see you see what h you see what happens if we come in here and just put 30% down &gt;&gt; and then we we adjust the rena budget bring it down a bit to 150 um to see what we can get done. Um is it is it in relatively decent shape? I mean um in order to get these bumps because it's not much of a bump, right? You're going from 929 to 960 um 1160 to 1250, you know, you're just kind of bumping it 90 bucks, 80 bucks, stuff like that. Can you do that if you just did some nice refresh or what do you think the units need to get that? &gt;&gt; So 20 of the units have already been rened and that the current rents are reflecting 20 of the units already having higher rents because they're renovated. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Um so the value ad is really just the remaining 10. And if I renovate those, then I could probably I pretty much took like the highest rents that the renovated units are getting right now for the performer rates. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. So, uh so you only need to renovate 10 more units. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But then the other thing is um the roof age I'm not sure about. So I didn't want to under you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. But do you think you may be able to get some credits and stuff if you actually got this deal into contract that you could get some credits and stuff? Maybe even E even if it's not for the full amount, some of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But if I So if I have because if I have to do 10 units and I'm doing like 15,000 a unit &gt;&gt; or in that case, I mean, yeah. What What do you think needs to be done? If you were to just read it off, what would you do? Um like the flooring, uh kitchen, cabinets, um &gt;&gt; the countertops. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Bathroom. &gt;&gt; Does it need Does does it need to be granite or or quartz or can it be like for mica countertops? &gt;&gt; Um yeah, this isn't like a really I mean it's not a class A neighborhood or anything. So I don't think it has to be granite or anything any really nice finishes. So you could do a nice ver for mica and then do a, you know, sink and a nice, you know, gooseeneck faucet and stuff on it. &gt;&gt; Okay. Because that would save you some money there from an undermount sink and doing the cutting and everything of a uh, you know, the quartz tops and all that. I understand it looks nicer. I get it. Um, it's just trying to get the right dollar figure out of it. So um, okay. But yeah, and then you could leave some money for the exterior, some landscaping, but 150 that's fine. We'll leave it at that. and kind of see what happens. But with that in mind and you putting 30% down on 26, you can start to see what starts to happen to your numbers here. They get a little bit better. And then your return on cost is real close to being in the green just based on making that simple adjustments. I'd change nothing else other than, hey, we're only going to put 30% down. So that's less cash out of pocket, right? um it still allows you to do the deal and then cash on cash improves because it's less cash out but it's still enough down to get the deal and then your debt coverage ratio that works right still good. Um so you could probably get away with that on that. Um and then because you're raising the money not through the loan, you're doing it straight equity. Um, yeah, and your numbers look a lot healthier here. And then you go to your proforma. Um, that's great. And then your waterfall. See how these numbers start to look better here for your investors and you &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and then what you could do to make it a little better is make it a 6% prep, right? And then I'd go to an 8020. So that way you can still get a nice healthy return, but making sure see because the property is producing right around um you know it's it's a decent cash on cash but you see that that's at 8.64. I want you to be able to get some cash flow too as a GP. So see what happens here when you're looking at your cash on cash. You have 4.7 then it's jumping up to five but then it's really getting going right. So, but I want to make sure you're producing enough cash to pay that preferred return. And it doesn't start to really get there until, you know, you're going to pay some, right? You're going to kind of you're going to run a little bit of a balance until you may even do a refi, right? It's possible you come into year two or year three and four. You could refinance the property then. Um, let's look at that. Let's just see what happens. Let's say um I'm going to presume you're getting no interest only on your your your acquisition, but then you come to refi. We're going to say yes to a refi. We're going to refy year three. I'm going to do um 6% and years of interest only. I'm going to do uh three. Okay. And so now we're in an IO period, which is great. Your cash on cash changes a bit. Um, but let me look at this on the proforma. See, you're going to pull out a chunk of cash here. Um, and and repay back almost 700 $740,000 of a million. So people are going to get almost 70% of their money back right around year three. when you refinance it. You see that chat now? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So that Yeah. So I mean you're going to you're going to um and so if I come over here to the waterfall, if you kind of look at the cash flows here and I'll zoom up on this. If you look at the cash coming out that's distributable. Okay, let me kind of watch this. So a million7 goes out right to buy the property. You you're producing 50k there. that's going to barely it won't quite pay your preferred returns. You have a balance that carries over and a balance here, but then you pay it all out here. Plus, you you reduce the balance, right, that you owe investors. So, now you're really pumping. And I understand that the cash on cash may drop, but I mean, think about it. If if investors can go get you almost $700,000 back of their initial investment, that's, you know, almost 70% of their money back in year three. Um, and then you write it and you maybe years later you do it again and take them all out and then now you own this 30 unit completely yourself. Um, that's the way to go and they're still getting a good return. Like I would almost look at it like that. You don't have to make that decision right now, but I would definitely play that scenario where you know this deal does work if you know you could come in and you know you're not drastically off their asking price but you know that 26 number seems like a fair number like a fair number. &gt;&gt; And if you could do that yeah go ahead. Uh, sorry. Does it matter um on the inputs page that the equity multiple is less than two because on the waterfall it's greater than two. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm not worried about it here as much. I really care about it on on the uh on the waterfall page. And that's just basically the discrepancy between um investor money and property money because you're going from property level down to investor level. So, it can change, right? Can change at that. So, I'm not too concerned with that. I really what I care about is making sure we have enough cash, right, being produced and that your returns are healthy enough. So, &gt;&gt; okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's how I would look at this thing is I would come in and, you know, you don't have to refi it, but I'd consider it as an option as part of the business plan. And if the market's better, I mean, heck, I mean, what if you're able to hit interest rates of 5.5 at that time and it's interest only for most of it. I mean, now you're, you know, you start pumping some money out of this thing pretty quick. Um, closing cost there, five and a half, if I get to five. Wonder what that looks like. Yeah. So, now your cash on cash really pumps. Your returns get very healthy for everybody. Um, so, uh, yeah, that would be the play. I mean, if you could pick that thing up at 26 with all the other numbers you've input correctly, um, it could work. It could totally work. Uh, any questions from anybody else kind of see how I how I kind of looked at that and kind of walking through it. &gt;&gt; Sorry, I &gt;&gt; mean, ultimately, you're &gt;&gt; I have another question. um for the sale cap because with interest rates being high right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Are the cap rates um a bit higher? Like would you expect the caps to drop a &gt;&gt; to compress if uh interest rates are going down? &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Especially if interest rates hit a 5%. Right. If if if you get back to interest rates at 5% or anywhere kind of right around there um for this type of property, then yes, you will see cap rates compress. So that six could go like a 58 or even a 55, but it starts to make a big difference, right? I mean, look at that. Like what happens to your IRRa, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Well, because right now, &gt;&gt; sorry, right now like current cap rates in the market are around 7%. So, what should I &gt;&gt; what should I write for the cap rate? &gt;&gt; I would I would Yep. I would use six. &gt;&gt; I would use six. I mean, that Yeah, I mean that that's a fair because they are high right now. They've been high for the last few years as things adjust. Um, but getting it down to a six cap rate if interest rates drop, uh, because it happens pretty quick for the same reason that it happens quick when it goes the other way, meaning like down. It happens pretty quick when it comes back up. I mean, all it's going to take is seeing interest rates down into the mid to lower fives and it it happens fast. I mean, people can pay more for properties, hence the reason cap rates will start to compress because they can get cheaper money to go do it. So, yeah, I don't think you're out of line uh at a 6% cap. I would not underwrite it at anything less than that right now. Right? And even if you stress test this thing, let's say this goes to 6.5, right? Right? Let's say you're at 6 and 12 cap on your sale, right? Then you're at a property level of 1617. You're still making money, right? It's not like the end of the world. Uh it's not nearly as great as, you know, you'd like it to be, but you're still paying everybody their money back. You're still making some cash flow. It's still a deal that makes sense even if the cap rates were there. You see how you can kind of stress test it like that &gt;&gt; is I can come in here and just change those cap rates and do that and let's say I mean because let's say like you said cap rates are seven right now but maybe they only go to six and a half by the time I sell it six years from now. I mean I would be a little shocked but you know wouldn't be totally surprised. Um, a knock. Brian, you guys, does this make sense? You kind of seeing so far. &gt;&gt; I know Jason, you've looked at the this a bunch and Bryant. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes sense. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; What was that? &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. I was just going to uh ask I must admit that uh I've always been a little bit lacking on the on the how the investor return was handled and I and and I got I got more of an education this past couple days. So would by my understanding be correct that at times that the what you need for the investor return is going to exceed the the cash flow the monthly cash flow that occurs at times. &gt;&gt; Uh correct where you don't have enough cash flow to pay them. &gt;&gt; Is that occurring in this case? &gt;&gt; It is in the beginning. In the beginning, right? um which which is not yeah it's not terribly uncommon &gt;&gt; when you're buying a property for the first year or so &gt;&gt; for it not to have the cash level because you're you're trying to improve it right &gt;&gt; to have the cash level to pay that preferred return but you're going to acrue it like you'll pay some right you're going to pay some um &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; you just may not be able to meet the entire preferred return amount uh so that's where a refinance event can come in all that stuff can come in Okay. And that's what this unpaid preferred uh line handles all the shortcomings and keeps it tabulated all the &gt;&gt; short Yeah. See like right Yeah. See like right here like if you look at this here, &gt;&gt; right? We only have 50K like cash &gt;&gt; but we need to pay 57, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But our balance is going to be that, right? You see how that balance gets put right there? Well, that gets added over here. &gt;&gt; So the next year we we got to pay 65. But we only have 54. So now we have a balance of 10. Like gets added over here. Now you have the refi event, right? Refi event wipes it all out, pays it all. And we reduce the balance owed to the investors because we've paid back principal as well, &gt;&gt; right? Okay. &gt;&gt; That now it benefits everybody because I mean what I've learned in all of this and kind of doing this is that um listen, the worst call you ever want to have to make is the call of Hey guys, I've lost all of your money, like all of your principal, everything. A tough call, but an okay call is, "Hey guys, everything's going okay, but I can't distribute right now because I need to protect the property and protect your money and our money, and we have to make sure we get reserves in place so we can distribute, right?" Like, that's that's an okay call because investors understand that. They may not be happy with it, but they want to obviously protect that principal first, right? First, and they understand that, hey, you got to protect cash flows first, then you can pay us. So, I get it. So, that's just an important thing for you to understand is um obviously people would love for things to work out perfectly, but if they don't, they need to understand that you're doing everything you can to protect the property until the cash flows get to the point you can. So, yeah. Awesome, guys. Well, that's all I have for today. I'm glad we kind of got to go over that stuff. Any specific questions on kind of what you're seeing, hiccups, um, bottlenecks that I can help out with um, before the next week? And then, how many of you think you'll make it to Dallas at the end of July? &gt;&gt; I'll be here. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, I love this. &gt;&gt; Hey, I said I just registered while we were sitting here. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Oh, is there a registration link for that? &gt;&gt; You know, we do. We have uh you can come now to our website. I think it's in there now. Um &gt;&gt; it's in the events tab &gt;&gt; or correct. So, &gt;&gt; right. Oh, and and it's in there too. We have it back in your back end. That's number one. Number two, you can come to the events page on the website and we have the events. We have the events page here. You can see the events list. So July is right here for the Dallas, Texas one. You can register for it. And right here, just put in your info and that'll submit. We'll obviously verify that you're in the community, which you are, and then um we'll let you show up. So &gt;&gt; yeah, that's all in there for you. But yeah, it should be a lot of fun. We're looking forward to it. Should be a good good event. We're gonna we're gonna have a nice little tour bus set up and um we're going to have gosh, what else we're going to have? We're going to have couple brokers. We'll um we'll probably have a few more brokers than we had on the Charlotte trip and maybe even see some little larger deals um and get our capital guys and stuff because Charlotte was a great event. Uh we're going to try and make Dallas a little bit bigger. Um and see some more deals and have some more, you know, probably about double the size. So maybe two little mini buses driving around. So it should be a good time. It's Dallas. Everything's bigger in Texas. &gt;&gt; So awesome everybody. Well, have a great rest of your evening. Um and let me know if you guys need anything. Okay. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Justin. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thanks, guys. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Yep.