Testing. One, two, three. Hello. Hello. Hello. How's everybody doing? Everybody doing? Good. Come on in. Happy Taco Tuesday. Richarder, how are you? See you in here. I'm well. I'm well. And you, Justin? How are you doing? Well, I see Tony. We got Robbie, Bruce. Good to see you all. Come on in. And I think um Angelica should be joining us. I was going to underwrite her deal that she had sent. U we'll see if she pops in here in just a minute. Uh, I'll kind of share it with all of you too and then we'll kind of walk through it. Then yeah, try and mute yourself if you can. Uh, everybody have a good uh holiday weekend. Do anything exciting barbecues. Robbie, how are you doing? Good. Uh, Justin, doing good. Were you out in San Diego or are you elsewhere? No, no, I stayed in Phoenix. Stayed put in Phoenix. Yeah. Is it getting nice and warm uh out there? Beautiful. It's about 105 already. So, we're lo we're loving it. Wow. Oh, good think about that. That's hot. That's uh that's definitely starting. That's That's cooking time as we call it. It is getting toasty. Uh well, at least you didn't have any flash floods on your apartment buildings like me last night. Yeah. That That's true. Part part for the course. Where was it in Yeah, they had some really bad rain in Texas last night and it came through. There was tornado warnings and it dropped like three inches of rain in like 30 minutes. Um, so it was it was pretty pretty crazy. Well, perfect. Every time there's bad weather, my Airbnb there gets filled up. So, I'm not praying for bad weather, but And why why is that? It's just basically it's around Houston area. So, there's a storms, insurance claims. So, Oh, interesting. So, you hope for storms then. Is that what you're trying to tell me? Uh again, yeah, I just want people to be safe and I want my Airbnb to fill up for the next six months. So, beautiful. I love it. But yeah, let me share my screen and I'm going to kind of walk through this deal. Um and you know, how we look at the numbers and stuff and see how it will compare to, you know, what you guys would do. This is a little 12unit deal. nothing crazy, but um I'll show the financials, then I'll show the I'll share the OM as well. So um Angelica's looking at this one right now. This one's in the Miami, Florida area. Um I'll go ahead and go through the OM first before I share the financials on it. And uh it could be I mean something if any of you are interested down in that area could be interested. She she's in that market specifically, but this one's uh represented by Keller Williams commercial little 12 unit deal and built 1957. Building area, lot area, some of the water heater information, exterior fencing, roof type. Um, seems to be in a a decent little pocket. I mean, I always like that and I like single family. Um, so one of the kind of little caveats I always like to look for is if you look at the aerial on any of these deals. Um, and you see a multifamily abudded by single family homes and zones around it, uh, that's a good sign. We like that. Uh, versus it being all commercial or all industrial around you. That's not a good sign. So you like to but you look at this area, you're going to see the single family across the street and I guarantee there's more over here. and so forth. So, that's a that's a good sign. Some of the interior photos, I mean, nothing fancy. Just got some tile. Uh, you know, they've done some basic upgrade type stuff. Looks like they have the condensers up on the roofs. Um, yeah, very, very basic property, but I mean, it's got potential. It really actually does. It just needs to be nicely cleaned up um and repainted and reset, but it could be a super nice little property. um one one look like they got one bedroom, one baths, a couple studios. So that's the makeup. So it's not um not two bedrooms or anything like that. Uh they're showing the current rents uh total for the Wait, is that for the year? Yeah. So then 247,000 total uh income, other income added in some operating expenses. Um, what is that total expenses on? That's a really low expense ratio. That 81,000 on the total expenses to the uh effective gross income. That's a really low expense ratio. You'd normally like to see or not see, but normally you'd see um probably about 120,000 bucks, another 40 grand added onto that, 4550%. Uh, so that's really good if that's the case. If that's accurate, like a tape tells me that that's they got insurance. They don't have any management fees or anything in here. So that this number would change a bit. And then the flyer from the brokers and so forth. So that's the OM. And then plugging it into the deal analyzer. Uh, you know, she put a placeholder price in here of 2 million bucks, 35% down, 12 units. She's got the lot size and age and stuff in here. Interest rate. This would probably, so you know, the team's analyzing this alongside her. This would probably be closer to that 6 and a half% rate or maybe a little bit more. We would see. She's got her revenue and stuff in here. You see how she did bump up the expenses, so that's smart. She came in here and reanalyzed that correctly. Added in management fees, some of these other things in here for taxes and insurance. So, that's closer. That's closer in kind of that low 40s, mid-40s range, but you're definitely playing ball in that. Um, brings the revenue numbers down here. Yeah, I mean, this thing makes some sense. This makes some sense. I'd probably come in here just for uh to stress test it and I'd probably put in five grand. I want to see what this does. That's 42. I'd probably put in 10 grand. I want to get this thing up to like a mid40s. I want to see at what point starts not to make sense. Let's come over here and take a look. So, she's using a 5% cap rate. Um, anybody have questions on the cap rates and kind of, you know, how those what those are, how they're calculated, any of that, um, that I can go over with you all, okay? Cuz I mean, she's using a 5% cap. It's a little rich. Probably a little rich, but I mean, it's it's Miami, so they're probably doing it down there. I'd probably mess around with this thing at a five and a half cap. uh which puts it right around there. Just to kind of see what that would look like um across the board. Let me see if that does that [Music] there. Yeah. So, you got 20% IRRa. Um, but decent cash on cash. You know, they're going to acquire it at around a uh six six cap, take it up to a seven. Ideally, ideally, just kind of food for thought, you always, if you can, you want to take the cap rate up two points from where you buy it at. Meaning if you buy it at a six cap, ideally you'd like to be able to improve the value to an eight cap and then sell obviously sell lower, right? Sell back down at say a five and a half six cap because that's going to really make sure that you're getting awesome value um with the deal with the deal. So just FYI, is that also valid for stabiliz? Uh well, no. So if it's fully stabilized, uh and you're not adding a ton of renovation value to it, then just moving it up say a point or two. So if you bought it at a six, move it to a seven, right? That's sufficient on a stabilized property. Um because there's not a lot of renovation value ad. That's forced appreciation. You're doing it more through operations. So, you can probably bump at a point by doing that. Um, and that that's that's ideal. And then you sell back down when you sell it. Um, you know, at a five and a half five and a half to six cap. So, that would be great. Um, with that repair budget is not is blank. Do you agree with that or for the repair budget isn't entered? Um, um, to make maintenance maintenance and repair. Well, upper left it says repair budget in the box under the summary. Oh, she doesn't. Yeah, she doesn't have a rental budget in here and stuff. Yeah. Well, I'd want to ask her um and this is, you know, I was hoping she'd be on the call here, but I'd want to ask uh Angelica, hey, are you planning to renovate this building? Uh, and I'm presuming one of two things is happening here. Either, let me view in on this thing. I'll zoom in a little bit. either these rents. She's going from 1764 to,900, right? So, it's 130 something bucks. That's a natural bump, meaning you don't have to do anything and you could just get the rents. That's option A. Or is she having to rental this thing? So, I'd want to find out and and ask her, hey, are you planning to rental this thing? If so, we probably want to put, you know, probably about 150 grand in here. You know, do at least 10,000. Although down there in Miami, it's probably a little bit more expensive. I' I'd want to look into the rental cost down there on a per unit basis. My guess is you'd probably be closer to 15,000 a unit um on your rental cost. If you're going to do a nice rena, but once again, you have to make sure that does the market bear that? Does it make sense to do that? Or do you just do a nice little bump in rena incl, you know, improve the exterior? Because I can tell you right now what I'd be doing is I'd be coming in here and fencing that thing in a little bit nicer like from the exterior. Um, looking at this thing, I would come in here from first of all and repaint the whole thing. I mean, that is just horrendous. But I would absolutely repaint the whole thing. I'd change out the windows. that those things are older aluminum. I'd change out all the windows and retrofit the windows. I would turn this entire area here inside the area and do a courtyard. I'd um either if it makes sense to do astroturf or combination inside here for all the kids and stuff for safety and I'd put a little play set in here maybe or a little picnic table and a grill. I just make like a, you know, maybe you don't even do the kids thingy, but you do like picnic tables and you do a grill and stuff like that, uh, and make it really nice inside here. And then I would probably find a way to privatize this somehow. So, you either do that through landscaping or you'd put in a different type of fencing. I don't know the best route for that, but I'd definitely change out my railings and make them a little bit nicer and more modern. I'd bring in iron with the wood uh the wood um uh horizontal wood pallets and stuff on there. And that way you can make this thing really nice um from an exterior standpoint. Make sure it's all secure from security, which it is, it looks like. But that way you could really prop up that interior courtyard, privatize it a little bit, make it nice for the residents, and that would help a lot. and then just change out the windows, repaint the thing, uh, put up LED lighting so it's a thing lights up like a light bulb at night. And you could actually put some signage on it and really prop it up. I'd probably go with a white black theme uh, down there. I'd change it to a white black theme and, you know, modernize it with some woods and stuff on the exterior and make that thing killer. You probably put 50,000 bucks to the exterior and that thing would be pretty sweet. pretty sweet. Um, and that way that would help a lot just in the aesthetics of the property. And then you got to get into the interiors to see, okay, you know, what would you do? I mean, I know what I would do. I'd change out the tile for sure. Um, like this tile and everything. I'd come in here, I'd LED everything. I'd change out all the appliances to probably stainless steel. Do LVT flooring. Um, wall paint stuff's good. All that's fine. probably uh change out the faucets, go to a gooseeneck faucet, probably keep the cabinetry if if it's decent, you know, maybe paint it, but I'd keep it. Um but yeah, clean them up with the flooring and stuff and go LBT and then maybe some nicer mirrors in the bathrooms and stuff. You wouldn't even need that much in these interiors. You're probably you could probably get away with seven 7 to 8,000 bucks max. If you're not I mean if you got appliances that's probably two grand for the appliances and then you got flooring another probably two grand for flooring. Uh so I mean you're less than 10 grand a unit based on what I see. Based on what I see you could probably get away with that. So yeah, I would come in here from that and I would update the numbers and I would then put in there um I'd probably put Yes. So 120,000 plus another 50,000. I'd probably go 170 on my rental budget. That'd give me 50 exterior or 120 in. And I think that would do it. That'd be reasonable. That'd be reasonable. That's going to drop down your cash on cash return as you can see in your IRRa. So, uh, kind of looking at this stuff and then going back over here to your cap rate. I'd probably use a five and a half cap versus a five. And then, uh, you got to drop the price and you'll see it go back up. That number there, great. That number there is good. That number there is good. And that deal makes some sense. Does anybody want to do this deal with Angelica? I mean, it's a decent little deal in Miami. I mean, if the neighborhood's decent, uh, you know, if the neighborhood's decent, it's a decent little 12 unit. Um, you know, she she knows that market. Um, now this is an interesting little one. Um, does anybody else want to evaluate a deal? Don't be shy. not allowed to be. I'm start calling y'all out. Just kidding. I I have one I'm I'm looking. Craig, how are you? Craig, how you Bruce? Yeah, if if you got if you want to look at one, I have one I'm looking at right now. A 20 unit 21. Okay. Huntsville. Yeah, let's do it. Um, probably the easiest way I I can send you an email or how do you want to do it? Yeah. Oh yeah. Why don't you shoot me a quick email and then I'll have the attachments and I'll pull it up. I will do that right now. And I see Le got Myra's in here. Mike, good to see you. Awesome. Joe, pray your Tuesday. I think he's got me on uh head headsets. Oh my very very slow today. It's always slow. Um it's my first uh first meeting with you guys. So yeah. Um I just actually started over the weekend. Um punching away at the the um the website going through some things. So soaking it all in. Have you um have you downloaded the app yet by chance on your phone or no? No, I'm old school so I didn't get that far. No worries. Yeah, that way if you can download the app, you can log in the same way on the app as you can on the computer. Just FYI, so you have that. Um waiting for Bruce's thing to come through. One second. One one question if I could while we're We're waiting for him. Yeah. Um, setting up LLC's. You picked Wyoming and Delaware. Do you have any preference against Alaska? Uh, do not. No. Yeah. As long as it's a, you know, reasonable state that that you like and um it's, you know, cost efficient, then Alaska's totally fine. Yeah. Uh, I'm actually curious. Is there a reason you're picking on this? [Music] Um, yes. I have heard from other people. I've I've um I've been doing I've been doing studying on real estate investing for about a year now, and I've had some other people say that Alaska is even better than Wyoming due to the um past law and upholding of the law with the charging orders. If anything ever happens, it's even better than Wyoming, they say. Is that because you have to travel to Alaska to file a lawsuit or something and nobody would ever do that? I'm curious. No, it's from what I understand the case law is stronger in Alaska from past. Yeah, I'll have to look into that. That's uh super interesting. the charging orders and the protect the the pro the protections have have upheld a lot stronger. My other question is when talking to my lawyer here, I'm I live in Wisconsin. When talking to my lawyer here, he said there's not really a reason that I would have to have a LLC in whatever state I'm purchasing a property. He didn't see any reason. He may not think so, but the banks. I'm wondering what's the reason. No, that's what I'm wondering is is there because he's more along the lines of taxes and we were looking at the protections of everything. Yeah. Um, so the bank would want one set up in that state. Oh, yeah. Keep in mind Yeah, keep in mind an LLC an LLC is doing. I just Yeah, keep in mind um Craig that a LLC is simply a pass through entity. Okay. It's a pass through entity and um so all the revenues, everything coming out of that um is simply going into uh whatever your holding company entity is andor out to your investors. And then even from that entity, the tax purposes, everything always flows back to the state in which you live. Okay? Because it's an LLC. It's it's just a pass through. It doesn't deal with taxes. It doesn't deal with individual taxes, personal taxes, any kind of capital gains, ordinary income, anything. So, at the end of the day, your personal tax liability is dictated on the state in which you live. Okay? So that that's that's the holy grail. I mean that's why I'm dealing with residency in in Las Vegas right now. So um there's you know no state income tax there and you know property taxes are low. Similar to Phoenix although Phoenix you guys in Arizona you have some state income tax right Robbie? Yeah. So um yeah there's just benefits. You just want to look at the state in which you live in because that's where it all flows through and flows back. Um, okay. I know he pulled this thing up real quick. So, let me share it and then we'll kind of chat about it. So, this is a deal that Bruce is looking at right now. And for those that just came on, I just got done um underwriting looking at a deal that Angelica had sent in a little 12 unit in Miami uh that I thought was a pretty decent little deal and analyzed it here on the screen here before you came in. But pretty interesting little little property. And then this is another one that uh Bruce is looking at in Huntsville, Alabama. Huntsville, Alabama. Did you know that Huntsville has the largest concentration of uh PhDs anywhere in the United States? And then people wonder, they're like, "What? Why?" Uh that's the that's the head center for all the rockets. all all the uh you know stuff that goes zoom zoom. So they uh because of that they um a lot of uh a lot of lot of kind of money and education going through there. Um so this is an OM. This is basically what the broker puts together that you can download from the internet or they can send it to you in a pre-market environment. Apollo apartments. Do you want to kind of walk through this Bruce in terms of your knowledge of it? Yeah. Okay. It's uh it's not terribly old. It's it's from 1985. It was built new in ' 85. Um it's 20 two-bedroom, one bath units. It's it's turnkey, although the renovations are nothing special and they've got a few years on them. Um, so it's not getting premium uh market rent, but it's a and it's not even getting market rent right now. They're they're holding off on raising rents um you know, as a uh uh benefit of selling. So, it's close to market rent where it's at right now. It is uh typically 100% occupied as it is now because it's very well situated where it's at and they're representing it as a value ad good cash flowing property as it sits. So, somebody could buy it and just keep going with it the way it is, or somebody could buy it and start improving it with, you know, nicer interior uh renovations and get uh 150 to 200 more per unit per rent. Gotcha. Yeah. Well, because it looks like at least in their rental analysis here, you're you can bump it about 90 bucks. Yeah, about $90 per unit per month in your rents. Um, and you're not having to do any Yeah, you you wouldn't do any renovation to it if if that's all you were bumping it. Um, and then looking at this, um, we got the operating expenses, operating summary. Um, in the email I sent you, there's uh, T12 and, uh, other um, pertinent information, but it's only for this year. And I've asked him for additional for for you know uh financials from last year so I could get because I really wanted to take a hard look at it um instead of you know doing a lot of estimating sure and I haven't received that yet from him. Is that 5% management fee? Is that you think that's reasonable or uh it should for a 20 unit it's probably going to be a blended of eight, you know. So you'd probably run that at six and then with commissions and leasing fees and all that stuff, it really is going to be closer to eight by the time it's all said and done. Um if you know if they're running normal PM type scenarios. But you know what I like about this, just kind of looking at it, Bruce, is you have a pitched roof. Nice. Um, nice little courtyard, good parking, um, you know, backs up to some vegetation stuff. So, just from the aesthetics, uh, the entryways to the property, they have the overhangs there, uh, entering the units. Um, so two, four, six, eight. So, is that like corridors you enter and then you go up to the units, I'm guessing? Yeah. Okay. [Music] Um, but yeah, cool little property. Um, Phil, let's look at this thing real quick. [Music] Um so net operating income based on the T12 is 126 056 and they have a guidance of mill750. So that's a 7.2 cap. Um it's 126056 divided by a million750. Yeah. 72 cap. Um so yeah, I mean I can tell you right now it works just because the interest rates on something like this would probably be, you know, in the mid60s. And if you're buying it at a cap rate above the interest rate, that's a good sign. That's step one. uh we'd have to really throw it into the deal analyzer to to fully look at it. So, if you want to do that and send it over to us like to the team and stuff, you know, by tomorrow. Yes, I'm I'm almost there. Um actually, I sent that to you as well in a second email. It's not complete because again, I was waiting for, you know, the update uh the updated information for expenses, but I'm just going to go ahead and estimate them out and finish it up. Sure. Awesome. Yeah. Let's take a quick peek at this and then we'll do that and take a look at this guy. So, we'll presume we put in their uh kind of their whisper price, right? Their guidance price of a million750 on it. 30% down 20 units. 1985 lot size is there. That's an estimate on lot size because I don't have it. Yeah. We're going to bump up your closing cost here to 6%. That way you have a nice little acquisition fee in there. There's 20 units, onebedroom, one bath, 785. Monthly rent you want to keep at 875. Uh are there two types of units or just one type? No, they're all they're all two ones. All I see that. Okay. And then um what I'll probably do just for simplicity here um what did they say they're I'll put in here I'll use the 6% that's fine. Um, I want to see what they include. Property management fee of 5%. Um, okay. Gotcha. Okay. So, I want to take [Music] minus I'm taking out the management fee real quick. I'm just going to do the gross expenses in here just so we can mess around with it for a minute. Okay. Um, okay. 77. It's going to be 67. Um, 6% man being stol. Okay. Gotcha. So, this should be I'll do five. There we go. Um, so it's about in line. That's probably not too far off on your expense ratio for a 1985 product. Um, he's got other income in here. Let me add this up real quick. So, you got I didn't find their the way they presented their information the easiest to follow. Okay, so they have other income in here 16515. I got that correct. And then it would be similar be similar for this. Okay, then I'm going to add let's just run this thing at 8%. Yes, you're not too far off. Um, yeah, not too far off. And you haven't gotten any lending quotes or anything like that yet, I presume? No. No. So, let me run this at 6.75. I just want to see what happens here. Okay. And then that's their guidance on it, but let's Sorry that I interrupt you also about the vacancy. He mentioned there's no vacant, right? So, what we're doing down here is we're running it at a a 10 and a six just to be a little bit conservative in here. I mean, we could even run it here. We keep 10% uh that includes economic loss. So that that's going to include physical vacancy, loss to lease, bad debt, any concessions you may have to put in play. And every market's different. So you probably could get away with a 6% there. But if you start raising, see, I can guarantee they're undermarket rents because if they were at market rents, you would not be 100% occupied. No property on planet Earth would be. So, you want to push the rents to where you have about a 5% vacancy or in this case like one or two units. Uh, and that lets you know you're at market rents. Um, so you you'd push it up until you hit that threshold to where people are like, e, right? And then that's when you know you're at market and that's running it at like a business. So, in this case, let's say we run it at a 6%. Uh, they don't have any in there, but that's fine. Um I because they had like Oh, they had some vacancy in here. Five lost to lease, lost to gain. So they have it in there. Yeah, they have three three two and a half. Yeah, so they have about 10 11 12%. I think they have about 12 in here. Um one of the brokers I talked to, there are two brokers that are listed on this. um also uh threw out a price of 16 that he thought it Yeah, it it was a a problem. You see how Yeah. You see how I'm backing into it right now? Yeah. So, I'm at a million750 and you see the numbers aren't quite there, but more importantly, your DCR, your debt coverage ratio, which you need to be at a 1.25 or greater. So, you couldn't get a loan on it. Nope. And these are pretty good financials. So what you do is you start doing this if all else if everything else is consistent meaning interest rates are what they are mean maybe you can get it at 6.5 maybe maybe not but let's put it there then at a million675 you're 1.22 22 uh million six you said. Yep. Okay. Yep. The area cap is 6.1. Okay. Yeah. So, you're getting it here. That's good. current cap rate that you're purchasing at 6.8, which is better than market. What I'd probably do is just for fun is I'd throw in just want to see where this thing starts to break. Okay. Yeah. So, you're when you get when you start hitting your expenses right around, you know, let's call it 85 to 95,000. Uh, and right now, you you know, you'd have to jump them up a decent amount even with adjustments. I think you'd be all right. Um, so yeah, I think it's an it's a fair assessment what they're doing here on their proforma. So yeah, I'd offer them a million six all day long. Um, I mean that seems reasonable and then it's just a matter of double-checking your interest rates. So I would analyze this thing, throw in the numbers, but that's not too far off. And then I'd reach out to the lenders in the back end of the system and say, "Hey, you know, this is a stabilized property, just looking to buy it and then improve operations. Um, you know, what kind of loan quote are you seeing for stuff like this?" That's a, you know, a little uh a little 20 unit property in Huntsville, Alabama. [Music] Sorry. Go ahead. you know, that would uh get you an idea of where the interest rates may lie for this type of loan right now because you'd be over a million dollar loan, right? Over a million dollar loan. You may you may because of the occupancy and everything, you may get what's called agency debt. Agency debt meaning Fanny or Freddy May. Mhm. Okay. And because your loan amount's 111, you're occupied over 90%. Decent little 1980 product, you could probably throw agency debt on this thing and you'd be at 6 and a half or lower all day long. I also ran some numbers on, you know, like doing uh from the looks of those units, you wouldn't even have to spend uh I don't know, maybe five to 7,000 per unit to really bring them up nice, you know, to Well, yeah. You just want to make sure you're going to get that. Meaning, well, how far can you bump the rents? Yeah. If if the numbers that they gave me, which I haven't verified though, but if I can raise it, you know, another $200, then that makes this thing look really good. Actually, the returns on that. Well, yeah, because if you can go in for 5k a unit and get $200 bumps, I mean, if that's the mechanism, uh, then yeah, it's gone. Yeah. But but it works as is. I mean, if you can pick it up for a million6, you know, you're you're bringing in I mean, this is a perfect deal because look, your total equity you're raising is 576,000. So, you Bruce, you're going to bring in 57 grand, right? That's the 10%. Mhm. You're going to raise, you know, a little over 500K. You probably do that with five to seven people at between 25 to $100,000 clips. And if you can go to the investors and say, "Hey, I can get you, you know, 17%, in this case it's 19, but say 17% annualized return on your money, you know, and 2.2 equity multiple with a a preferred cash return to you because it's a preferred return of say 7%, you know, and you're producing an 8% cash flow. Um, you'll entice investors in a heartbeat in Huntsville, Alabama all day long. I'm uh I'm heading out there in two and a half weeks. You may want to write the offer before you head out anywhere. I'd like write the offer like tonight if I were you. Okay. Yeah. I mean, because it doesn't hurt you. Keep in mind there's nothing legally binding about that. It's it's a it's an LOI. It's literally as good as the, you know, paper it's written on. All it does I'm uh I'm definitely gonna call them tomorrow morning. They're 3 hours ahead and u I've been in How long How long has it been? How long is this like a pre-market deal right now or is it fully on market? No, it's on Crazy. Okay. Been on a long time. How long has it been on there? Like 30 days. Okay. Yep. May I ask a question? Yes, please. Um can you explain again about the those um those highlighted that you sell cap how we can present it? No on the bottom on the performer um uh the other one the next one. Oh, the other one the IR. Gotcha. So, how you explain to the um investors uh the return of the their money back? I'm a little um still I'm not completely sure how should I explain this to the investors. Yeah. So, you can come what's called the waterfall tab right here. Okay. And let's presume like we said a 9010 split on the equity coming in. So, he's going to bring in 57 grand. Let me zoom in on this baby a little bit. Right. He's going to bring in 57K. He's going to raise 518. You're going to give I' I'd do a 7% prep on it preferred return. And then you're going to split that's 100% until that's met. And then it goes 7030 between LP and GP. LP and GP. And then it's going to do the math down here for you. It's going to show you that the IRRa is close to 16% a year. You'd get a little bit better than that though. Um I think you'd get a little bit better than that. I I think you're closer to 16. So I said about 16. Um and you may be able to even find a way to push that to 17%. Cuz I think uh with your So it means that if they bring 100K to the to the deal, so they're going to get 17 uh,000 or 16,000 in return a year. Uh correct. That's correct. And what that means is like an um it's a combination of cash flow plus appreciation, right? Because that's how the returns go to anybody. It's cash flow, physical cash flow, and then appreciation. So when you refinance or sell that property, you get profits. Yeah. But um when someone that is doesn't know how to read this uh IR so the simple way to explain that okay if you bring 100,000 how he asked me okay how much I going to get in cash yearly per year um so in the simple way should I say that okay you're going to get back um the cash 8,000 or 16,000 right so in this case, you get 30 35. It depends on what their percentage in the deal is, right? But if they're bringing in 100k, that's 20. That's 20% of the deal, right? [Music] So, so yeah, about 7,000 a year. 7,000 a year. So, it's kind kind of 7% their interest. Okay. And then after five years they're going to get and that that's that's just the cash flow. Cash flow. That does not include appreciation. Appreciation also does not include after we sell the property. Am I right? Or or if you refinance it. This is a good play to where in three years from now you refinance the property. Maybe interest rates are lower at that time. You pull cash out. You pay back investors. They get a return of their capital plus their any additional preferred return. and now you own more of the property, maybe you pay them out. So now you take on more of the ownership because of that and then you can continue to own it and continue to cash flow. Okay. Yeah. So that's another option. So you're right around year three, right, is a good time to refinance if it makes sense and the market allows that. Um that would be that would be helpful. All right. Thanks. Um yeah. Yeah, that'd be good on this one. Um, just looking at this. Yeah. And you as a GP, your your annual rate of return is 42% a year. I can accept that. Yeah. And it's actually yours is higher than that because see this is not calculating your acquisition fee, right? So this is a this is a million6 deal. you're going to get a $32,000 acquisition fee. So minus your 57,600 in. So you're really only out of pocket 25 grand. So your actual IRRa is going to be like 67% a year. Can you show us that the acquisition fee here? It's not in here. No, but you would build that in. Uh it's all into your closing cost up here. So, that's why I increased his closing cost because you'd have uh you know 2% say a 30 $2,000 acquisition fee and then the rest would be actual closing title, escrow, lender fees, stuff like that. 2% of the closing cost comes uh 2% of the price. 2% the price comes to the acquisition fee on average. Yeah, it's 2 to 3%. Two to 3%. You try and bake in 3%. But sometimes you don't get that. Sometimes it's two. Kind of depends on the deal. Do you think this one could uh bear a 2 and a half% act fee? Uh it well it probably could. You're just going to have to bring in a little bit more equity because you want to make sure you have all your loan, you know, lender costs and all that stuff in there because you're going to have points fees, other stuff like that. So you just, you know, you just want to work in all those numbers. Hi, it's uh it's Michael. Um so that acquisition fee, is he going to get it right um immediately after closing or correct? Typically, yeah, typically within, you know, 7 days after because keep in mind, you're in control of the entity and so the money comes into the entity after the close, that money would then be uh able to be distributed to you. Okay. Thanks, How about a disposition fee? On the previous call, we had like a 1% on somebody else's deal. How does that factor in? So that Yeah, that does happen. Um less often than others, but you know, we bake in like a half point or sometimes a point at disposition fee, but that's deal by deal. A deal by deal. Okay. Um yeah, there's all kinds of little fees that could be built into it. I mean, there's there's loan signing fees, right? So, if you're the one signing on the loan, you get a little pop for that, maybe 1% of the loan amount. So, there's just ways to bake in a little bit here or there. You don't want to be too crazy with it. Um, you know, we never have more than two to three fees max. I mean, I've seen syndicators like put seven fees in there. I'm like, "Holy cow, I mean, you guys are just raping the property, right?" You know, and so we we don't do that. We keep it reasonable. Obviously, you know, we need to cover our expenses so we can maintain and operate the thing for everybody, right? But, um, we we try and be reasonable. So, the disposition fee is just the act of either selling or refinancing in three to four years or whatever that time frame is. Correct. Yeah. You'd write it in as a refi or a disposition fee. Yeah. Got it. Yeah. So, awesome everybody. Well, this is fun looking at two different deals like this. um you we'll put this up in the recordings and stuff for everybody and then yeah send us in the deals to the back end even before next week's call two or Thursday and I'll we'll analyze them right on screen for everybody you know I mean then that's kind of um and then kind of for you Bruce real quick as we head out here um walk through real quickly the process of how you got this deal sent to you so that way because this is the finding deals part right so this is important for everybody um Well, as as you instruct us to do, I uh I got on Craigslist and uh did a search um at actually I started out in the Birmingham area um on the single family side. So, I've been familiar with Alabama um as a market for a few years now, but not on the multifamily side. Um, it was you that when I first started that suggested I look at Huntsville, uh, which I did, um, did a good bit of research and, um, so recently I I got back on Craigslist and, uh, did a search and came up with this um, did some initial uh, uh, looks at it and it looked interesting and reached out to the brokers. Um, there were actually a few other properties on there, but nothing really along the lines what I was looking for, but this one had, you know, a lot of the hallmarks of what we're looking for. So, um, I reached out to, uh, both brokers that were listed on it and ended up talking to both of them. One of them is more the lead than the other. And um it was that person who uh yeah I spent about 15 20 minutes just talking on the phone. He sent me the package that I sent to you and uh traded a couple emails with it and just you know that brings us to today. There we go. And yeah, I'm planning I'm I'm heading out there uh mid June. Beautiful. Love it. Love it. Yeah. keep us posted on that. And then yeah, I would get out your LOI template that's in the back end of your portal and I would prep an offer for this thing and I would talk to the broker that gave who whoever it was that gave you the million six number. I don't know who assistant or whoever it was or you know anything like that. But I would um you know I do a little whisper out to him before I send out the LOI and I'd say hey I've done my analysis. I've backed into it. coming in realistically for this thing to really make sense and take it down somewhere between a a million575 and a million6 you know I'm going to go ahead and write it at uh you know a million575 but let's start let's let's have discussions John Mr. broker. Let's just have some discussions. Okay. And start there. Yeah. Exciting. Yeah. Can I ask something really quick? Of course. Um, if you if the loan is less than a million dollars, what are the typical options for financing other than raising the entire amount yourself? You mentioned um agency. Do they go lower than a million? not agency debt, but there's uh there's normal CMBBS, commercial mortgage back security loans through commercial banks. Okay? And so that's how all the loans under a million get done would be that route. And so once again, the three lenders in the back end of the system or any other ones you may know. Um they would understand that and then you would just be going with likely with a local commercial bank uh local in the area most of the time on a smaller balanced loan like that. Okay. Yeah. But the lenders in the back end can help broker that or um if you know your market well enough, you can start to meet um because I will tell you this, I mean, if you want to know like literally how to to find the lenders, it's no different than you find the property managers and find the construction guys and find the brokers. So the brokers, right, they usually give you a few property managers as referrals. Then the property managers are going to give you a couple construction crews as referrals. And then you can also ask the PM company, hey, what bank do a lot of your clients get some of their loans for in the area? What local commercial banks do some of your clients loans? And maybe they do your loans, too, sir. Tell me about that because that's going to be your your way in because everybody knows somebody knows somebody knows somebody, but you start with the brokers, go to the PM companies, PM companies, have the construction and rental crews, and have the banks. And then that that way you have your local banks local too. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. That's going to be the way to get in if any of the lenders in the back end of our system, you know, aren't, you know, don't do the job for you. So awesome everybody. Appreciate you coming on. This was fun. Have a good evening. Thank you. Have a good evening. Take care.