testing. One, two, three. There we go. There we go. Come on in. How's everybody doing? Chime in in the chat or you may not even need to do that. Alan, how are you? Hello. Pretty good, sir. Happy Tuesday. Yeah, Sean, good to see you. Henry, good to see you. Happy Tuesday. And we got we got John Story wearing the cool glasses, man. He's He's ready to go. I'm mobile. There we go. Uh, if you can, I'll I'll mute your phone microphones, but try and mute them if you can. Um, [Music] there. Cool. There. We just know the minute here and we'll kind of get going. Yeah. How was everybody's last week? I was just trying to figure out like where We have to we have to we have to remind folks. I guess it probably should have everybody muted coming in. We should set that up automatically. But since these are more of a Q&amp;A session, um it's best to uh allow it in. So awesome. Very cool. Okay, so let's kind of get going. Anybody looking at any new deals? I know that a few of you have been sending stuff in in the back end. Um, Allan, I know you were kind of looking at some stuff too as well. Any updates on on that front? Well, the one I was looking at before Can you hear me? Okay. First of all, um, it was before I actually joined the class here with you guys. Um, it was in Little Rock, Arkansas. Um, it's an 11 unit building. He wanted 830K for it. Um I went through the financials weren't nearly as good as what you go through, you know, with your tool. Yeah. And um it didn't look like it was even close. So um I made him a verbal at 7:30 100k less. And with that, it would have been cash flowing about in somewhere in the neighborhood of,300 a month according to my numbers. The nice thing about it was he said that um it appraised for a million50,000. Okay. So that was enticing but it never went through. We discussed it and um things just withered away so to speak. So in terms of are you comfortable using the deal analyzer and stuff currently? Um I would say not so much yet. I'm familiar with it and I I use Excel a lot myself at work, you know, from time to time, but I just haven't used it to crunch numbers. Um, yeah, we open it up. We'll actually go through it real quick so that way um you because we do like the two different ones, right? We do the the simpler one, which is a good starting point, and then we do the um the more complicated one, which I don't even think you've opened or most people don't open yet. Mhm. Um cuz that one's used for kind of, you know, 50 plus unit type deals. Um so hold on one second here. Pull that up and I'll share my screen and then we can kind of walk through the fundamentals of, you know, what to expect when you're kind of plugging away at the the deal analyzer. So um you'll kind of see this on your screen. So, we've kind of set this up literally. I mean, with a lot of like whether it's Marcus and Millichap or some of the other commercial brokers, they'll use like a simple one page like this. And then, you know, we've gone ahead and added a couple more tabs in here. But just for the simplicity of kind of keeping a basic rental property, which this will work pretty well up to a certain amount um is everything in blue is um is editable and then everything else in black is pretty much hardcoded. So uh are there areas that I should just should I just walk through like this in general? Uh Allan for you to kind of understand how you would input to it? Sure. Okay. So, just so everybody kind of understands, and there's plenty of videos in the back end of your portal. So, when you log in, um, you'll go to the mentorship. Um, and actually why I have everybody else in here, let me go ahead and put this in here so you have in the chat if you ever just kind of want to watch it to give yourself, um, a quick little rundown on navigating the back end of your portal. Um, this will help you do it. So, one second here. I'll put this in the chat for you so you guys can all watch that simple Loom video and we have plenty of them that we'll send through the system and keep updating you on. But if you want to, you know, navigate your back end pretty quickly, that's a great way to do it. So, kind of looking at this simple deal analyzer that you get first. Obviously, you know, plugging in the address up here is key. uh you go ahead and put in if they have a price on the property, then you go ahead and put that in here. If they don't have a price, don't worry about it. You'll start with you that you can just come up with something and just literally put it in as a placeholder to start and then you can change it as the numbers go. Cuz sometimes if they don't have a number that they're giving to you, they're just saying, "Hey, you know, offer due or hey, give us a market value or whatever it is." That's fine. We're going to determine the market for them. So, you could literally just put in a placeholder until you get the rest of the the numbers in there. You always want to typically start with 30% down because for commercial properties, that's pretty standard. It's going to be somewhere between 30 to 35. It's going to be somewhere in there. That's going to be a requirement for down payment. Repair budget. Depending on the amount that you're going to be doing, if it's a pretty nice property turnkey, this could be probably, you know, 7,000 5 to 7,000 a unit. So 10 unit property, call it 70 grand. 20 unit property and so forth. But you can kind of put in there if it's a heavier rena maybe 10 to 14,000 a unit that you would put in there is your renovation budget. Age of the property, you'll get that from the information they give you. Lot size, that'll be there as well. Closing cost, I always keep this at 6%. You know, there's a little red marker over here that gives some baseline for you. 4 to 6%. This includes legal, title, escrow, acquisition fees, starting capital, and finance fees. So that all gets built into it. So 6%'s a good starting point. Interest rates today somewhere, let's call it 6.5% as a baseline for the for the moment that you can put in there. These payments are calculated. This is taking a payment formula in here that's calculating your principal and interest. That's what PNI is. Principal and interest on that. Okay. Interestonly payment would be that one. So, if you were lucky enough to get interest only for maybe a year or two, you could then, you know, replace this number down here that's in the loan payment, right? You'll see that up in the formula bar. It gives you the cell that it's calculating from where it says K13, right? K and then 13 is there. It matches up with the payment that's there, but that number is automatically put here for you. So, that's all in there. Now you're going to input the I call it the revenue data that they give you. So this is your unit types. So let's say you had you know four of these, three two of those and you know three of these and these were twobedroom. This is a one one 2 one and then a two maybe a 22 twobedroom two bath units. Current rents on them are these. And then maybe this is one's $12.99. And then square footage on your 22. Whoops. Pull out of that real quick. On your 22 is I don't know 950 square feet. And these are your current rents. These is what your future would look like. So there's proforma and this is current. your perform is it based on your comps I take it. Is that where you're getting that info? That's right. Okay. Yeah. Based on the future of where I think I can take the rents and they may be the same. They may be the same. It's okay. Put them in there. Right. If they're the same, just put them in there. Like if this literally is the market currently, you're just literally going to go like that and 1225 and 1299. They're literally going to be identical. Okay. But if it's different, let's see if I can I can bump them 50 bucks or 100 bucks. 1325 1 399 hypothetically for a minute. Okay. And then all over here is going to be your expense numbers. Everything from your property taxes, insurance, maintenance and repairs, turnover costs, utilities, general administrative, contract services like lawn care, landscape, I mean you name it, right? Pest control, etc. etc. Management fee probably somewhere around 6 to 8%. Uh if you're uh that's all inclusive of any commissions and lease up costs and stuff like that. Reserve replacement number. This is what the bank typically gives you to put into a reserve account in the event you have to fix capital things you're not planning for. So 250 per unit per $250 per unit per year is usually what they're the banks are looking for. So, somewhere between that and 300, $250 to $300 per unit per year as a reserve replacement. Um, I I would personally put it at 300, but in this case, you can keep it at 250. So, that's kind of your revenue and your expense numbers all in the blue that you're putting in there. And then you can see that it's starting to populate numbers down here for you. your [Music] um battery on this thing. Trying to figure out why the mouse is slow. Um but on your vacancy loss and credit loss, you are going to be seeing in the 10% range right there. That'd be a good starting point on that. Just FYI. Other income, this would be all kinds of things from utilities reimbursements that you get. So, rubs as they call them, return reimburseables for utilities. Um, this could be administration fees. This could be parking fees, pet rent, all kinds of other income that would make up that number. We just put a placeholder for a kind of a large number there for you. You can put in there, okay? And then it's automatically going to calculate your effective gross income. Keep in mind, there's two columns here. There's current and then there's performer, which is future, right? Future. and it's it's populating these numbers for you. So, this net operating income number it's giving to you by taking the gross, taking out any vacancy or credit loss, your economic loss, adding in other income, getting you to your operating income, taking out any of the expenses which are listed over here. It's just bringing it over here. Okay, $65,000 into this column. And that gets you net operating income. Now, in this case, it's negative, right? because your loan amount, your debt service obviously exceeds your net operating. So, this doesn't work. But what we would have to do is start plugging away to see where it would. And keep in mind, we just put a placeholder number in here. Remember that. So, if this was 850 grand, then the numbers probably would start to work. We're getting there. You see how there's a little anytime you see a little red on this thing, that's where a comment is at to give you some guidance. Debt coverage ratio. This number needs to exceed 1.25. 1.25. Well, right now it's 1.09. So, we have to start tweaking some things to get that number where it needs to be. And that's going to come in a few forms. It's either revenue is going to go up. We need to figure out, hey, can we increase the rents? You know, maybe these maybe these rents are higher, you know, maybe they're not. But either way, if the revenue is what it is, we can't change that. And if the expenses are what they are, we can't change that. Well, maybe the interest rate. But if we can't change that, right, then the only other item that can change is the price of the property, right? So, you kind of start working backwards and you reverse engineer back into a value that makes this thing make sense to where you're going to get returns equal to where you need to be. How do you handle like taxes? because I've got a single family home that I've got rented and I just rented it about two years ago and then I lost the homestead exe exemption on it which I anticipated and then my payment went up a couple hundred bucks but I know you don't have that on a multif family but you do have the value you know it's reassessed at when you purchase it and that'll change the the tax rate right correct so your taxes are assessed every year and like the taxes here for example are going to be given to you in some of the data that you get from the broker and from the owner. So that's where this number would go in calculating future taxes. What you typically will are going to want to do is you're going to want to go to go to Google and type in how to calculate property taxes. Insert the county in which the property is located and Google will give you an assessment and then you know our website to how to calculate the property taxes for that specific county. And then you're going to plug that number in here for the future because let's say for example the current taxes are $13,500. Well, that's based on an old assessment number. Correct? So the new number that you may be buying it at, you may need to figure out how how do you calculate it on 850. So once again, go to the county website. How do you calculate property taxes in X county? It'll give you the formula. you're going to plug it in for an 850, you know, whatever the assessed value may be, and that's going to give you how to calculate this number here for the future. Does that make sense? Yep. Also, for insurance, you can get an insurance quote, free insurance quote from the insurance providers that we give to you in the back end of your system. So, in the vendors and system section of your mentorship, you there's three different insurance providers. You can reach out to them when you're in the midst of looking at a deal and saying, "Hey, here's kind of what I'm looking at. I want to get an insurance quote. And they can they'll ask for a few pieces of data and they'll give you a general range of an insurance quote. So that's because these are your two big ones, right? Like these numbers right here. Definitely your big numbers. So you can get quotes and stuff on that and or calculate that for you. And that's how you would do it. Okay. Uh maintenance and repair. This number is kind of in alignment, you know. So you you kind of want to see this number somewhere around 700 bucks or isish uh per unit per year. And then turnover, that's kind of an alignment, you know, right in there, that 250 per unit per year on the turnover. Utilities, you know, these numbers may differ, right? Once again, you'd want to get the actual data. That's why these numbers are not showing up correctly, but you basically keep playing with uh the numbers to get them until it makes sense. 800,000. You know, we're starting to make some sense. Although, we have to go and um in here. Trying to pull it up real quick. So, that's that. then your loan. Okay. Um yeah, so we really need 240. Okay. Plus your Oh, plus your closing cost. Gotcha. So that's why that's doing that. Yeah. Yeah. So this one I mean based on these metrics once again you got to get better metrics or um better data so you can input it because your your expenses are are too high number one. I can tell you that and this revenue number would change but the ultimate goal is you need to get you know both these numbers north of 1.25. So you're kind of working backwards into it. Y um but you'd plug in the data that the brokers give to you first. use their data specifically and then you can start fidgeting with the numbers to make it make sense. And then if it doesn't make sense, you just keep moving. Yep. Right. I mean, if if it is what it is and it just doesn't work, that's when you can kind of, you know, plug through these things pretty quick and move on to another deal if it's really if it's really off. It's really off. Yeah. I did get a hold of a broker surprisingly after like the fourth one and and he said to me, it was kind of funny. He says, "Well, you know, you wouldn't want to work with me." And I said, "Oh, really?" And uh then he said, "Um, well, I'm going to call who I want to when I get a property." And I said, "I see." And I said, "Uh" and I I said, "Um, well, maybe I could give you like an extra commission." Then he he said, "Nah, that's all right." He pretty much hung up on me, but he gave me some good information, you know. You know, basically, well, yeah. Talk to me how that conversation went. Um, it was pretty short. He was friendly and nice in the beginning. And um and this was on a different property. It wasn't on the Little Rock property. Um but um you know, he answered the phone and he was really nice, you know, upfront. And then um you know, I told him what I was looking for and uh specifically a property that I did see um on Krexy. Um and then he said, "Well, um you know, the the market's really tight." And um I said, "Well, that's okay. I can I can wait it out." And he said, "Well," and then he said, "Well, I'm not really a good guy to work with." And I said, "Oh, okay. I didn't know how to take that, but um you know, I'm sure guy to work." See, I don't know the broker. I'd have to see who it was, but Yeah. Yeah. You You don't want to know him anyway, but at least he was honest, you know, about the call and who he wanted to call. And I figured that anyway. Yeah. I mean, and that can happen just depending you just you got to move on to the next one and take it. what it is and just move on to the next. Um, you know, if uh you do get some sometimes you get some pompous, you know, brokers with attitude. It is what it is. You know, you just don't take it personally and next, you know, next, you know, because if you're not going to treat people with kindness, uh, it will come back to bite you in the ass. It's just a matter of time. You know, somebody's gonna put him in his place. Yeah. At some point. Yeah, I got I got news for everybody. Everybody's stinks. So, he may not think it stinks right now, but it stinks. All right. And that's just the honest truth. So, I love people like that. And you just you kind of kill them with kindness and then they they kind of roll over a little bit, but you know, I'm sure he's nice nice fellow. But that's how you're going to handle kind of this first page in here to get this down. And then it's just messing with the numbers to get it to make sense. Uh these will kind of self-pop populate for you, but you know, your rent bumps, you know, it's a good projection model. Your economic loss numbers are fair. You can kind of keep them in there. Expense bumps, you know, on increasing expenses per year for inflation. I mean, I guess there should be like 90%, right? Just kidding. And then cap rates. These are probably fair for a lot of the Midwest markets. you know, somewhere in the sixes on your exit cap rates. Um, but right now, this deal doesn't work. But what would make it work would be this. So, if we came in here, let's just plug around with this for a minute. First of all, this repair budget's too high. So, for 10 units, we should be down to like 8,500. Uh, should be the number lock. Just do that. Um, here it's, you know, 2,000 a unit. Maybe it were a 20 grand. Let's do something like that just for now. Um, yeah, you would need Yeah, you'd want to get these property taxes in line. So, this you need to double check these numbers, but that should that should be sitting right around there somewhere in the mid-40s like that on your expense ratio. for this age of property in the 1970s. That's probably in alignment. Um, other income's fine. You know, this number is fine. That number sits. So, you're starting to make some sense here, right? That and that starts to make sense. So, buying it for 800, getting your expense ratios in alignment, you know, the numbers start to make some sense. I think you said like, did you say like cap rate? I think you said on the previous call you're looking for north of 6% in an IR like 16 to well no so cash on cash on cash so what that means is for every dollar see we're putting in 534,000 right right that's our cash in the deal right it's our cash in the deal right and so I want to figure out okay well based on that cash in the deal what's my cash on cash return return going out and so yes you want to see 6 to 10% % or more cash on cash and then the IRRa north of uh 14% 14 to 20% a year. Got it. On that front. Correct. Correct. Whoops. So that would that would handle that. Um and that would be on that deal analy pull that back up here real quick. So that's going to kind of get that number going for you on this deal analyzer. Um but that's what you're ultimately looking for. And a lot of that's described in some of the videos and we go over it every week, you know, but your your main metrics that you're looking for is cash on cash 6 to 10% plus and IRRa at, you know, 14 to 20% or more and an equity multiple at 2.0 or more. Ideally, ideally 1.8 would be fine, but 2.0 is great. So, you can see what's happening here with these metrics, right? on the future. You got that one is in alignment, that one's in alignment, and that one's in alignment, which tells me the deal starting to make some sense. So, if all these numbers were accurate, buying this thing around 800 grand is the price point. So, if they were asking 900, clearly we have some negotiations to do. But that's how you would work it work backwards into it. Any questions on that, Alan? Nope. I learned a lot on that. So, appreciate it. But that way, you know, there's we have a handful of videos when you're going through that stuff that are literally case studies of me walking through this on analyzing them over and over and over again. Y So, you get to see it in real time. Um, which is great. Yep. Hey, do you uh on that last property or the first property that I spoke of in Arkansas, I gave him a verbal on it, do you because I I don't know, maybe that's the wrong thing to do, but rather than spend the time, put a lot in writing, I just wanted to do a verbal run by with them. Do you do that? I mean, is that co? Well, sure, of course. Um, you know, and keep in mind the letter of intent, like if you're going to submit an offer, it's just done on our template. It's a little two-page template. Let's call it a letter of intent. You have it in the back end of your portal mentorship area. I mean, you could put that together pretty quick if he wanted something in writing. Or you can have a conversation with them and say, "Hey, John, Mr. Broker, listen. I'm running the numbers. Happy to show them to you, by the way. And I know you guys are asking, you know, 900 grand for it, but I took your numbers, Mr. John Broker. I plugged them in our deal analyzer. I mean, listen, for this thing to make sense, given today's interest rates and the environment and what's going on, it's going to have to go at 800 grand. Oh, well uh uh you know, I uh well uh uh you'll hear this griping going on for about five minutes. Um you know, your response to him is not to be emotional. It's just to say, listen, I totally understand that the seller may not be willing at this time to negotiate at that level, but if they are, then you know, I'm here. we're definitely interested and and we would consider moving forward, but that's kind of where this thing needs a trade. Well, okay. But then you use it as a leverage point. You say, "Well, John, Mr. Broker, um, I understand this deal may not make sense, but we're a buyer. Like, we're going to buy here in this market, and I'd love to buy through you. So, do you have any other deals you're working on, things that we can take a look at? Maybe I can get on your email list for some of this pre-market stuff that you can put out there because we're going to buy and I'd love to to buy through you. And that's that's the lure we're in. Does that make sense? Oh, yeah. Yeah. So, beautiful. I see a couple other new folks coming on. We have some new faces in here, so I want to say hi. And they'll be on probably on Thursday, but um I know we got George and Christine and a few others here. Uhhuh. Maria and and stuff like that. So, feel free to say hi. this uh Tuesdays are kind of like a more intimate kind of Q&amp;A fashion where you get to see everybody's faces and get on the screens and stuff and then on Thursdays are more of a webinar fashion um where I'm up against the board you know going through things in detail um but we kind of leave this open to do a few more questions and we have about five more minutes here um but yeah Christine or George or anybody else if you guys have another question you'd like to ask real quick love to be a resource how you going good is that Nate y Yeah. So, I got a question for you. So, I've been looking at a lot of different properties and I plugged in a lot of numbers that just didn't make sense for me. Now, I haven't been able to submit anything to you guys, but what I want to ask is I've seen a lot of people putting up these forplexes and triplexes, but nobody has numbers to actually give me. Nobody has the OM to give me. Nobody actually has um a T12 to give me. So, how do I justify like a forplex being $800,000? Um, is there any other What are you looking first of all? Just um and actually I'm looking in Houston right now. Okay. Um because you typically on because you're still playing in the residential space with a forplex. Okay. So ultimately what I would like you to do is start with 10 unit properties. And I understand you may be thinking it's out of your range, but that's kind of that's the whole point is to not do it alone and not do it with your own money. And so start looking at a 10 unit in Houston to give you an example. Okay, I'll share my screen here and this will be a good kind of starting point to finish on. Now, keep in mind, we're using Crexy not for the point of using Crexy to find deals. You're using Crexy to find out who the brokers are that I can talk to. And we all know that. So, I'd come in here like this. I'm in South Carolina, though. Um, Justin, and I just didn't see anything here and I ran across a couple of um uh builders that's building actually in the Houston area because that $1.6 $6 billion hospital that's about to go up. So, I actually wanted to be a part of that that um group to get the money that's actually coming into that city. Yeah. Yeah. So, you what you're going to notice here is you kind of just to give you an idea for what I'm looking for when I come through here is I'm see who the players are. So, you see their little logos here in the right hand of the tile. Yep. Okay. See that logo? Keep scrolling down and you tell me if you start to notice repetition. You notice any repetition going on there with Eastwood? Maybe. Um, you seeing the Eastwood logo down here? Boom. I see the logos. Yes, sir. Boom. Let's keep going. Multif family group. I know those guys quite well. You trying to see KW? You noticing a trend there? Is that Kelly uh Kelly Williams? Yes. Commercial. Uhhuh. The entire point of this exercise is now that I see KW again. Okay. Starting to see a trend here. Just a few of them. Texas. So, you're starting to see who the market makers are, right? See multiple times on here, right? Milichap is starting to pop up here, right? some of these guys, you're starting to see who's, you know, listing and doing a lot of the deals. So, those are the first ones you're going to be reaching out to. Okay. Okay. And and the entire point of going through that exercise is simply to make the connection with people that are doing deals in the area. There's GR Houston. Those guys are pretty good. Um, yeah, this guy Kevin Commercial. You're starting to see him. He's a smaller guy, but you can tell. 950 grand for 12 units. Not bad. Yep. Exactly. Now, I don't know if the area sucks or not, but Right. Exactly. But that's for you to find out, right? And that's that's part of the knowledge of the market. So, if Houston is one of the markets you're interested in, right? If if that's it, you need to take a three-day trip out there. Okay. Okay. And you're going to plan it. I can absolutely do that. Yeah. Correct. So, this is your reconnaissance mission. And prior to that three-day trip, you're going to make connections with three brokers on three separate properties to tour those properties when you come out. And the process of starting that is right here. So my conversation with Mr. Kevin is going to be ringing ring ring. Hey Kevin, how you doing? This is Justin Brennan from the Brennan Poly Group Capital. Hey, I'm calling on your property over here on 2917 Ashley in Houston. 12 units. Look like it's been on the market about 70 days. What's what's the action on it? What's going on? And then blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Okay, great. I mean, do you have any active offers on it currently? No. Okay. um what's been the holdback on it? Why do you think it hasn't sold quite yet? And just let them talk because whatever they say is pointless and not to be mean, it's just they're gonna they're they're brokers, right? So, I understand. Yeah. And the entire conversation point is to say, "Well, great. Listen, I'm going to be coming out there. It looks like you're doing a decent amount of deals in the area, but I'm going to take a look at this one. I'd love to tour it next week when I'm coming out there, presuming that's the date. Um, can I go ahead and set that up?" Now, this is where the conversation may come in as them asking you a couple questions now at this point to kind of size you up, right? A little bit. And so, we have videos on that specifically now in your portal, too, that walk through the top 10 questions. Oh, yeah. I've seen all the videos. Have you seen that yet? I have. I have. Okay. So, you can watch that video. It's literally me responding the top 10 questions that you're going to get from brokers. Yeah. And well, you just had that you just had that call uh was last week, I believe it was. Correct. And then we put a video together specifically for that out of a request from many of you. Actually roleplaying those questions, right? And in addition to that, I was I was chatting with one of my broker friends in Kansas City and he's agreed to come on. So he's a broker in Kansas City, does a decent amount of deals. He's going to come on here in a few weeks and literally role play with me and beat me to death on live, okay? In front of all of you. Uh the types of questions that he would ask someone like you if he was trying to size you up a little bit, right? He's going to be a little easier because he's dealing, you know, in the little larger space. But a typical broker that's dealing in this space of 10 to 30 units is not be as sophisticated and not gonna be this is why we start you here specifically. Okay? And I'm not telling you to go after a 50 plus unit apartment deal because if you were Understandable understandable. Yeah. The questions you're going to get are going to be a lot different than a question on a 12. Okay. But yeah, the entire point of the exercise here for you is literally to plan a trip out to Houston, uh, a three-day. You're going to fly in on a Sunday if you can, presuming you can do this. Fly in on a Sunday. That way you can do a Sunday tour. Ideally, if you can get there midday would be great. Get your rental car, okay? And have your three properties that you're going to be touring and you're going to go drive them on a Sunday. Okay. Do you know what that's going to show you on a Sunday? Uh, the area, see what it's like? Um, I want to make sure there's no rowdiness, no noise, cuz I can make trips at night time in the middle of the night. Yep. See what the area is like. On a Sunday, Sunday is the best day to go look at a property because everybody's everybody's home. You're going to get all the normal people and all the weirdos all at the same time. Yes, sir. You're going to see the good, the bad, and the ugly on a Sunday. Okay. Okay. Um Yeah, you just will. And then the other the other best time is on a weekday evening coming home from work. Okay. Um but yeah, that's hands hands down the best. But yeah, you're going to go in on a Sunday. You're going to drive it prior to you actually meeting the brokers the next day. And then ideally you want to do your property tours on a Monday. And ideally tour the three properties with the three brokers. And the the point of the entire tour is not the property. Probably not the property. just information. It's simply reconnaissance bellyto belly to build a rapport with the broker, right? That's the entire purpose of it. And if this deal tends to make sense, great. But if it doesn't, who cares? The entire purpose is bellyto belly because now it's, hey, John or Kevin, you know, after it's a follow-up after the tour, you know, listen, I really enjoyed meeting you and stuff. I'm going to buy in the area. I'm looking for deals. I've already underwrote this deal. You know, I know you guys are asking 950. I have it at like 750 for it to make sense. And of course, Kevin's going to be like, "Well, what the hell?" Blah, blah, blah. You're I'll send you over my numbers. You can look at me and tell me where I'm wrong, Kevin. Look at the numbers and you tell me where I'm wrong, where I need to look at some stuff, right? Okay. For the purpose because they'd happily like to tell you you're wrong. So, let them do their numbers and send them back to you and then you can look at them again. Okay? All right. entire purpose of the exercise is simply belly-to-belly rapport building because now you want to get access to the pre-market deals that are not on the websites and the only happening is through this process I'm telling you is the reconnaissance. Gotcha. And spending that, you know, time to get into that market. Yeah. Okay. I appreciate it. Thanks, Justin. You bet. I see uh George on here real quick and then we'll finish up here. But yeah, George, go ahead and uh you're on you got the mic. Thanks. Thanks, Justin. I I had some issues with my other MacBook ear. I'm using my wife's this one. The camera works. Sure. I heard Say hi to everybody on here. It's a small little intimate group. Hi everyone. I just joined. This is my second call. I joined last week and I was sure I was sure it was 7 o'clock today. I got a I received a text and uh I joined right away and uh I just found out it's six o'clock on Tuesday. So I have to uh try to figure out uh these these email notifications that should be uh that will be tweaked. Uh our team did find an error in the system so that should have been corrected. So for the following week it should be good. Awesome. Thank you Justin. So um you want what do you want to know a little bit about myself or what my goals are or? Well, yeah. I guess yeah, tell me mainly with the market you're interested in investing number one and um yeah, I guess some of the initial properties you're going for, looking for, and we can kind of fine-tune you a little bit. Sure. Um very flexible. I live in Chicago. I just turned 50 years old in January 1st. I I have 25 years of residential. I had four apartment buildings back when I was in my in my 20s. I never had any mentorship. Yeah. uh 20s and 30s. I sold everything and I bought started getting into commercial about 15 years ago. I own eight parcels right now commercial, but they're all single tenant commercials. I found out um you correct. That's right. You corrected me last week. I put diversity. I have to diversify. So, you know, if if uh so I want multiple doors. That's what I'm looking for. Uh definitely looking for multiple doors. Uh but I'm I'm very flexible. I'm also considering is the is the goal to uh look in Illinois? Definitely not. You know, I've been here 50 years. I found, you know, Krook County, that's the county here. I call it Krook County. Everything from politics to crime is just getting a lot worse. I have a I started really late with kids. I have a 10, 11, and 12, even though I'm 50 years old already. So, I got a piece of land in Venice, Florida last year. And um my goal is to get out of here. But as far as looking for properties, I'm definitely looking at uh different uh markets. Indiana, uh, possibly Michigan. I don't know too much about Michigan, but Arkansas, Kentucky, Indiana, Florida, pretty much anywhere where where where the market makes sense, where where the numbers make sense. Yep. And um, yeah. So, what you're going to want to do is kind of coming in and starting here, and this is for anybody in here, is um, you start with three, you narrow down to one. So, you're going to go, let's call it Indiana, meaning when I say market, let's call state, right? Indiana, let's call it Florida, and like you said, maybe Arkansas, Alabama. So, pick three. And then what you're going to want to do is start narrowing down based on population growth, job growth, and median household income. Those are the three main metrics. And we have the websites in the back end, free websites that you can go to actually look these up. But you know what the greatest thing would be? If you want to get it really, really fast, I'm dead serious. I just started doing this. Sure. Go to chat GPT, type in uh give me population growth for each of the last three years as a percentage in such and such city in Indiana, right? Do it for Indiana, whatever city it is in Arkansas, whatever it is in Florida, right? Population growth. You want it north of 1%. Okay? Now, you're going to ask the same question about give me job growth in these cities the last three years in each of these cities. it's going to give it to you. Like you don't have to like go find it. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen in my life. Got to love AI. And last thing would be, hey, give me median household income in each of these cities in the last three years and the growth rate on that, right? And all you're looking for is a growth rate of north of 1 to 2% on jobs and um and on uh a population. Okay. And then a median household income of north of probably 60,000 bucks a year. Okay. Okay. Perfect. And if those three line up, then that's a good market to invest into for growth. Okay? If those three things do not line up, you keep moving. And then what you're going to do once you identify that is now uh you'll narrow it down to the market you like the most. And then no different than I was just doing with uh Nate is now he's going to make a reconnaissance mission. And you're going to do a three-day trip. You're going to fly out there on a Sunday. Prior to that trip, you're lining up the properties. You're going to tour and you're going to pre-talk to the brokers. No different than I just walked Nate through. So that way you have something to do when you're out there and you have three properties to tour, three brokers to speak with. And then additionally, when you speak with the brokers, you're going to be asking them, "Hey dude, do you have a couple property management companies you can refer me to in the area that your clients use?" Because that's now going to tee up your PM company. And then when you go to meet the PM company, hey PM company, do you have a couple construction crews that you work with that help you renovate and deal with your clients in the area as well? Boom. So now you have your construction renovation crews you're going to interview. So now you built your little mini team within the market you're now going to focus in. Does that make sense? Definitely makes sense. I when I bought the piece of land in Sarasota couple years ago, I sold that three years ago. Yeah, I was there for 10 days just doing a lot of research, you know, with Tampa, Sarasota, Venice, and Naples, Fort Myers. I drove every day and did a lot of research. Spoke to a lot of uh brokers, uh, real estate brokers and get a lot of feedback on the areas on the schools. I got small kids. I did the same thing back in August last year when I bought the piece of land in Venice. I was blessed to find uh 9.77 acres in Venice. And definitely, I know exactly what you mean. just just get a start networking with people, brokers. Um, and I'll definitely use chat cheap. I don't use that. I just, you know, I'm 50 years old. It's surprisingly accurate because it's going to go pull the data like it'll it'll pull it and it's I'm really old school. My I heard my kids use that and I I got to get more familiar with it. Yeah. I mean, we're literally working on it right now, just so you know, to add an entire knowledge center using AI into the back end of your portal. So you can literally ask it questions on anything multifamily or market research driven and it's gonna give it to you. So I really glad I joined this program. I had joined another one and u I'm not gonna I'm not going to say the name but I they told me it was multif family. I found out that was just BS. So I luckily I got my deposit back and I I found your your your videos incredible to be honest with you. You could tell you're down to earth. You explain it very clear very professional. I was very I look at Better Business Bureau. Very fant reviews. I appreciate that. Thank you. I know Christine wanted to Oh, sorry to interrupt you. I know Christine wanted to say hi real quick before we jump off here. Sure. Hi Christine. Hi Christine. Hi. Can you hear me? Yes. Hi Christine. Okay, good. Um I'm Christine. I'm in New York City and I invest in Ohio. Um I have a single family rental there. Um, I also am an LP investor in a few few deals and I have a rental in Manhattan, which it's a nailbiter. I always I'm lucky I have a good tenant now, but I'm ready to sell it just because the laws here. Um, yeah, I'm happy to meet other people, especially if you're interested in the Midwest, you know, share knowledge and, you know, grow together and, yes, maybe even travel, do tours together, kill two birds with one stone, you know. I'm all for partnerships. I'm definitely, you know, it's I see these uh I see these businesses, you know, it's it's, you know, I'm 50 years old. I always try to do everything on my own without mentorship. But like I said, it's just because I I never got guided by my by my parents. You know, they're workaholics and you know, I just didn't have that mentorship growing up. And uh yes, you definitely have to build a a part a team, a network, and just network with people. And partnerships are great as long as you have a business contract that stipulates everything. And definitely that's the way you grow. That's how you scale by having some partners. You know, that's every successful Yeah. There's been a few people that have done it on their own. Yeah. Well, reach out to me on LinkedIn, Christine Ladney. It's L A D N Y. Okay, perfect. Yeah. And then you guys know too, and you should you'll get a um because now that we're final final on it, you can download the app, our multif family schooled app uh on your phone from the Google App Store or from um or Apple. So, and you can log in just like you log into your portal with your email and your password and it's going to be literally right on your phone. And then what's going to allow that to happen now is all the chatting. If this is gonna do it there. Can it show right there? What? I don't know. Is it like a picture? It wants to. Anyhow, you'll see the app. Yes, it's m multifamily schooled. Multifamily schooled. Just look it up in your Google store or your Apple either or and it'll do it there. And then because back in there you're going to have direct access to the chat discussions and community. So, I know we've been having access to your WhatsApp and all that, but in the back end, it's all going to be on your phone, so you can communicate in real time. Just turn on your notifications. So, that way when people are chatting with you, and we have it sectioned out based on your region. So, if you're looking for, you know, northeast, east, west, whatever it is, it'll all have it in there to connect with people in those areas, too. So, that way for collaboration purposes. So, perfect. Thank you. Thank you, Justin. Thanks for seeing. You bet. Awesome. Everybody, I know we a little little over on time, but this was great. And then we'll take this recording just so you know. We'll put it up in in the back end so you guys will have access to it, you know, moving forward if you want to go back through and look at the analyzers and stuff we just did and all the stuff we talked about finding the markets. So So Justin, I will see you guys on Thursday. Just real quick question if you don't mind. Yeah. So, so I I was looking at the analyzing uh videos today for the first time and uh I think you're you were analyzing a a 10 unit in Kansas City. I think this video from 2023. Uh I didn't see that I did not see that building uh in on Craigslist. So, I went over the video a couple times today. I happened to notice your spreadsheet started 2023. So, I assume that video was from 2023. So, I actually went back on Google. I put that address. I think it was 1211 West 45th Street. I believe uh what I what I saw interesting at that time when you had it on your analyzer, which was amazing. I I found out a lot about how to analyze properties. Again, I'm not a I'm not an expert, but I just I loved your video. I'm going to watch it a few times. Uh there's so much to for me to learn, but I saw that home on on Loopnet today where they have been selling the they actually converted this to condos. They've been selling each one for like 250. So 250 times 10. So that's 2.5 million. I think at that time when you made that video, I think they were about 1.5 million. So whoever purchased that started I guess they missed a change of zoning. But yeah, they they they were selling each individual units. Interesting. Yeah, they kind of minimized it. Interesting. Yeah, they did. Well, that's a good game. If you can pull that off, you can make some big money. Yeah. So So God willing, I'm not sure if uh I definitely want to buy a 10 unit. I have no idea how to buy um I'm also interested in franchises. I know I know that your your program is strictly for multifamilies, but I have no idea if anyone in here has been looking at franchises also because my other idea besides a multi-unit building is to possibly get a building, but not just a building, but actually build a franchise inside that building. Look into a franchise. Uh so, so I know there's so many franchise franchises out there, but like I said, I I don't want to limit myself. I would definitely look into a franchise also if anyone has any insights on franchises. Very cool. Well, I love it. Well, yeah, everybody chime in and and connect with George in the back end on the WhatsApp, too. And then download that app because we're going to kind of start pushing everybody to it so you can communicate inside that app because that's where we want everybody focused to communicate and however you want to do it, but we're trying to make it as easy as possible. So, perfect. And I am also on uh LinkedIn, Jorge Torres. Probably don't look the same. I've been disabled for two years. I gained like 25 pounds. So, I don't look the same. I got We love you just the way you are, man. Two surgeries. I had one five weeks ago. A lot of mud on my spine and it's I'm just been having a rough two years. Wow. Well, we wish you well and thank you. Thank you. Bless you, bro. God bless you, bro. God bless official. All right, everybody. Well, I appreciate your time. Thanks for coming on and we'll see you on Thursday. Yeah. Thank you, Justin. Thank you. Thanks,