Hello, hello, hello. Coming on in. I see everybody coming in here. Beautiful. Hello to everybody. Happy Thursday. Can I uh just kind of a sound and video check. Make sure everybody can hear me and see me. Just thumbs up in the chat. Put a one or a thumbs up if you can hear me. Okay. And if the video is showing okay. All right, beautiful. Um, good to see you, Kesha. Kesha, sorry. Uh, you got Josh in here. Beautiful Chad. Haim, good to see you. Anoke, awesome, Joe. Awesome. John, beautiful. John, we're actually going to go over those duplexes in Missouri. That's going to be one of the deals we look at here today. Um, so that should be cool. Josh, good to see you. Julian, beautiful. How's Liberia? And then let's talk uh maybe about your deal a little bit if we have a few minutes. Uh Kelly, good to see you. Got Kevin in here. Kevin's in here, too. Just FYI. So, if you have questions and stuff uh with the team, put it in the chat and Kevin can help out with that uh angle as we kind of go through this. Sit, good to see you. Beautiful. Yeah, Julian, yes, you're doing good. Yes, PSA moving forward. Lawyers are talking. That's good. Uh, don't let the lawyers talk too much. You know, they like to pass emails and those emails are expensive emails. Uh, obviously it's important you get it done right, but um, yeah, just, you know, keeping that in mind. Keeping that in mind. Uh, but we can chat through that. Um yeah, the key component to any uh purchase and sale agreement, just so everybody knows, the purchase and sale agreement, the most important process in this is number one, Julian, if you have not already sent those 22 questions that's in the due diligence checklist, right? That's in the acquisition's due diligence checklist. those 22 questions over to the broker or the seller for them to complete those prior to you signing that PSA. All right, that's part of the closing process and the videos and stuff that walks you through this. Uh you did that. Great. Um so that's going to give you some guidance and clarity in ensuring uh that you can hold the seller accountable if they lie is basically what that's there for. And then the section in the purchase and sale agreement that's the most important is the sellers representations and warranties. So it's in every single purchase and sale agreement. There's a section in there. And if you wanted to review the one that we give to you, if you go into your download section of the downloads, download the PSA, the purchase and sale agreement that we have in there. You can um search for um uh sellers uh uh just search for representations and warranties or reps and warranties. Representations and warranties. Sellers representations and warranties. That's what that's basically doing is the seller's representing and warranting to you by their word that these things are true. So that way if you find out they're not true, you got them by the, you know, wayos rancheros, if you know what I mean. That's the whole point behind it. So that's the most important one that there's clarity in there. There's not too much ambiguity to where, you know, gets the seller off the hook. you know, you want as you're going through the due diligence process, right, and closing on the deal and you're asking questions and you're looking at things. Um, that's really, really important. So, we'll just touch on it briefly, Julian, as we kind of go through it. Um, I see it's taking notes. Oh, AI assistance. A lot of AI assistance in here. That's good. Yes. Um, but yes, if you were I know you guys can see the screen here. Perfect. So yeah, regarding the closing process and when you're going through it and if you look at that acquisition's due diligence checklist, it talks about the financial due diligence, right? Because you you always have the um right, you have the physical, right, physical inspections on the property, and that kind of speaks for itself. But then you have the financial, right? You want to make sure that what you're getting and you're looking at is accurate. Is accurate and you don't take their word by it, right? It's just not how the game works, right? This is buyer beware, but that's why you're here so we can walk you through this and avoid mistakes that I have made, okay? And every investor makes when they don't have help. So, on the financial, here's the important stuff on the financials, right? You want copies of all the leases. You want the delinquency list. And this is all on that checklist already, so you don't need to take notes on it unless you want to. Um leases, delinquency list, work orders, unit availability, um, All right. You're going to get a lot of reports, right? You're going to get a lot of reports. The ones that are most important are these ones right here. Okay? You want copies of all of the leases, the actual leases themselves. Okay? And you're going to review them. And the property manager that you're bringing on board should be going through this due diligence process with you, which is why, hence the purpose and the reason, right? You come in here and you set up your team, right? This is why this is important and this is important before you get to the due diligence, the deals, the capital, the contracts because this little team setup right here is really critical because it's going to allow the process of closing to go a lot smoother for you because you're going to have your property manager locked and loaded. decent idea, right, as you go through the contract because they're going to help you. They're going to help you do financial analysis on the property. A good property manager will, but that's why you want these relationships up front before you get in so you're not chasing your tail. Make sense? This allows you to run and not like, you know, dear in headlights with a chicken with your head cut off. That's why this is so critically important that you when we when you do your market trips and you're going out there and you're meeting the property managers and you're meeting the lenders and you're meeting the brokers and you're meeting the construction guys, you're evaluating them. You're making sure that I got my little team ready to go. So that way by the time that I get under contract, I don't look like a jackass. That's the point behind it. That's why the upfront work is so critically important. And that's why we set this thing up a very specific pathway. So that way by the time you get here, all this is locked and loaded. It's going to give you kind of a little bit of calm, not as much anxiety as you go through this process because you have people you can rely on and talk to as you go through it. specifically right around the financials because that property manager, if you have them teed up, ready to go, they're going to help you do what's called a lease audit, right? They'll go through this lease audit process with you. What that means is you're going to be looking at every single lease. You're going to look at the names and the people that are occupying the units. You're going to match that up with the rent roll. You want the rent roll to match the leases. And if there's any ambiguity, you want to understand why. Why is this important? Because if the leases don't match the rent roll and you take over the property and you have to go kick somebody out and you don't have the proper names legally on these things, it's going to be fun in court. Right. When when you're like who's in the property and then it doesn't match up and then your legal lease that you have has Timbuktu John but the people that are actually in the unit is Joseé Quervo, right? You're going to have a problem. So that's why this needs to match up. And if it doesn't, that's when you start asking questions. Hey, what's going on? Why is this not matching up? We need to make sure we have legal authority and that the people that are on the leases are the people that are in the units. Does that make sense? Thumbs up if that makes sense in the chat. This is kind of these little nuance things when you're going through this. But this is all in that checklist, by the way. It's all in the checklist. But really, really, really important stuff as you go through this because I mean, you want them to match up. And you're going to catch ones that are not. I guarantee it. You're going to catch ones that are not on there. So, um, count. Uh, so John asked a great question. Uh, no you cannot. So the reserve account because John asked, "Hey, can you ask for the funds that are in the reserve account?" The answer is no because those are technically not the property's reserve monies. That's the owner's reserve monies that they have set aside that they've built up a reserve account and then that money is theirs, right? That doesn't go to the property or transfer with the property. Now, what does transfer with the property are prrated rents because let's say you close in the middle of the month. Of course, there's going to be prrated rents that have to be, you know, credited to you. Also, all of the deposits, if there's any deposits being held, that also gets credited to you. And then anything else that may be in there for property taxes, insurance, stuff like that, that'll all get credited to you. So, but yes, so lease audit, really important. going through the delinquency list. I want to know who's delinquent, right? And and and if there's any kind of fuzziness going on with this where it's not lining up and you're like, gosh, like they're not showing any delinquency, but it doesn't look like the the money that then it goes to what you know, then you start asking questions, you know, around the bank accounts, right? and you fully have authority to ask for this stuff. Like I want to see the bank accounts for the last, you know, 3 6 12 months for the property because if you're buying I mean guys, if you're buying a 10, 20, 30 unit, you know, 40 unit property, I would be shocked if they didn't have a bank account specific to the property. I mean, that would be pretty rare. It can happen. Sure. If it's more mom and pop, sure it can happen where they co-ingle, but that's not good business. I mean, if any guy, any per I'd be I'd be shocked if they didn't have a bank account specific. And the reason why I would be shocked with that is because the lender wouldn't allow them to do that. Like the bank that gives them the loan for the property would never allow you to have a bank account that's comingled with like other properties and other businesses. Hence the reason why they make you get a single entity, an LLC specific to the property because they want to isolate that asset and they also want to isolate the money because that's really what they care about. Isolate the property, isolate the money. That's why I would be shocked if they didn't have a bank account specific to the property. That would be I've seen it, but that's really really mom and pop, right? I just I haven't seen it that often. So if you come across that, you know, I wouldn't say red flags, but going like, hey, like why why are you coming like that? There should be an operating account specific to the property that you can isolate all the money and you can show me a ledger, right? Show me the account. Show me the ledger of all of the transactions in that account. And then you can line up the money, right? You can see, hey, how many what were the deposits for the month? That should match up with what they're saying the collections are. Because if they say they're collecting 10,000 a month, well then it should show in the bank account $10,000 a month, right? So if they're showing, you know, let's say they say they're there's very little delinquency, then they're they're supposed to be collecting 95% of 10,000. So that's $9,500. Well, that better show up in the bank account. I mean, it should show up pretty close. There shouldn't be too much ambiguity in that because if there is, then you're going, "Huh?" So, you're saying there's no delinquency, yet you're not collecting what you're saying you're collecting in the bank account. So, it's not, you know, you can you can follow that pretty fast. So, that's why some of that stuff's really important. And that's on the bank accounts. Work order. You want to see what's outstanding and you want to see the history, the last 12 months. Last 12 months of work order history, right? You can ask for this stuff, especially if the financials are all wacky. They should have a work order report to show all the repairs that have been going on in the units, right? Maybe not capex stuff, but in the units specific to that property. And then unit availability list. Unit availability list is going to give you a couple things. It's going to give you anybody who's on notice, meaning they're moving out. They have preleased means they're moving in, but it's still vacant. and it's going to show the vacant, right? So, that gives you a trend, right? It's showing you, hey, who's going to be moving out in the next month, two months, oops, months, two months, whatever that is. Hey, what's pre- leased? Who's going to be moving in in the next 20, 30 days, whatever it is, and hey, what's currently physically vacant? It's going to show you all those. Okay, rent roll speaks for itself. It's going to show you all the units, all the rents, vacancy, who's in them, right? All that stuff. T12, that's your profit and loss statement for the last 12 months. Expiring leases, this is really important. This gives you a trend for what the next three months look like because you always want to be renewing and starting the renewal process and doing early bird specials and renewals on leases 90 to 100 days out. No 60-day stuff. So 90 to 120 days out, property managers on it. So that's one of the questions in that property manager hiring guide is how do you handle renewals? Because if their response is, "Oh, you know, we about 60 days out we start talking to the tenants about renewing." No, you're not. No, you're not. You're fired. Uh it starts 90 to 120 days out and you do early bird specials and you give them a window of time to execute that. And then what you do is you um promote that to the property manager because you're going to you're going to whatever they want for new leases, you're going to try and half that. We've talked about this before. And whatever the renewals are, you want to double that. So, if they're only getting paid $50 a renewal and $150 for a new lease or half of first month's rent for a new lease and 50 bucks for a renewal, none of that crap. I'm going to say, "Listen, I'm going to promote you guys. So, I'm going to give you 50% for a renewal." So, if it's $1,000 a month, I'm going to give you $500 for a renewal. But that's if you get it executed 90 days out. If you get it executed inside of 60 days, that falls to, you know, 25%. You basically are promoting speed and distance out. I want these renewals. So that because that gives me runway. I know, hey, these people are renewed. I don't need to worry about them moving out. It's going to keep your cash flows consistent. That's the purpose for it. 90 to 120 days out. And then you promote and benefit and bonus your property managers for that. It's really, really important because a lot of these guys are ass backwards. They want more money for a new lease, which benefits them to have new people move in. I'm like, well, in order for new people to move in, that means people need to move out. I said, no, no, no, no. I want heads and beds. I said, your focus needs to be keeping people in the complex, unless there's a life event. Unless somebody's moving out because somebody died, you're going to a new job, you're changing, you're I mean, there has to be a life event. If you're moving out because you're just upset or you don't like the place or whatever it is, that's on us. We need to step up and figure out what's going on because that's not okay. So, we want you there. We want you happy. And if that's not the case, we want to know why and what's going on. So, that's really important. So, that's why it's 90 to 120 days out. You always bonus more, almost double for a renewal than you do a new lease. So, you want to negotiate that with your property managers. And when they're talking about fees, granted they get their management fee, but they're going to have, hey, we get paid X for a new lease. And on smaller buildings, they usually want, you know, either a flat fee or a percentage of the rental amount, like 50% of the rent for the first month. So, if they're $1,000 a month, they want $500. And then I would say, "What are you guys getting paid for a renewal?" And if they say, "Oh, 50 bucks." No, you got to flip that on its head, guys. It's just an ass backwards approach with property managers that it should not work. It needs to be the other way around. I'm going to give you $500 or half the the half the lease amount, okay, for a renewal and then I'm going to give you, you know, 100 bucks for a new lease, something like that, or 250, right? It's always half, right? Because I want to double the new leases. Does that make sense? And this will be a little negotiating because property managers, it doesn't click in their brain, which is mind-boggling to me. I'm like, "Guys, your job is to keep people there. Get people in, but then keep them in, not get them in there and cycle through." Because if people are moving out, you're losing money. If you have high turnover, you're losing money. If you're not retaining 70 to 80% of your tenants every year, you're losing money, guaranteed. So that's why it's really important that you manage that process and benefit them to get ahead of it to get on it. Really, really important. Um, cool. Um, yeah, let's keep going here. So, that's that expiring leases and then renewals, right? So, that kind of goes hand inand with those two. All right. All right. got a little off track there, but I wanted to show that because Julian was, you know, he's going through the uh the contract phase right now and on his deal. And it's important when you're going through the PSA, um that you uh you deal with these things as you're going through it and look for the representations and warranties, look for the questions that you're having the broker and and the seller answer. And then as you're going through this due diligence stuff, right, you have the physical inspections, fine on the financial stuff. These are the main items, main items. Okay. And that'll handle that. Um, let me answer. do some of the good uh for good property managers like the examples you just uh when you say uh Kisho what do you mean when you say good tipples and guidelines for good property managers like the names of the property managers or um or questions for them because we have our property manager hiring guide. So that's in your download section in the back end. So you'll see that property manager hiring guide. Download that, review it. That's something that you should have when you're talking to the PMs when you're going through it because it's going to give you a handful of questions and things you should be looking for and asking for before you hire the PM. And what's really cool is you can have two property managers that you built relationships with. This is what we always do before we obviously when we're going into the market, right? We're doing our market selection, right? And then we come here and then we do our market trip. And then we're in the market. We're we're meeting the brokers. We're meeting the property managers. We're meeting construction crews. We're meeting lenders. We're setting up our little team inside our market, right? You're going to have maybe two or three different property managers that, hey, they're they're all pretty good. I feel pretty comfortable with them, but I don't ultimately know which one I would really go with. Here's how you test them out. Hey, I just went into contract on a deal. I would love for you guys to help out with some of the due diligence process before I make a final selection on my property manager. Can you can I send over some leases and some things and maybe you guys give me some guidance as to how you would handle this uh transition this transition? And they'll be like, "Yeah, cuz most property managers, they help you through the transition process." And you would only need the first week or so in contract. And Julian, you can do this if you have a couple PMs up there in Michigan, is I would have them work against each other for the first couple weeks of the contract until you solidify the one that you're going to go with. And you're going to see in that process how well they work. You're going to find out, are they pretty thorough? Are they full of I mean, you'll find out, are they on it? Are they not, right? I mean, and you keep in mind, you've already done your due diligence on them. You've interviewed them because that all happened in this stage, right? Before you get to this stage under contract, you interviewed them here. So, these guys are all relatively good. Now, you're going to test them, right? Cuz what do they say? Talk's cheap, right? Actions speak louder than words. You're going to find out real quick. If you take them through the first two weeks, when you're in contract, and you give them all the financial stuff that I just gave you and say, "Hey, can you help me do a lease audit? Can you help me do a lease audit?" And if first of all, if they don't know what a lease audit is, run. That's first and foremost. They will. They will. Holy cow. If they don't, they're done. They're not even getting the second base. Uh but they will. And then you say, "Can you help me look at these leases real quick? I want to do a lease audit against the rent roll, right? I want to match these things up." Simply that exercise alone will tell you who's good and who's not because they'll come through here. They'll help you do the lease audit. You know, you get all the leases. takes them maybe 3 4 hours to go through a 15 unit property and double check everything, right? Or 20 unit, check everything. It's not extensive. And they should be able to do that. That's going to give you a good feel for, hey, I see how these guys work. They kind of have their things together. It's going to give you the vibe, right? It's going to give you the vibe. Um, good question coming through here. Um, why would uh PMs do it backwards? Is there a strategy they might have around the leasing? No. Just most PMs don't understand how you actually make money in multif family. Most of them are not owners or have never been owners and and they just don't realize that the money is really in keeping people there. You know, there's the saying heads in beds. Heads in beds. It's more efficient and less cost effective for you to at least get ideally two to three years out of one tenant. And you should be retaining 70% or more of your tenants every single year. If your retention rate falls below 70%, you got a problem. And maybe it's 80, it should be 70 80%. But if you're at 70% or greater, you're operating pretty well. That's pretty good. It's pretty good because life events are going to happen. People have to move. It's just life, right? Life happens. You just don't want them moving because they're pissed off. That's that's the big no no. And so that that will show its head um if uh if you're not operating well. So, uh Kesha said, "My single family came with a PM when I bought it. I have some specific questions. I might need a new one. Uh I'll send an email." Yes. So you can So here's another great little tidbit here. Yes, I always um unless you know the PM really sucks that's currently on the property, you would immediately transition them out. But it's not against it to have them work with you and then give them the shot, right, to manage the property. But you'll get a good feel pretty quick, right? And you'll you'll interview them actually even through the due diligence phase when you're walking the property talking to people. You know, you'll want to know who the property manager is. And then you'll want to reach out to them before you go under contract. So, Julian, this is a good thing to do. If now maybe it's self-managed. Okay, different. Obviously, you're not going to, you know, trade trade the self-management, but if it's third party managed, yeah, can you give me the property manager? I'd love to chat with them so that just to get a better feel. I may hire them and keep them on. Right. That's how you you position that. That way you're going through that process, too, cuz it can work out. Sometimes they're really good. Sometimes they stink. But you always want to get them competing for sure. You always want to have your own and then you can always take on the new one. Even if you take them on for the first few months, right, and and transition the property, right? Close and transition the property. Now, 3 months later, then you can move in and move out a new property manager. Okay? That's how you would typically handle that. But yeah, you can interview a new one, get them lined up if you don't feel comfortable with the current one, but use that property manager hiring guide. It's very good. It's very thorough, you know, and you can grade people on it. They're not going to be perfect, guys. I mean, I I can't tell you how many times you it is you cannot just hand your property over to a property management company and expect it to run beautifully. It is never going to happen. Which is why when we talk about this phase here, right? The management ownership right there, you are going to becoming an asset manager, right? That's your role when you close and you own this building. You're the asset manager. Think of yourself like a seuite CEO and your job is just to ensure that the property manager, right? Property manager is doing their job. And there's a process for this that we teach. So that way you're checking in with them once a week. There's certain reports you look at. They should be able to answer those pretty quickly and provide those weekly reports to you, right? Weekly. And that way you know where a lot of the property's at. You you'll get a good idea of where the property's at. There are four reports that you should get every single week. And those four reports will tell you exactly where the property's at today and exactly where your property is going to be 90 days from now. those four reports will do that. Okay? And that's in that guide. So, this is all uh and a lot of it's here, right? A lot of the stuff I put right here, like if you want to know where your property is going to be at 90 days from now, it's going to be your delinquency list, your work orders, your unit availability, and then I would say a combo of this report here. these reports that will tell you exactly where your property's at today and where it's going to be at 90 days from now. These reports because it gives you a trend. Tells you where it's at right now, where it's going to be 90 days from now based on expiring leases, renewals, delinquency. Because if you have a lot of delinquency, what ends up happening? You have evictions, which means you're going to have vacancy. So, this gives you an indication of where your property is going to be 90 days from now. If you have a lot of delinquency now, you're going to have some evictions later, right? Work orders. If you have a bunch of work orders, that means you have pissed-off tenants, right? And that means if it's not getting handled quick enough, what do you think they're going to do? They're not going to renew. They're going to expire. They're going to leave, which means vacancy. So, that's why that's critically important. And this will give you a full report as to where everything's at. That'll tell you everything about the property and where it's at. Cool. All right. So, let's um before I jump into a couple deals, let's uh finish up a couple questions here if you guys have it around any of these steps that you may be in real quick. Right. Any steps in any of this stuff before I move on to a couple deals and analyzing those deals from anyone in here just so I have that correct? There we go. Yeah. Cool. Um yeah, there's here's your road map. So, if you're coming in and you and you're newer in here and stuff, hime and and stuff like that, you guys have all seen this um as we've kind of gone through this, but for for most of you, there's a, you know, a rhyme to the reason as you're kind of coming around setting up all this stuff. So, that way once you get to the stage that Julian's going into right now, and many of you have and are in once you get under contract, it's going to make the process a little easier because you've done all this setup, right? You've done all that setup going into it. All right, let me share my screen and then a couple deals that we're going to chat about. One of them is a little larger deal from Hayden and Matt. It's 122 unit in San Antonio, Texas. Actually, right around the corner from one of our properties. Um, so I'll share some of this info real quick. We'll bring this stuff up. There we go. All right. And here's the property. And let's do this. Boom. Boom. So, yeah, feel free to chat in. We have the chat open and stuff if you have questions and all that. We're going through it. But um so and I mentioned this to Hayden and Matt, what's a little bit challenging in the state of Texas, uh our property taxes and insurance and payroll. Payroll. So when you get to a larger property like this, you're going to have an on-site maintenance management people. Payroll and actual payroll. You have people dedicated to the property only. When you get to a larger size, what's hard in the state of Texas is this kind of middle range, smaller. It's big, but it's small, right? Really, where it starts to make sense is right around 150 units because then there's enough revenue, money, zeros, right, in the financials to be able to handle uh paying a full-time community manager. That's your property manager on site in the office. A full-time leasing agent who helps with the marketing and leasing. They're helping out in the office. So, you have what they call two people inside. And then you could get away with uh one maintenance person, right? Or one and a half kind of. And the property's financials and revenue can substantiate that. What makes it hard is when you get into this size where it's right around 100 to 125, 130 units where it's a big, you know, it's big property, but it's also a small property and the revenue and things make it hard to cover all of the expenses and payroll and issues that you may have at the property. And you know, and I've learned this, right? And you know, this is something you just had to learn, you know, because one of our properties is not too far from this one. So that's this is the medical district of San Antonio, right? This is kind of zooming out here, San Antonio, Texas. All right. And the medical district is in the northwest corridor. So good pocket, good area. Good pocket, good area. And then our property sits right here, riding up against this country club. This is ours right here. And you know, all these areas, this is all great stuff, right? Good little medical university, all that stuff, you know, good little pocket, good little area. And the one that he's uh they're talking about is is right here. And a good area, you know, um yeah, it's tucked back in there. Yeah, good little pocket. Medical Center Drive. Yeah, I mean, it's a you know, it's a good area. That's definitely not the problem. It's just making sure it would work, right? So, anyhow, that's the location of it. And you can see they got a little pool tot lot. Um, interesting about the roofs. That's definitely something to look at. You can see there's an issue there. But 1983 product, you know, nice kind of garden style apartment complex, 122 units. And here's the financials on it. So, and I got to get some details on um if that's the price or whisper price, the price they're trying to get. Um it's a little depressing when I see that uh knowing where our building's at. I mean, the market's struggling a bit right now. Uh but 30% down, 122 units, 1983 product, closing cost, all that stuff. You know what they did over here? They actually did this for themselves, just so you know. So, you know how that we have we have this in as a lump sum number, right? 472,000 bucks for closing costs. What they went and did is they came over here and they actually broke it down a little bit. All right, there's a little bit lower in this case, but they added some more in. But you can see how they're adding in the line items. That's just the detail. That's just the detail. Um, you know, we try and stray away from that because we know at the end of the day, all of these line items will be covered if you're right around, you know, 6% right on your closing cost. They're around four and a half, but right in that range, right? Obviously, the bigger deals, the bigger the deals are, you know, your closing cost. There's there's a fixed cost for things. So, yeah, you don't need to worry about as much. Um, when you get bigger that the closing cost number will go down a bit, uh, but they have a repair budget in here of about 700 grand. So, we would look at that, see how that's going to be going down. um 30-year 2-year. So, is this a I'm interested in the financing that they're talking about here. Um so, I'd want to look at that. It's a pretty good rate if they're doing uh two-year loan. It's interest only for two years. Okay, got it. So, they're bringing it in as equity. Okay, total equity of 4.3 million bucks. Bringing that in. Um, unit count mix. I mean, obviously for this size deal, you'd probably use our other proforma, but you know, you can plug it in here for just topofthe line look at it and seeing if it makes some sense. Uh, the expenses and stuff in here are fine. You can see how it's high right now, right? The current expenses, see where they're at on that. Um, that's not crazy abnormal for for San Antonio, for Texas right now. And that's why it's a challenge because on a small property like this, this is this is why you're seeing this at 65% expense ratio, that property can't work like that, you know, and it's even hard at 55. So, that's why I I personally would not do this deal. I wouldn't touch a deal in Texas at this point unless it's 150 units. Mainly because of the two biggest costs, insurance, which is a big problem, and property taxes. Right? These two guys right here are your two biggest ones. And then right behind it, it's going to be your payroll, right? Because you have to you have to staff a property correctly. Um, in on a property of this size, you need a leasing agent and a community manager. But because the property is a little smaller, less than 150 units, financially, it makes it harder to cover that expense and make the deal work, which is why you're seeing the expense ratios on this thing super high, right? Does this make sense? Chime in just so I I can understand that you're this is clicking, right? I mean because the pro because what ends up happening is you get economies of scale. So at around 150 units the payroll is still going to be the same but your revenue is going to be higher. So you're starting to widen the gap on the the profit. That's why you want to do that. And as you get smaller I would still have to staff this with the same number of people. Whether it's 120 units or 150 it's the same amount of people. So the payroll is the same. I just want more revenue. I need a bigger gap, right? I want a bigger gap. And that's why it's hard in Texas because of these three line items. These three line items make it tough uh in the state of Texas, which is why you need to watch it uh and just look at them. Smaller properties are fine in the in the space that you we're all dealing with right now, 10 to 30 units under 50, you're not going to have this problem as much. This problem starts when you get into larger deals, larger deals. So, um, so if rates drop, you can, but less than 150 units. Um, you still run into the same problem, Don. I mean, even across the board, it's just harder. Um, because you have to staff the property and, uh, property taxes are higher in Texas. You're always having to fight those. Insurance is higher in Texas because you have inclement weather. Um, San Antonio is better. Of all the areas, San Antonio and Austin are the best. Dallas and Houston are the worst. Um, but it's just things to keep in mind. Your insurance, your your your property taxes, and your payroll, those numbers are tough ones. And um, it's just you're out of whack right now with with the state of Texas because you know what's happening is revenues have dropped, right? I mean, I guarantee these rents right here, these rents are probably about 15% off their peak of of two years ago, 2023, they were probably 15% higher, maybe 20% higher, and they've dropped. Um, I would not anticipate any rent growth. That's another thing in this thing. I wouldn't even anticipate getting I mean, they're keeping a couple of these, but I would not anticipate any of these. that's not going up. There's not you're not going to see any rent growth in there until probably middle of next year. This this this year in Texas is a stabilization year. The reason why Texas is a stabilization year is because there's been so let's keep in perspective. There's been about 56,000 Let's just take 2025. 2025 there was about 56,000 new apartments built in the United States of America in the whole country. 56,000 new apartment units. 67% of those were in two states, Texas and Florida. Texas and Florida. Right? So you can imagine supply demand economics 101. Now you have an over supply in the market that's built. So construction has halted. That is done. And but what's happened as a result of that cuz now you have all the supply of new construction class A is those rents have dropped substantially. They're giving 2 3 months of concessions. Rents are down substantially so they can get them leased up. So what do you think that does to buildings like this that are 1983 product right? That's going to put downward pressure on them too. So they're getting hammered which means their vacancy rates are going up. Which is why like I even looked at this and they had vacancy and credit loss. Originally they had about 8% in here, right? No way in hell. No way in hell. A bare minimum 15 right now in the state of Texas. I don't think I would underwrite a property with less than a 15% economic loss, which includes vacancy, bad debt, loss to lease, and concessions. Right? Those four things, that's economic loss. So, when people talk about vacancy, our vacancy is only 8%. Okay, great. Let me see your delinquency and bad debt numbers. Let me see your concessions you're having to pay to keep people in there and get them in there. I guarantee they'll be at that number. Guaranteed. And maybe higher right now. Maybe higher. Our pro I don't even want to tell you what our property is operating at around the corner right now, but that is our problem child right now. Everything else in our portfolio is great. That's our problem child, which is odd. It's really odd and you know we're working through it but it is a dog fight. Um because it's a good property, right? So like you think you take a look at this one, right? And Turtle is it Turtle Creek? Is that what it is? Yeah, Turtle Creek. Okay. So this is the property, right? So let's just click on it and you know, use your assessment on and your feelings about the property. So you see it, right? All right. This is a 1983. Got a little barbecue. That's nice. Here's some of the interiors, which they've done a nice job on granite and stuff like that. So, they've done a nice job. Black, you know, so there's some rena stuff you could do here. Pretty decent little property. Have some fireplaces on some of them, popcorn ceilings and all that stuff. So, clean. I like the granite tops. Okay. So, decent little property. 1980s, right? So, that's that one. Little dog park and stuff like that. And then, um, you know, just, you know, mile away, you come in and, you know, here's ours, right? So, we renovated this. It was pretty rough in the beginning, but we came in here and renovated it. Put in this kids thing courtyard area, little yards, town homes, and you get in some of the I think they should have some interiors here. Those are town homes. Oh, that's not good. That's not there anymore. That's weird. Uh oh, these Oh, these must be from the Oh, Darius. I don't know. Some people sharing some photos. That's interesting. Uh and then you have the if it goes to the website. Yeah. So, property website on it. So, we're offering one month free rent, right? But then you see where our rents and stuff are at and then you see some of the galler and the photos and stuff like that. But this property is is suffering right now. Right here's some of the interiors. You know, it's market based. I'd say 80% of it's due to the market. 20%'s due to some operational stuff that we have to improve on. Uh retention rates, you know, stuff like that. But gives you an idea between the two types of properties. This is a 1970 property that we've improved. The other one you're looking at, that turtle one a mile away is a 1983 property. There's some benefits in that little newer age, but you can see what we did here. I mean, pretty pretty good for what it is. Um, but you know, the vacancy rates in the area are struggling. So, keep that in mind, you know, when people are looking at these things. Uh, a couple quick questions. Um, but let me come back to the financials real quick as we're looking at this. And so you come down here. I mean, this thing it's it's pretty tight, right? I mean, I don't like this. I definitely want to look at the cash on cash and I'd want to look at their interest rates and stuff to really see how they're financing this. Um, I think you're going to need 35% down in my opinion based on the financials and what's going on in the market. Um, and it's really just verifying a lot of these income numbers, trying to see how this is working out, delinquency, stuff like that. Um, 15. I mean, it makes it tough because you come in here to your waterfall and you know, it's you're no investors are coming in for that. So, realistically, I mean, you're going to probably have to get this thing right now. And that's why it's tough. It's tough in the market. You sometimes you don't even want to look at these numbers because this makes me sick to my stomach right now knowing that uh we bought ours for about 12 million bucks. Um so you don't want to look at it right now, which is why you got to hold on to it. Just got to hold and and let it ride. That would make some sense. Um that would start to make some sense if you can pick it up at that. That's I mean that's that's scary. Yeah, I don't even want to look at that right now. Got you know just keep keep trucking along. Markets change all the time very quickly. So you can't look at it as it is right now. It's it's challenged market. Uh Sandon says commercial properties including apartment buildings are taxed at higher effective rates. The average commercial property tax rate in Texas is 1.83. That's correct. San Antonio and I mean I'd say a lot of areas are over two 2.1 2.2 2.25 right in there pretty common. Um we fight property taxes every year. So that's another thing I learned about the state of Texas so everybody understands this. It's a it's you want to talk about cowboys and Indians. Um it really is that. Let me show you what I mean by that. So and I learned this. Okay. So you have the the county, right? Just so everybody knows, with Texas, you have the county assessor, right? The county assessor. And then you have tax attorneys, tax attorneys, county assessors. This is like a big revolving door. It's like Washington DC, right? You get a politician and then they go into the private sector and then they lobby and they keep just revolving in and out of lobbying and public and private and public and private and public and they just who one pocket next pocket type thing. This is what's going on in Texas. You'll literally have county assessors who will leave the government job. They become a tax attorney consultant at the tax attorney offices. Okay, they know all the county assessors. So then they take them coffee and donuts and they have breakfast together and they all chitchat and then they get properties reassessed and it's a whole business model. And meanwhile, you know, they they take us as owners, which is totally fine. They take it pro bono, right? They don't charge for the services, but then they pre-negotiate all these numbers down and they will fight your property taxes for you. And it's one big circle jerk. I mean, it's unbelievable, but that's what's happening in Texas. Yeah. So, assessors become tax attorneys, then they get there for a while and they're like, "Eh, let's go back to the government job, turn around, become a it's just literally this over and over again. It's a whole industry. It's wild. Wild." Um, but that's what's going on in Texas. Um, Shannon also said, "Yes, 1.83%. Uh, they save you quite a bit." Uh Johnny, yeah, they save you quite a bit. Um it's it's worth it. It typically starts to make sense on bigger properties. Um but I mean to give you perspective, they only take about they take about 20% of what they save you, right? But we're we we save a lot. Like we're just so you get an idea, we started we were assessed at about 13 million some time ago, right? which is well below its value because in 2023 our value on our building there I just showed you was about 17 million in 2023. I don't even want to know what it is now. Doesn't matter. The uh we're getting it reassessed now at like 7.8. But you know that's what the attorneys will do and they'll drop your taxes which is great but you have to do it every year. It's not like a one-time thing. So, you got to do it every year, which becomes an expense, but you're not paying it until you you save the money, right? Because the it's either property taxes or attorneys, right? Property taxes or attorneys. So, you have to pay the money. You're just saving it and then you're giving it to the attorneys, a sum of it, 20 30% of it. So, it it it does work, right? The financials work out otherwise you wouldn't do it. But that's why it's such a circle jerk because it just it's a whole business model and they all just they all know each other and they all take each other coffee and donuts and hang out and they know each other's first names probably their wives and husbands and dogs and kids and I mean it's it's wild. It's wild but that's how that that's working in the state of Texas and and it has done that for years. It's not new. So yeah, with this deal this deal um I would not do it mainly because of the property size. the property size, not because it's necessarily a bad deal, um, but because of the property size, it's going to make it tough to financially run that property. Um, so I would want to see at least if it were 135 units or greater, I'd probably really look at it because even those 15 units, right, 10 or 15 units extra will make a big difference, right? That's another $15,000 or or more a month in revenue, which will help with the payroll and help with revenues and streams and stuff like that. So, that's that one. Now, let's finish up with this one. This is John's deal, little 16 unit in Missouri. Uh, it's this one right here. So, this is in Kansas City, outside of Kansas City, south of Kansas City. And it's a set of duplexes, right? It's eight duplexes sitting in a cool little suburb of Kansas City. Kind of nice. And they're all duplexes, which I'm guessing, John, um, they take care of their own utilities. That's why the expenses I'll show you the financials here in a second, but that's why the financials are different. Um, I'm guessing. And then I think John, you're still in here. Yeah, you are. John, can I bring you up to talk? Do you want to talk real quick before we finish up? I'll shoot you the option and you can maybe come in on that if you'd like. &gt;&gt; Yep. Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Got it. Hello. &gt;&gt; If you can't, that's fine, too. Can you hear me, John? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can hear you. I'm trying to talk. &gt;&gt; I'll just keep going through it, though. But that's the duplexes. Here's the the OM on it. But, you know, 2000 product. I think it's 2000. Um, I think it's 2000 and Oh, maybe maybe maybe it was on my end where I didn't have the speaker. &gt;&gt; Ah. &gt;&gt; Uh, it should be set up. Oh, I know why. &gt;&gt; AUX mode. &gt;&gt; Now you can talk, John. Now you can hear me. Now we got you. There we go. &gt;&gt; Um, so yeah, but you know, nice little properties, little duplexes built, you know, 2000 or newer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, pretty cool looking. So I'm guessing they pay all their utilities, &gt;&gt; correct? &gt;&gt; Okay. So that's why the expenses were different and stuff. So &gt;&gt; battery. &gt;&gt; Oh, got a little battery. I may lose you here in a second. Um, the interesting part was there's a basement that could be finished on all of them. add another bedroom or a bath. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And the upside according to the broker is like, you know, $375 a unit kind of as they are. Maybe more than that if you do the do the work. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; To upgrade them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's got the tenant stuff here for all that trash. Okay. Got it. So, that makes sense. Yeah. And here's kind of your financials on it. So, I mean, they're they're asking a lot per unit. Granted, it's a newer product, you know, stuff like that. Um, obviously it's all going to come down to financials, but yeah, that's pretty hefty per unit, but it's a duplex. They're town homes, you know, they're they call them technically they're twin homes. That's what these would technically be called, a twin home where they're they're attached, right? But they're kind of like they're they're town homes that are attached. So, it's like a twin home is really what they would call it. &gt;&gt; Um, but yeah, 2004 age, all this is fine. 30%, all that's good. And then yeah, your expenses are lower here mainly because of tenant paid for a lot of stuff. So everything else looks pretty good in there. Management's higher because of the type of product. That makes sense around 7% 8%. Um maintenance and repair is going to be a little bit lower. This is probably your number you'd probably want to look at here is right around there. Right. For these, we just want to pay attention to those pretty closely. Um I Yes, it will be lower. That is true. Um but it's probably going to be higher than that, more than 4,000 a year. Uh depending I mean I guess it depends on how the leases and stuff are set up, but I would really watch these numbers here. Um those are going to affect you. I think those are low. Um I'd really want to look into that and verify those numbers. uh reserves and everything are fine. Everything else there is fine. So let's presume that that is where it is. Obviously these numbers don't work, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So then we just got to start backing into it because if all things are equal, right? &gt;&gt; Meaning the revenue is what it is, right? Here's the rents. Here's where you're going to move it to. Do you know what the square footages are of these? &gt;&gt; Uh I don't remember exactly. They're pretty good. They're two They're two levels. &gt;&gt; It's in that,200 square feet. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Let's see what it says here. They got to have rent roll. Oh, they're larger. Yeah. 26 2700 ft. It's a good size. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's two level. It's up and down. It's two level. &gt;&gt; So, let's just do 2700 square f feet for simple math. Um, so if those rents are what they are, right? Um, so they sold these things. Am I missing that? Right. &gt;&gt; I I talked to the broker a little bit about maybe because because at 2.8 it doesn't work. And she she she claims there's like 2.7. They got some talk and some offers in that ballpark. And I said, "Well, that financially doesn't work, but what if I sold two or four of those units for $300,000 or 300, maybe closer to $400,000?" So, she got some comps for me. &gt;&gt; So, the person owns them now, they it's basically what this is called is a BFR, right? A build for rent. And I don't know if they built it that way or this is just one guy owns them all, right? And so, he has all these twin homes and stuff, which are great, right? It's all great. Uh it's just a matter of the financials, right? &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; So um yeah and it's I mean it just I mean obviously even with this environment, right? See how the purchase cap based on existing financials is 5.58, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; It's just really hard, right? In in an environment where interest rates are six, six and a quarter, six and a half. So that's why it just makes it tough because this thing would have to probably be right around here or lower. See, now you're at a six, right? So, you can operate. Remember, I always said you can typically buy things if you have a half point spread. Meaning, if your interest rates are 6 and a half and you're buying at a six, you can do that. Like, that can work, right? That can work. But not much more than that. You can't have it where it was because watch what's going to happen when I scroll down and show you the financials, the metrics. It's going to start to make some sense. See how that's starting to make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that's because this gap up here between the because keep in mind cap rate, your cap rate is your is your cash on cash return. That is your actual cash return without any loans on the property. So now if you go stick six and a quarter or 6 and a half% interest rates, right, that's what you have to pay for your money, but you're only getting six. Is there a problem? Yep. So, if you get the six, if you're paying six and a quarter, you have a problem. Now, you can typically operate up to a half point gap and still make it work, but you know, you want to be tactful with that. But this this does work, right? I mean, it's still a little tighter, but it you could make this work. But, I would really look at these numbers here. Your your maintenance and turnover, it seems super low. You just want to dig into those. And but I mean from a from a no-brainer perspective, 22 all day long, right? 22 all day long. This thing will scream. There you go. Right. When that thing rocket ships. Um and then you start working your way up. Right. So it's just trying to find that balance between seller and you seeing if there is a gap to fill. Yeah. I mean know what Yeah. I'd run the dynamic. What if you know you you're going to lose the revenue, but you're going to get revenue from a sale. So, you just want to take the profit margin that you would make from a sale. So, let's say you sold two of them and you kept six for simple. I'm sorry, you sold uh two units, kept 14 of the 16. So, you you sold a duplex, right? &gt;&gt; And you kept the other ones. You sold one, kept seven. Seven duplexes, 14 units. So I would say, okay, what is the profit margin? What is the net net that I make on those two units and add that into the cash that I get, right? Because that's that could boost you and actually help give returns to you and your investors to run this thing out. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. You just take the profit and throw it back at the property to buy. &gt;&gt; So what you would manually enter that? Yeah. You would you would manually enter that right in here. &gt;&gt; Okay. It's going to it's I think the speaker is going to turn off because it's out of battery. We we'll get that set for next week. But point being is here. Let's say you sold it here in year two, right? I would just add in whatever the profit, whatever the net is. Let's say I was going to make 250 grand. I would add that in there to my free cash flow here. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; And that's going to change my cash flow here. Right? So now this number here, watch what happens. We'll finish off on this. rather than it being 90,615, right? Which is this number here, that number is now going to be plus the 250,000 that I'm getting from the sales. Now my IRRa is 22%. See what just happened to that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So now rather I mean I'll go back and watch this happen is all I did is I took the profits that I'm going to make from selling those two town homes. I added it in. And then I'm going to just make sure this formula right here. Just come up here. Hit that. Plus, oops. Plus my 250 in net. You can just do this by hand. And look what happened to my IRRa right here. I went from a 19 or 18, whatever that is. And that's presuming I'm buying it for 23 or whatever the number is. Um, but it jumped it up. We went from 17.7 to 22%. pretty healthy and you're going to get a big chunk of cash coming out of the sale. &gt;&gt; And that is that distributed right away. &gt;&gt; 23% annual rate of return on your money. I'll take that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. So, that could work. But that's obviously buying it at a 2.3 price, which you know, I don't know what where that's at, but that that's the holy grail on this thing. If you could buy it right around there, two, threeish, right? Uh, and then sell one of the deals, uh, that, you know, that way you keep revenue, you keep everything else, and you just get rid of a duplex and you keep seven of them. That could work. And then you, you know, depending on what the the net net is by selling them. Uh, but that would be cool. That's that's one way in. Um, the only challenge you're going to have in that is the financing, right? Because you're going to put a loan on all eight duplexes. So, you would have to discuss, it wouldn't be an agency debt. And we'll finish off here. It would not be like Fanny or Freddy. You're not getting a loan from them. It's going to be a local commercial bank. And what you would have to do is talk to that commercial bank and give them the business plan and tell them, "Hey, we have a right to sell these things and we will pay off the loan right on these units uh and see if they will allow what's called a they call it a release schedule." And that allows you to release the debt specific to those two units. And then that way now they'll have their debt on seven but their debt's reduced, right? So now your loan is no longer, you know, 1.6. It probably goes down to 14 for simple math, right? &gt;&gt; And so they'll have 14 loan on it now versus 16. And that's spread over the 14 versus the 16. But that's a discussion which is why it's going to need to be a local commercial bank because those are the ones that are agile enough to work with a scenario like this where you would buy it as 16, sell off two within call it 24 months. Then you're left with 14 units left and they would release the debt on those two units. It's an option. It's an option. Creative one, but an option. &gt;&gt; I would definitely discuss that. and then it could work if you can buy it the right way. Um yeah. So, um yeah, and John, we'll take a look at that um applicable on that deal you just sent over. So, we'll take a look at that to see if that is applicable. Um but that's an option where you can go in and sell them off. It's tougher. It's tougher to do that. Banks don't really like that. They don't really like it, but they'll do it. Okay. Um All right. I know we're over time. I'll be respectful, but I want to go through these two deals and then also showing you guys and breaking all this stuff down that we went through on the closing process going through that road map. So, I hope this was helpful. This was recorded, so we'll put this up into your portal here in the next few days and rock and roll. You're welcome, Julian. You're welcome. Um, awesome. All right, everybody. Have a great rest of your Thursday. Any questions, let us know. Send in the deals. Let's make some things happen. Thanks, guys.