body coming on in. Hello. Hello. Happy Thursday, Chna. Good to see you, Doug. You too. This is the the updated link, so we'll see how many people get it. We sent it out uh late last night and updated it in everybody's portals and then put it out into the chat uh today as well. Um Paula, heads up for you. Uh we're looking at a couple right now, so we may be sending that over um over the weekend. A couple properties um that we're looking at to uh to shoot your way. Uh question Paula, with you. So, I know you have Tennessee, you got uh you know, North Carolina, and then it's Florida, right? Like those three mainly. Oh, now Oklahoma even opens up some more. I like Oklahoma. uh should be going in there to Oklahoma, Oklahoma City and Tulsa and stuff, but Oklahoma City primarily um with um Dan and Ellie uh in the community. Uh that's where we're probably going to end up in Oklahoma. So um that'll be interesting one. We'll uh wait just a minute here. Um wow. Could be a light light attendance today if people didn't get the uh the updated uh Oh, you'll be there Tuesday. Awesome. Yeah, let me put this in the chat for everybody again. Not this chat, but the community chat. Then we put it up in the back end. Um, and then Uh then let's text it out to everybody real quick. See if we can get everybody on here. See, we have some more folks coming in. Kurt, good to see you. Um so yeah, it's nice. Uh so I did get the the feedback on that for the the brand kind of the brand once a month calls on that end of it around kind of the social media and the branding and call it mindset, but it's really brand setting up the brand side of it. So, looks like there's enough interest there to reignite that. So, we're going to go ahead and do that here. Um, and get that in because it sounds like there's some folks in there. Perfect. Looks like everybody's coming in for that now. Yeah, this is the the updated link for the Thursday uh calls and so we updated the portals and everything, you know, for you in there. We just dropped it in the chat. So, thanks for coming in. Good to see you, Hunter. Um, everybody in here, seeing everybody come in here. Scott, good to see you. Beautiful. All right, so some folks are coming in. They're getting they're getting the updates. So, yeah, in the back end of your portal now where it has the calls uh thumbnail, right? The call thumbnail. You'll have this link in there now. And once you register for one of them, uh you're registered for all of them. So, just for the future on that, um we'll go through that. Um, so what I'm going to do today, a couple things. Number one, I'm going to jump into the backend into your dashboard into that landing page uh for a deal specifically. And we're going to kind of play around with that a little bit. And I'll kind of show you that um and kind of show you how you could edit it yourself if you want. Or of course you can have, you know, Koya or Sherpa or any of them doing the editing for you. But it's pretty self-explanatory. So we'll we'll jump into that. Uh, I'm going to try and call some brokers today. Hopefully, it doesn't um have the same issue we had last week with the audio on the camera. So, we'll give that a try. Um, see if that works in here. But, we should be we should have better audio setup. I'll even check. Let's see if I can change the mic here. Hold on one second here. Let's try this mic. Testing. One, two, three. Get that closer. So that way this may be a different frequency mic because we were having that frequency issue last week. Uh Kevin, good to see you in here. Everybody's coming in now. Beautiful. Okay, Jaden, good to see you as well. Bruce and Alen, awesome. Okay. Yeah. So, let's go ahead and get I'm going to share my screen and kind of we're going to jump into the back end, but this is, you know, goes back to, you know, once you have a deal, right? and or in this case, if you're going to be doing a mock deal and we're going to be getting into this capital foundation side, you know, once you've set up the business, everything's locked and loaded, you've done market selections, you know, we've done the three states, narrow it down to one, and now you're in there starting to call on brokers and get that deal flow and make those relationships happen with the brokers. And then you set up your market trip where you're flying out to that market because this market trip is what's going to really allow it to shift from on the phone. Yeah, we have a connection, but I haven't really met you yet. I don't know you yet. Meaning the broker to Okay, now we're face to face. I've gotten to know you a little bit. I feel more comfortable with you and I see that you know you're serious about this because I went to your website. I got to learn a little bit about you and your story. I've got to meet you face to face now. You know, you're coming out here. You're taking the time to look at the market, meet with me, meet with other property managers, meet with lenders, meet with renovation construction crews. So, you're like serious about doing this and now I'm going to take you seriously. So, therefore, I can probably send you some more deals. So, that's why that market trip is so important. And then now you come into the capital foundation side and we talked about that's why step two is so important and getting the business stuff set up because now kind of coming in and creating soft commitments from your database building the relationships with the lenders and it was great. I was chatting with Christian um yesterday because he had only reached out to Scotty Nielsen, right? One of the lenders in the back end with W. He's not with Walker Dunlap anymore. He's with another uh lending house, but they focus on what's called agency debt, which is Freddy or Fanny May. Freddy Mack or Fanny May. Those loans are great loans. The challenge with it as a newer investor, it's going to be harder for you to get that if you don't have partners that are on the loan with you that uh have done it and have a track record. Uh just Fanny May and Freddy Mack are really anal about that. Um so it's having that track record with loans with them, it's going to be a hindrance. Hence the reason why the lenders that are going to do the deals for you are going to be local commercial banks and credit unions. So, in the back end, HB Capital, right, Hannah and or even MBP Capital or any of those guys have access to the local lenders and the local credit unions. So, reaching out to them here at stage six is really important. Just introduce yourself and say, "Hey, I'm so and so. I'm with Justin's community, blah, blah, blah, cuz they know and I just want to reach out to introduce myself, send you some information about me, and I have a couple deals I'd like to get some soft quotes on." So that way you can go through that song and dance and they can give you a soft quote. You can see what they're going to request from you, which is typically the financials on the property and a little bit of info and they can provide you just a nice soft quote on the deal. Nothing nothing other than like a pre pre-approval. And that's just going to allow you to get into their database and that way you have some sort of a relationship you're building with them. So that way when you actually get to the point of offer written and then deals and you're going to lock up a deal, you already kind of know you have some lender relationships and you can talk to the brokers and the people about that because what's going to happen right around this stage as Doug has found out and many others is the broker before they give you the deal, they're going to be asking you some questions around the capital. Hey, do you have your lending lined up or who do you go for financing? That's going to come up. Uh, okay. In case you don't have all the equity, understand. So, you bring in some. Yes, I do. Where do you get the rest? Well, we syndicate that. Okay. How do you do that? Do you have investors set up that you've already, you know, put into your database? Blah blah blah blah. Actually, yes, I have. And we've already warmed them up. They're aware of our situations. They know the types of deals we're doing. And so, we feel fairly confident that when we go back out to them, you know, we can raise some money. And hence the reason why step six, soft deal, right? when you're doing that mock deal and getting the soft quotes and setting up the lending and the equity side at stage six is so critical because it will come up again right at stage eight when you're about to get a deal and you've done all this hard work to set it up and you're like it's between you and maybe one other offer or you and two other offers. What's going to set you aside from the other two is having been out to the market, which is why you met the broker here, built the relationship, and then you come around to get a deal under contract, and you could say, "Yeah, I've already spoken with such and such lenders. They've already given me a soft quote. I just sent it over to you. Here's how we raise our equity from our database, and here's the people in my database and our systems, and here's what we send out to them." And we've already done this, this, this, this, and this. So, we feel fairly confident that we can raise three, four, five, 700,000 and close the deal. And it just gives that broker like, "Okay, you got your together. Even though it may be your first rodeo, you're well trained." That's why that's so important because that will get you across the finish line to actually get that deal locked and put it into contract because if you don't do that, then you're going to hit a wall and you're going to be like, "Oh, I lost out on another deal." Well, yeah, it's because the broker didn't feel confident you could close it. And the reason why is because we didn't showcase it to them going through these stages. So, that's why this is so important. So, I want to show you in your back end, just kind of going back to that the the websites, right, that get set up. So, I'm using um I'll use uh let's see, this is Yeah, Roco Capital. Yeah. So, this is um Mario and his um his sons and stuff. back in here. So, this is your back end. Uh, all of you guys have this as part of your um your backend too. You have your websites and stuff which all of you have. And then you have the funnel section which most of you are aware of at this point. And then you have these templates back in. You don't need to worry about this business funnel. He doesn't even need this. Me delete that. I think it's just a template that gets put in there. Yeah. Well, why is it Just want to make sure that Okay, cool. Yeah. So, he doesn't need this. We can delete that baby. Got. So, now you have the deal funnel template, which is like a landing page. And so, when you get a deal or you're getting close to getting a deal or you're going to go through a mock deal, right, this would get done. You click the edit button. It's just a single page landing page that would talk about the deal. Talk about the deal. Let load here real quick. Slow internet today. Victor, I see your hand up. Um, do you got a quick question in the chat or do you want to come up in chat? I can I bring you up to talk? You want to do that? Um, so this is your landing page. Uh, this will all mimic your website stuff um when you come in. So this logo stuff changes, this menu all can change. It's all editable here on the right. And then same thing here, all this header stuff, it would all mimic your website. And then same thing here, you change the name to the deal, you know, deal name, you know what it is here. Want to learn more? You would attach your pitch deck in here. So you can you can actually have this pop open. It can download a file as well. You can do a popup to where it opens up a popup and then you'd actually edit your popup uh right here to popup settings, right? Popup settings. This little icon up here and you have this popup you can edit. So that way you can edit, you know, your popup and how it's submitting and stuff. So that way you can capture people's info and then send them the pitch deck. Um, so that's always great. They can download the pitch deck from it. You know, you can give a little summary in the deal with some photos. These photos are all editable. If you just click on them, you can edit all these things on the right hand side. These are all editable and you can change them all. Um, summary video that we always put in here. That could just be a YouTube link. So, if you click it, you can add in a YouTube link. You would add the video up here. So, all these elements, if you see a plus up here, it says add an element. You have all these things you can add in there. Videos, all kinds of stuff, right? It's all drag and drop. So, I can take this and drop it in, right? Drop everything in text and all that stuff. It's all drag and drop. And same thing here. It's all templated. You can change, you know, this detail here about the deal. The investment opportunity, some details about it, more photos that are all editable. You can click on each one and edit it. If you click on it, you just change it here. So, you come over here, click on it, click the little photo button on the right, it comes in to your media storage, and you can upload video, you can upload uh pictures, photos, all kinds of stuff in here. And then that would upload the the photo. More of the business plan. Talk with us. This should go straight to your calendar if you click on it. The link is down here. It's going to open up into a popup and people can submit their information or you could change it and have it go to a link which would be your website, right? Website URL. Uh I think it can also go to a calendar. Maybe it's the website URL and then the calendar link. Yeah, so website URL and then the calendar. So that can go there and all this stuff. So single page just editable for each deal. And then in terms of getting like the URL and stuff uh and connecting a domain and all that. So I'll cancel out of this and show you. So, when you're back in this section, uh, click on settings and you're going to see in here the domain. So, he has, you know, Roka Capital Partners. So, I want to select that. It's already set up. Uh, DealFunnel template. I could save this for one, two, three, 4 East, you know, East Street or whatever. Change the pathway to one, two, three, four East Street. So that way that's the URL. So it's roac capital partners.com1234E Street and I'll save that. Right. So now I have my URL and then all I need to do is you can launch it right here. Visit the funnel URL right here. Also this one here, but you just want to click on this. It would launch it. See how it's going to launch the page. It's going to pull up here. See it has the URL right here. I can save that in my notes on my phone, save it anywhere I want it, so I have it readily available to me anywhere I go. And that way, whoever I talk to, I mean, it could be at your your kids, you know, you know, music recital and like, "Yeah, you're buy an apartment." So, because I have it like literally in my phone and anywhere I'm at like if somebody if I don't even know them, if I know them, I don't care. I'll say, "Yeah, let me shoot you over the link real quick." and I'll text it to them right to their phone and it'll pull it up right in their phone and then that way they have it and they're ready to go. Um, and then they can download the um they can download the pitch deck from it. They can do everything from it right from it. Uh, they can connect with you, set up a calendar invite, have a phone conversation, all that stuff straight from this landing page. Which is why that little link and then having the PDF pitch deck, that's all you need once it's locked and loaded because you can send that out rapid fire to anyone you come across that has any interest or knows anyone, right? Because it's all about asking who they know that you can send it to. Yeah, let me send you the link in the in the pitch deck real quick. So, I'll I'll have that all saved right notes on my my iPhone. And I can send that out right from the notes on my iPhone with a little email. It says, "Hey, thanks for connecting with you. Here's the link to more details and the attached pitch dej. Let me know who you know. I'll follow up. Thanks so much. Boom. That's it. And let it let it ride and all the work's done. And let this kind of tell the story. Which is why if you have a short little summary video, right? See if it wants to load. Group for quick summary video in San Diego, California market city. I'm going to go over it's gonna be a summary video. We have a great detail one's &gt;&gt; audio. Oh, there we go. &gt;&gt; Just to kind of gauge where you're at, give you some information. &gt;&gt; You guys hear the audio on it or no? &gt;&gt; So, let's get to it. Okay. So, the property is currently named Admirality. We're going to be rebranding to High Point 50 units. What's super unique and rare about this deal is that originally it was built in 1982 as a condo complex, not apartments, condo complex. So, individual utilities. So, you notice like I'm literally now I'm I'm using my vibe board, but you could have a video just like this where you're sharing the screen just like this and walking through the pitch deck. And many of you have, some of you have done some great ones that are nice summary videos just walking through it, you know, five to 10 minute video going over the summary highlights. It allows anybody that has any deeper interest to kind of get to know you and your personality, see if you kind of know what you're talking about and get more comfortable to be able to schedule than a phone call or download the pitch deck and look for more information more information. But that's the whole purpose of this. And it just it sets a tone of professionalism. And if I mean, think about this for a minute. If this is going out and you have all this set up and you're doing it in this mock deal stage where you're setting up your capital foundation before you actually ever have a real deal, then by the time you get to the real deal, they've already seen this song and dance. They've already seen this landing page. They've experienced that. They've already seen the pitch deck. They've experienced that. They've already seen the summary stuff and all that stuff that you do. They've experienced that. They've seen your website. They've experienced it. Now they've attached a new identity to you. Now you're no longer Justin the realtor. Now you're also Justin the realtor and multif family investor and or you know so and so single family flipper fix and flipper multifamily investor or dentist multif family investor. You get the point. That's the whole purpose of that is to start shifting people's identity so that way you're not going from you're not trying to go from zero to hero with people when you're trying to raise money when you have a deal locked up. You already warmed them up. And so that way, you know, 30 60 days later when a real deal hits, they're like, "Oh yeah, I remember this like 60 days ago when he was doing this. It's really cool. I talked to him about it and he's in multif family now and he's not just, you know, fixing people's teeth as a dentist or whatever it is, right? That's the whole concept is they're trying to attach an identity to you beyond your current profession and that'll allow that money to come in a little easier. Um Doug, did you have a question? I can bring you up and let you chat. Let me see if that does. And then same thing. Uh I don't know, Victor, if you want to do that, but Doug, I'll talk real quick. So on my landing page, you helped me go in there and change the URL to Vista Oaks and then I published it. Now &gt;&gt; I published it and saved it. But when I put the link in the web address, nothing. The original comes up, not the one I made. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's take a look at that. That's weird. Uh, very strange. Uh, what's your back end again? Uh DS holdings for &gt;&gt; Candy Sandy or Tandra. &gt;&gt; Yeah, got it. &gt;&gt; Okay, give me one second and I'll pull this up and share. Okay, all that's good. Okay. All pulling up right now, but let me share with you what I'm seeing. Okay. Uh it could just be the sequencing of it, but I'll walk you through that. So, you see this URL up here, &gt;&gt; right? I'm on my phone cuz I'm driving, but yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Yeah, as long I don't know if you can see the shared screen, but this URL up top is the correct one. ds united Holdings.com/vvisista &gt;&gt; oaks. &gt;&gt; And then in terms how I got to Yeah. How I got to that &gt;&gt; um when you're in this kind of back end to get that because you have it set up correctly. I was in the settings. &gt;&gt; You've done that correct. That's correct. Everything's fine. It's saved. Um, and then coming back, I just clicked on this visit the funnel. It launched it and it did pull up the correct URL. So, I would copy that and then, you know, I could put that into anything. If I um let me just open up a uh an incognito tab and test it on incognito real quick. &gt;&gt; Yeah, same thing. Yeah, I saved the save the tab, put it in my notes. When I clicked on it, it pulled up the original, not the new one. So, &gt;&gt; okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; looks like it's working on yours. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but let me I'll put it in my notes. I'll just try and go through this like you Oh, I know why. I know why. And you're going to hate me for this, but this is what we're I'll have to talk to the group and see how they do this. I know why. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Because you didn't edit the mobile version &gt;&gt; because you're pulling it up on your phone. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, the desktop and I think it's because of the way it's set up. Uh &gt;&gt; and I could and I've already talked to Coy and Sherpa about this. So that way the uh when you when you change it on the uh mobile version it will change it on the desktop but when you change it on the desktop it doesn't change it on the mobile all the time. Um let me show &gt;&gt; the mobile version basically have to totally be redone from beginning to end. &gt;&gt; Well right. So like this is the desktop right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you did all this. It's great. And then you see like when you click on this little mobile icon up here gets you to the mobile version. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; This has the old original version on it. Um I will ask Koya if he I will ask him if he can just adjust this for you &gt;&gt; just easily. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; He's more of a techie on it. He may be able to quickly do it. Um, and then I'm also going to ask him, cuz he originally set up these templates, &gt;&gt; if he can if there's a way to do it for everyone that is set up currently versus, you know, new people, right, which is set up &gt;&gt; because, yeah, you have to edit both the desktop and the mobile, which is annoying. I get it. Um, but yes, that is correct. So that's why you keep clicking on it and it's it's pulling up the original even though your URL is correct. But &gt;&gt; okay, &gt;&gt; yeah, you would have to come through here and change this to vanish point again and come through here which I get it. It's annoying. Um, thank God it's only one page. Um, but let me see what I can do. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you. You bet. &gt;&gt; I gotta go. Talk to you guys later. Okay. Cool. Uh yeah, Christian, yes, said the same thing. Mobile person and that is correct. So that is what's going on. I'll make note of that. Cool. Uh but yeah, I know it has to do with the mobile versus desktop. So you have to edit both. You have to edit both currently. Um because it doesn't carry it doesn't carry everything over. it'll it's weird. It'll carry some things but not like everything. Um, so that's why you have to edit both currently. So, but that's that. So, kind of showing you that back end. So, that way for all of you that are at kind of the stage of, you know, you've done stage one, stage two, stage three, stage four, you're in the middle of it, right? Market trip, middle of it. Now you're in this capital foundation stage of setting the stage for the money and reaching out to the lenders that are currently in the back end introducing yourself. Uh Hannah Capital is great. Uh MVP Capital's great. All those are I would probably stay away from Scotty Mielen and stuff right now because he's Fanny and Freddy. Um, unless you unless you have a track record with Fanny or Freddy cuz they're they just what's interesting is, you know, back in 2018, 2019, even 2020, you could go get an agency loan on a smaller asset and not have to have like a track record with Fanny or Freddy as much because things have tightened a little bit. Now, they're very anal about that. So, that has changed the lending with Freddy or Fanny for your first deal. perfect for a refinance and perfect for uh your second deal. Uh and your first one's probably going to be with a local commercial bank or a local credit union. Hence the reason HP Capital, Hannah Capital in the back, they have access to all the local lenders and local uh credit unions in your markets. They do nationwide. And then MPPP Capital, same thing, right? they have access to a lot of the local uh commercial banks and credit unions nationwide. So, you know, utilizing them and making that connection. And then on top of that, you know, when you come in here and do the market trip, you're also meeting a couple local lenders through the brokers, right? Let the brokers be that gateway in, hey, do you know any couple local banks or credit unions that you can connect me with and I'll go in and, you know, say hi to them. Absolutely. Absolutely. Uh it's a really good sign when you do that and it's a great sign when the broker connects you with it because that's kind of them saying, "Okay, these people are serious. They've taken the time to come out here. They've taken the time to meet with me. They've taken the time to meet local bankers. They've set up the infrastructure. the team's in place. So that way if I award them a deal, I feel pretty good that these people can close and they're being taught well and they have good support systems and good support team and everybody behind them that they can come in and close a deal. Um, yeah, Julian, you got your lender through the broker gave me a whole list of options. Beautiful. Yeah, and they usually will because the brokers are your gate, they're your gateway. I mean, they, you know, the good ones, right? They have the connections in the market. And then, you know, property managers have the connections with uh renovation crews. Anybody who's going to do renovations and construction, any kind of work on your properties, the property managers have those connections. The brokers have property managers and lenders. That's their kind of gateway in uh the main people with that one. So, uh beautiful. Okay. Let's uh for the last 30 minutes here, let's call some brokers. Let me pull it up. Hopefully, it sounds like the audio is going to work here. We won't run into the same issues we did last week. So, you should all be able to hear when we call here. Anywhere you guys want to go. Throwing some throw in some states, some cities. Um, last week we went went to Columbus. Columbus, Ohio. This week we can go anywhere. Want to go to Alabama? Why is the internet so slow? Let's go to OKC. Okay, let's go to OKC. Paula, I saw that, Bruce. Maybe we can go to Utah. We can look at that. Um, OKC. I like OKC. Why is my correction so slow? Come on. Maybe I have too many tabs open. I don't think so. See, get this thing moving. There we go. All right. Log in here real quick. We're going to go to multifamily. Oh, I need to make sure I'm I remember that whole sale thing. uh remember last week cuz KY changed their um how you log in and all that stuff. We couldn't see the properties for sale. You guys remember that? Uh Oklahoma City. Let's do that. Oklahoma. Let's go to state of Oklahoma. We're going to look at multifamily. Beautiful. Let's apply that. All right. Let me share my screen. Let it pull up here. All right. Cool. I like the unpriced ones. But let me get uh multif family group. These are good guys. 87 units. 112. Let's go to a little smaller guy here. 21 unit. It's a cool little one. These are the Oklahoma University. Oh, I like that. Um, it's from these guys, but they only have a flyer. All right, let's open it up. Let's take a peek. A million 750. He's been on for 14 years. That's 377. Um, it's all right. This will be fun. Eli Davis. Mr. Eli Davis. Let's see if Eli wants to pick up his phone. Um, class C property 1973. Um, got it. Okay. See if that goes there. Let's look at this thing from an aerial just to kind of play around with it. Um, so you guys knowing me now and what you're looking at from like a location standpoint, um, what do you see that you like, uh, that I typically talk about a lot about properties when you're looking at things from an aerial? Chime in the chat on that. curious. So, if you're seeing this thing from the area, Yeah. Yeah. So, Christian says surrounded by single family. I don't know what this is right here next to it. Um I don't think that's a liquor store or anything. I don't think it is. Yeah, it's not. Um but yeah, you see like across the street, this probably is a church right here. So, that's good. single family here. You got I guarantee that's a church or something there. Uh that's the one thing I noticed about Oklahoma City, you guys. There is literally a bank and a church on like every other corner. It's crazy. I mean, I've never seen so many churches and banks in my entire life, like in such an area. Um but yes, anything around that is great. It's what I don't want to see when I look at it from an aerial is that it's surrounded by industrial or commercial or that it's right next door to liquor stores, smoke shops, anywhere it's convenience store driven where you have traffic coming in and out at multiple times of the day, late night, all that stuff. Cuz that means you're going to have, you know, maybe some bad ombres, you know, coming in and out of your area, right, at all times of the night and day. And it just naturally it's going to bring more crime. It's just going to. So we we never ever ever ever ever ever ever do that. The minute you see that, you just say, "Listen, it's not the right deal." It's okay if it's like a block away, right? If like let's say this was a liquor store right here, then as long as And I wouldn't want to be right here, but if I was like right over here or back over here, that'd be cool. That's fine. I just don't want to be right next to it, right? Don't want to be right next to it. This is probably Who knows? is probably a school over here or a church or something. But yeah, this is great. So from an aerial, it's nice. Um, okay. Yeah, let me go ahead and call Mr. Eli. Let's kind of me read a little bit about it real quick. I'm going to use his listing as a lure in. So hopefully he answers his phone. Um, and we'll see. Let's go. 405355. Okay. Brand new sidewalks, landscaping, acres, blah blah blah blah blah. Yeah. I mean, I It just probably doesn't work financially, but very curious. Um, just look at it real quick. Yeah. So, this is south of the city about 30 minutes. Um, OK U O U O U O U O U O U O U O U O U O U O U Oklahoma University the Sooners. It's about 30 minutes south of downtown OKC. But yeah, I mean got popcorn. You can see like the heater units right here. These are these are floor heater units. More of a radiant heat system on the on the floor. That's fine. I don't like the popcorn ceilings and stuff, but you know, white appliances. Yeah, it's very standard. um carpet throughout which is kind of annoying. You know, it's okay, right? If the market allowed it, you could definitely do some nice upgrades to this thing. I just don't know if the mark would allow it, right? Don't know if it would allow it. Let's find out. Can you hear the rain? Can you guys hear the ring happening? No, you can't. Darn it. Thank you for contacting the property center. This is Autumn. How can I help? &gt;&gt; They're trying to reach Eli Davis. &gt;&gt; Eli is not currently in the office. Can I take a message for him? &gt;&gt; Yeah, my name is Justin. I was just calling on one of his listings over there on uh I think it's on Alama Street down there by U listing. And what you say your name is? Uh Justin Brennan because he he's it's one of Yeah, it's Eli David. He's &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can you hear me now? &gt;&gt; It's just going in and out. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um it should &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just trying to get some info. Yeah. Just trying to get some info about um about it. I will pass this message along. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Appreciate it. Thanks so much. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Byebye. &gt;&gt; Did you guys hear her talking at all? A bit. Yes. Okay. So I wonder so that was with the Brio. So hold on one second here. Make sure Mac Pro system microphone modes. Let's try original. Maybe the original. Let's Let's try I'm just tweaking the mic here. Okay. So we'll just do original audio. Maybe that'll help here. We'll try it again. We'll try somebody else. We're We're going to figure this audio thing out. This is annoying. Um 14 unit here. Let's see. Has this one been on a little while? You heard? Okay. All right. So, we'll we'll try this again here. I think we'll figure it out. So, this one's he's been on 545 days. What in the world? Um, I want to look at one that's maybe somewhat reasonable. Hold on. 29 units unpriced. Oklahoma City. That's a cool one. Uh, Grace Steel. Okay. Pulling it up. Let's go. All right. So, 69 days. Fine. Uh, let's take a peek at it. Yeah. So, it's near downtown. Wow. It's pretty urban. Okay. That's fine. So, this is great for the students. I guarantee they have students in this one because you have a lot of law. You have surprisingly you have a decent amount of law uh like a couple law schools near downtown. Um, and it's wild, man. Guys, the first time I went into Oklahoma City, I was like, I did not expect what I saw. I expected like grungy trash, you know, just run down, not that nice. I just didn't know. I didn't Maybe I had a wrong expectation. Big, beautiful glass buildings. You can see them right there. Very clean from everything I saw. Um I mean there's bad parts of any city, but I was like, "Wow." like I was impressed. Uh even the airport super clean and nice flying in and out of there. So anyhow, that was uh pretty cool. So let me call um let's call Mr. Doug. Let's go. 69 days properties here. And um I'll check with you in a second on um making sure you can hear it. Let's call 469538. All right. Can you hear the ring? Hello. You've reached the office of Doug Bannery. Mr. Bannery is not available right now, but if you need your name. &gt;&gt; No, I want to talk to somebody. Let's go here. All right, let's go to Let's try this one. Let's try Mr. Wallace 463 two 4. &gt;&gt; So I think I switched to the original audio on the mics. So that's why it's working now. &gt;&gt; Please hold while I try to connect you. Hello. &gt;&gt; Your call has been forwarded to the voicemail for &gt;&gt; Okay, let's try another one. Let's try Mr. Andrew. We're going to get one of you guys. Somebody's picking up today. &gt;&gt; Hey, Andrew. Uh, my name's Justin. I'm with Brennham Polley Capital. I was calling you on uh I think it's your listing on Northwest 8th Street. That 29 unit &gt;&gt; 29 unit &gt;&gt; is that is that &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's what's in OKC. Uh I think you're on it with uh Doug and Wallace as well. Um &gt;&gt; got it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um I'm not leading that transaction. Wallace. Wallace was &gt;&gt; okay. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; he he's a young guy. He just left Grace to go back to go to grad school. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; Um let me uh &gt;&gt; do you know much about &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Yeah. I was just going to kind of and I guess &gt;&gt; Yeah, I guess whether it's this deal or another one or do you do you do a decent amount of OKC or other areas? &gt;&gt; Uh we have in the past. My focus is Dallas. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; But I need to I need to uh when I get back to the office here in a few minutes, I'll just check who we've got taken over that deal. Okay. &gt;&gt; And it's probably going to be William. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And I will have him reach out because honestly like I don't even know the ask price we've got on that deal right now. &gt;&gt; Well, the good news it's unpriced. So it's unpressed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; We never we never post our, you know, pricing guidance online. &gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah. That was going to be my typical question is Yeah. What's kind of the whisper price or price guidance um if it's unpriced there, but um Okay. Well, yeah. I mean, so you're between Dallas and uh mainly Dallas, but uh do you do any Oklahoma yet or because we we go back and forth, too, because we're in Dallas as well. Uh, but I'm just kind of trying to take a look at some properties and then, you know, connect with some good local brokers on the ground there that, you know, are doing some deals and whether it's this one or other ones, um, you know, we're looking to buy, you know, definitely this year. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, absolutely. Like we our team covers Oklahoma. It's just not me personally. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Um, so yeah, we do um and I do a lot more Dallas and Fort Worth. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yes, we cover Oklahoma City and Tulsa. &gt;&gt; Okay. Beautiful. Well, yeah. Uh I guess is this your cell number or what's the best number for you? Is that the 469 number? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. This is my office line um for my work number, but it goes to my cell. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, if I text to that, will it come through to your cell? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. Yeah, because I could shoot you my email and my name and stuff so you have it and then &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I mean I guess would love to uh you know connect whether it's this deal uh if you want to connect me with the main or um any other stuff because yeah we are back and forth between Dallas OKC even other parts of of Texas but um definitely looking to pick up some deals this year you know between OKC and anywhere within 30 50 miles of it or even Dallas and 30 30 miles of Dallas. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. shoot me a text and uh we'll keep the conversation going and I'll definitely connect you with um whoever's taking over that deal for us. &gt;&gt; Okay. I appreciate you answering the phone. Thanks, Andrew. &gt;&gt; All right. What was your name again? &gt;&gt; Uh first name's Justin. Justin Brennan. Yeah. And I'm with Brennan Pulley Capital. And I'll I'll shoot that to you in the text so you have it. &gt;&gt; All right. You have a great afternoon. I'll look out for your text. &gt;&gt; You too. Thank you. Um, so you kind of heard that and how that kind of went a little bit because he wasn't like the main on the deal. Um, but you kind of see how I pivoted that a little bit once I knew he wasn't the main and but I wanted to still build like a little rapport, right? I just now now it's like, okay, so you handle Dallas. Perfect. You know, we're also kind of looking there. Even if we're not, it's not the point. It's like you're you're trying to get a little deeper. It has nothing to do with the deals. I could give two shits about this 29 unit in OKC because I know the thing doesn't work financially. I know the deal financially probably sucks. It's not the point. I'm using it as a lure in to meet the brokers because I guarantee it whether it's this deal that gets negotiated to a price that makes sense or it's another deal. I want to get into that database because the entire point of all this, as you all know, is very little to do with um the deals on Crexy because most of them all stink, right? It has everything to do with uh how do I get into that pre-market setup? Connection error, unable to load, retry. Try that again. No, why is it not letting me load my whiteboards? existing whiteboards. Let's try that so I can share this with you. Um, let's open this one. There we go. Yeah, it has everything to do with, you know, you in terms of how deals come to market, right? You have the buildings and then the brokers, they put together a BOV, a broker opinion of value. And then rather than sticking it on to Krexy and Loopnet and all the websites, they put it out to their database, you know, of 25 to 50 investors. And this is what we call the pre-market, right? 80% of all the deals will sell right there. So by the time they get to Krexy or Loopnet, they suck. And that well because they're just they're they're too pricey. They just don't make sense, right? Which is why you get frustrated. But that's because you all you're seeing is the leftovers. You're seeing 20% of the market that was not sold here. So everybody in this pocket basically passed on it. So then the broker took it and he says, "Okay, let's see. Let's stick it on the websites and see who we can get to overpay basically." And then that's where you use them as the lures in because now I can call I can call on all 20% of these guys. And then what I'm trying to do is build the relationship with the broker enough to get into this pocket. And there's no way you'll ever get into that pocket without personal relationships. as we say, shaking hands and kissing babies. Which is why it's so critical that um we get to this stage where we're calling on the brokers and we're doing all this stuff here, right? But then this market trip is usually what seals the deal because now it's like I've been talking to you and getting deal flow and writing offers and looking at things and doing all that in the in that kind of broker deal flow stage of four, but until I get bellyto belly with you and maybe have a cup of coffee, stop by your office, go tour a deal with you, be in the market, and then build those relationships and then utilize you to get access to lenders, property managers, maybe even rental construction guys, all of that, and kind of build that relationship with you in the market via the market trip. That's when that relationship goes to the next level. That's when you actually, okay, cool. I got to meet you, see what you're doing. I see I went to your website. you know, we exchanged emails, so I got to click on your website, which is in your email signature because all of you should have an email signature that has, and it could even be your current one, you know, dentist or whatever it is, and then multifamily investor and then, you know, your website, your email, all that stuff should be in there. So that way when you're sending emails out, they trust me, they're going to click on it because whatever you send them back and forth, they're going to say, "Let me see who this person is." Click. Okay. Launched to the website. I went through it, read their story. So, that's why having your family story and who you are in there is really important because they're going to connect to you personally through that. And then they're going to scroll a little bit farther. They're going to see, okay, oh gosh, he's got an advisory board. Who has an advisory board? Right. Scroll. Oh, strategic partner. Oh, who's this guy? They can click on us, right? See that you're partnered with other people support system. They see your team. The whole point is to build that relationship and give them the confidence that even though it may be your first rodeo, you're supported well and you have systems and you have your team in place and you look the part, even though you're not the part yet, that's why we do it because that's really going to help when you get to the 11th hour and you're about to get a deal under contract, convincing that broker who you've spent all this time building these relationships with that, hey, we can get this deal done, right? give it to me versus the other two offers because we can get it across the finish line and make sure you don't look like an idiot. So, but that's why we do it the way we do it. Uh, any last questions, I guess, um, as we're kind of finishing up. I wish we could have gotten some more brokers there. We'll keep calling and trying for some others, but that's the point of even going through that one. Um, have you ever purchased a deal off of Craigslist? Yes, I have, Jaden. Uh, yeah, it just had to be heavily negotiated, right? But yes, I have. Um, yeah, cuz the obviously the price on KRExy didn't make any sense. So, we backed into it as to where it did and then but in order for that to happen, the seller's motivation had to come in line, right? Because typically the reason it's not selling before that is because the seller's just bringing it to market, even though, you know, the broker's probably being hopefully honest with them and saying, "Hey, this is probably what it's worth." And then like any seller is like, "Well, let's shoot for this." So then the broker tries, puts it on, right? Doesn't get it sold in the pre-market. Puts it on, goes to the Crexy Loopnet. It sits there for 365 days like some of them do. And then they, you know, at some point the seller is like, "Okay, fine." You know, I'm motivated now. Something happens. Now they're motivated. And now it's a question, is there an offer there that can be negotiated to make sense? So that's that's where you get a deal off of Craigslist. Um, how do you know, Hunter, if it'll allow you to do a value ad deal? Um, so if you look, Great question. So if you, that's why we added it into the new analyzer for you. So if you go in there, we did a return on cost metric for you now. So let me pull that up. So you see what I'm talking about and I'll show you. Stand by. It's coming up now. Come on. There we go. So, we put in a metric on this thing now that will help you in determining if you should do a value ad deal. Should you put in all the money? Right. So, down here at the bottom, you're going to see this return on cost number. Right now, if you hover over it, it's going to pop up that little box and give you some guidance. On this one, it says this should be about 18% in order to get enough return on the money you're about to spend to make it make sense. Let me show you what I'm talking about. So, let's come up here. I'm just going to throw in some numbers on this thing. I'm going to put in a repair budget. So, this is an 18 unit property. I'm going to put in 180,000 bucks. So, that's $10,000 a unit. Okay. 180,000 bucks. 10,000 bucks a unit. Buying it for 24. Right. In order for this to work, I have to probably move, right? Move this 200 bucks. So, watch what happens. Let's say I'm going to take the rents from a,000 bucks, 1,030 up to 1230. And I'm going to take it from 11 195 to 1395 hypothetically for a minute. Watch what happens. So, I'm spending 180,000 bucks. I'm going to move the rents from,30 and 115 for the unit mix up to 1230 and 135, right? 200 buck pop per month. Now, watch what happens when I scroll down here. You see my return on cost. We're in the green, right? So, let but let's say that I can I I do my market analysis. I look at the market and I say, "Crap. Okay, I can't I can't move at 200 bucks. I can only move at a 100." So, now we're going to go to 1130 and 1295. Okay. I can only move it a h 100red bucks by spending 180 grand, $10,000 a unit. I can only move the rents a h 100red bucks based on the market because I'm I'm looking at deals. I'm looking at other properties. I can only move it 100 bucks. The market's telling me that now you're in the red. So therefore, you wouldn't spend 180. So my next question is, okay, well, can I spend a h 100,000? Can I spend what can I spend? Can I get a $100 bump if I just put in, you know, $7,000 a unit? Maybe. That's something you have to analyze. You have to figure that out. That's part of knowing the market, right? And then now we're in the green. So, you can you see how you can play with that and it's going to help guide you based on your return on cost number. And that's the one to look at from a value ad perspective to tell you whether you should spend the money to get the bump because it all comes down to what is your bump from here to here and how much do I have to spend to get there and then that'll be determined by this number right here. It should be at 18% or greater in order to you know have it make financial sense for you to spend that time and money. Yeah. Yeah. You're welcome. Uh 1.2 2 is a minimum. What was that, Don? Just so I understand that. Uh Christine, you said, "Could you include a document that helps us explain in layman's terms to potential partners or investors what the investment metrics mean, cash on cash, irr, and how those definitions compare with the annual yield or returns for their other investments." So they feel they can compare apples to apples. Yes, we can Christine. Even a faster approach for you would be to go to our mentor AI and say the exact like literally take that put it into the mentor AI and say hey can you give me a downloadable one page for me for me. So that way if an investor asks me about cash on cash irr and how these definitions blah blah blah blah blah, how would I explain it to him in like uh what do they say? Cliffnotes for dummies or whatever it is or uh cash flow for dummies like those books, right? Um and that way it'll give you a real simple explanation using our mentor AI to do that. And it's really just those main metrics right here, right? So that way you're saying because cash on cash is exactly what it sounds like. If you give me a hundred grand, I'm giving you 8% a year on that in physical cash. So you're making $8,000 on your 100,000 in physical cash every year, right? And then the IRR, and it'll explain it to you, is the velo the annual velocity return on your money. So this is telling me that the property is going to make about 16.7% per year, right? Velocity on the money per year return on the money and that's pretty good. That's in the green. So this is your total return and it'll give you the definition. We also have glossery of terms as well, Christine. So if you go into your backend in the downloads, there's a document there called glossery of terms. It'll explain all of these and what they are, but you could ask the mentor AI as well. it's perfect there for it to give you layman's terms and you can just talk to it and say, "Give me the the explanation for dummies." I mean, that's what I've always done. If I don't understand something, I'll like, "Give me the dumbest way to explain this to myself and anyone else." Um, is great. So, I hope that helps answer that. Um, because yeah, I would agree. And it's really those main metrics. Um, and I don't even to be fair, Christine, I don't even talk IRRa as much because you're right, it can be a little complicated for people that are newer into it. I just say annual rate of return because people can calculate that right there. Okay. Uh so I'm I'm projected to get 18% annual rate of return on my money if I give you this. Yes, you will. Between the cash flow and the appreciation on the building, 18% a year. They're like, "Okay, well, can you show that to me?" Yes, I can. Right down here. And that shows them if I give you 25 grand, I'm projected to make 20% a year on my money. Sweet. And I get to wipe out taxes. Sign me up. And I get to own the real estate with you. Yes, you do. Do I have to do any of the work? Nope. I'm going to do all the work. You just collect a check. Sweet. Sign me up. Let's go. And so that's why these are down here on the waterfall to help you kind of say, okay, if somebody's going to give me, you know, 50 grand, this is what the cash flow looks like. If somebody's going to give me, you know, 75 grand, boom, it'll do it all for you. So cool. Um, yeah, I know we're a little over time, but I hope this was helpful. We'll call some more brokers next week as well now that we kind of worked out this uh microphone thing and see if we can get some more folks on the phone. So, but yeah, I wanted to show you the back end so you kind of get that so you know how to maneuver into your landing page for your deal so that way you can do your uh your mock deals. This is really important as you're kind of coming through that stage six for capital foundation is really key. All right, so all right everybody, see you soon.