Excuse [cough] me. Make sure we got the audio going. Come on in. Probably see a whiteboard up there as you're kind of maneuvering in here. Um, yeah, definitely going to talk about the capital and the financing side today. Um, mainly from the loan side. So that way you can get some confidence in that as you guys are getting deals and coming into them. Um, good to see John, Julian, good to see you, Mr. Miguel, Michelle and Rose and Brian. Bruce, good to see you as well. Awesome. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello everybody. Awesome. Beautiful. Uh, sweet. And just as kind of a reminder for anyone that um you know wants to come to the networking slashworkshop mainly for the networking in meeting other uh mentees the community members and so forth in Las Vegas you know we have about three weeks three and a half weeks before the November 6th 7th and 8th which is our live workshop in Las Vegas Nevada but all of you guys are included in that as part of your mentorship with the tickets and stuff. And I know many of you, I think we have about 25 mentees currently, um, showing up for that, plus some spouses and partners and people with that, too. So, um, you know, working up to probably, you know, 50 to 60, maybe even 65, 70, you know, people in in total there, which should be nice for kind of an intimate in-person event and some networking, collaborations and partnerships and all that stuff that happens. Um, so if you are still interested in that, you know, chime in here, let us know. Uh, we'll be sending out another notice to everybody so they can they can jump in on that. But very excited about it. Very excited about it. Um, it is November 6th through the 8th. Just put that in the chat. November 6th through the 8th. Let me put in the chat here to the link um for this and then you guys get a free code. So click in that and then your code is I think uh mentor. So let me double check that. Make sure that that works and that way it's free. Let me double check this real quick. Yes, correct. So, use that word mentor in the checkout and [cough] [clears throat] uh you'll get a free ticket. Well, I mean, you already have the tickets, but you don't have to pay. Um, so that's the link and that coupon code at the checkout and then it's in Las Vegas. We're having it at and when you sign in and check out, you'll get an email that has all the details on it, but it's at the Kilm, which is also aka assembly. Um, great little location about 10 minutes, 15 minutes off the strip. So many hotels you could stay at. Uh, I would recommend probably coming in town on the 6th. Um, since really the live in person and all that stuff is really 7th and 8th. 7th and 8th. Um, and then we'll do an evening, um, deal on the 7th, uh, which is a Friday, um, after the the workshop and all that stuff, uh, to connect, maybe grab some cocktails and stuff. Right nearby there, there's the Durango Hotel Resort. It is expensive, so if you you don't need to stay there, um, that one's more expensive because it's brand new. And, but there's many hotels, as you know, in Vegas. You could even stay on the strip and drive in. It's about 10 minutes off the strip, so not too far. So, but yeah, love to see you guys there if you'd like. That's the link and then the free coupon there for everybody that's in the community and we'll resend that out to everybody here so they understand it. Um, so yeah, kind of touching on today, what I wanted to focus on and get a lot of Q&amp;A from you guys too is around the capital and the financing side of it, you know. So, let's presume for a minute you just came into the community and you're getting started and you're learning. You're going through all the videos and the coursework and getting everything set up, you know, going through that 90-day action guide, which part of that is the administerial side. And the reason why that is so important is because to get lenders comfortable with you, to get investors comfortable with you, to get brokers comfortable with you, sellers, anyone comfortable with you to give you and award you an apartment complex. They're going to check you out online, okay? And this is why we set up those websites and give you them templated and boilerplated. This is why we do everything else for that. So that way that kind of is happening at the same time you're learning, right? So in the beginning you're kind of doing them concurrently as you're going through it. So that way within the first call it three weeks of entering the community, you have your investor website, your LLC set up, maybe you got a little logo, you have the CRM in place, you put 25 names or so inside of this CRM for yourself. So that way these would be the first people that you would probably send a potential deal out to a pitch deck once you have something. And the reason why that's all critically important is because I literally just got off the phone with one of the lenders that's in our community, Jason Moy, and he was saying, "Hey, just to kind of give you an update on the folks that are reaching out to us, you know, through the community and stuff. Uh, you know, we love it. It's going well. We love having that." But I'd say it's like a 50/50 between the people who are kind of ready to go, meaning they have all of this stuff in place. So therefore, they can attract capital into their deals, they can attract lenders, they can attract brokers and all these other things. So it's really important that they understand that that's kind of a prerequisite. It's got to happen because otherwise it's going to be really hard for any lender to get comfortable with them. Um and I and he says, "Well, they don't have the equity." That's what he said to me. They don't have the equity. I said, "Well, no, no. Just like anything, we syndicate that. So they're bringing in the 10%. and then they're syndicating say 90% of it and they're also not raising a substantial amount of money. So we're not having them raise a million $2 million for their first deal because you know Jason says Jason um that's typ that's difficult to do when you're a new investor it's your new deal. I said just like me Jason my first deal was a 27 unit $2.2 $.2 million deal. I raised 800 grand, right? Brought in 75, raised 800, got an acquisition fee. I was out of pocket about 35 36,000 and raised the rest from about I think seven or eight investors and we syndicated the deal and we got a traditional loan and that was it. And that was our first one. And I had zero experience, zero in the apartment space, right? I'd done some house flips. I'd obviously done some construction and development, but nowhere had I ever owned an apartment complex, anything over a duplex at that point in time. So, that's how it's done. And so, he's like, "Okay, I totally get it. Makes sense. Uh, now I understand. Yeah, everything is syndicated." I said, "Yeah, because as you know, Jason, they're not going to have the equity lined up then. Nobody does." They said, "They're going to syndicate it, but they're going to bring in some and then they're going to raise the rest, and we provide all of that to help them with that process." So that way all the systems, all the backend, all of that kind of fluff administerial stuff gets set up in the beginning. So that way once a deal actually arrives at the front door, they're ready to go. They're ready to go. And then the pitch decks, we're reviewing it. We're looking at them. All that stuff's critically important so they can actually go raise this money. So that's kind of what I wanted to go over with you. I wanted to open it up to some questions that you may have. Um, hey Julian. Yeah. So, there is going to be another one Q1, Julian. It's going to be on the east coast in Charlotte in Charlotte, North Carolina. So, that'll be for all of our East Coasters that can't make it to the West Coaster. So, and then because we're going to have three a year in terms of these networking workshops and all this stuff, you know, we'll have West Coast, Las Vegas, uh Dallas, Texas, right there in the uh central Midwest, and then an East Coast one. Charlotte is a really good one uh because you are East Coast. anybody coming from the northeast, anybody coming from the south and Florida and stuff like that, easy to bump into it. So, that's why we set that up. But, yeah, let me open it up to a few questions. Uh, you know, don't be shy on this because I think this is really important as you're going through this initial process. So, kind of looking at my screen here, you know, let's say you you come into the program, you're setting up, you know, your website, you're setting up, call it the CRM, which is all attached to it, right? So, that's the CRM. You got the web. You got your logo. So, this makes you kind of officially official, right? And then you're also going to have your LLC set up. So you got your business, right? This is your business, your official business, your holding company. You're officially a multif family real estate business investor. And then all this stuff is really from a presence a little bit online. So that way people can learn about you. And then now when you go out and you're doing deals and you're looking at things, the first thing that you know a broker's going to do, the first thing that a lender is going to do, the first thing that a seller is going to do, the first thing that any investors are going to do is they're going to come here and they're going to want to just see what's going on. Who are you? Do I trust you? Even if they're your family or your friend, same thing. Okay? And this is where you can put in, you know, 25, you know, maybe 50 people, but let's call it 25 to get started because that's how my first one was. I sent out uh my first deal about it was less than 30 people and had 11 people raise their hand. Meaning 11 people respond back saying, "Hey, yeah, I have some interest. Send me some information." Right? Send me some information. And then I sent them over the pitch deck. They reviewed it. I followed up with them and I said, "Hey, what do you think about the pitch deck? Any specific questions? Do you know anybody that may have some interest? Right? So, I didn't sell them. I asked for other people. And then all of a sudden, out of those 11, we had seven conversations and seven people wanted to give money. Why? Because the deal returned about 17% a year. We had about a 1.7x on the equity multiple. So, it was a little lower than the normal. And we were about a 7% right cash on cash return. So, because of that, the investor said, "Sweet. I'll pull my money out of a 401k. I'll pull my money out of an IRA, right? Self-directed. I'll pull my money out of stocks. I'll pull some money out of my, you know, life insurance. You know, I'll pull some money out of my bank. You know, I have 50 grand sitting around or 25K." And then our average investment was between 25 to 50K. That was our average investor size on that deal. And we had seven. Some people, we had a couple people come in with 150 and we raised about 800K. 800K. We had 150, 175er. I think we had a 175er in there. So, I had most of them here and then a couple big hitters, right? And then we filled that up and that was the total race. But the reason it worked is because I had a deal that made financial sense, right? If the deal sucks, you're not going anywhere. So, it's got to meet the metrics that we talk about and we teach. Otherwise, you're not raising any money from anyone, let alone a lender, let alone an investor. So, that's why we lead with the deal first. But, let's say the deal check marks. Awesome. The next thing I'm doing as an investor is I'm going to go check you out. Who are you? You know, and you don't have to have big experience. That's not the point. I didn't have any either, but we had a basic little website, right? Right? We had a logo, had a CRM, had our LLC set up, so we looked a little bit professional, and that way I could kind of present, even though I was brand new, I could present ourselves with a little bit of presence that like, okay, if I give you 25 grand, which is not like an exuberant amount of money, like I have some trust and confidence that I'm probably going to get the money back, right? I mean, you can't control the markets, but I have some confidence based on what I'm seeing and feeling that I can trust you, Justin. If I give you my money, I'm probably going to get it back and hopefully a return on top of that, but at least my money back. And that's the process of building that rapport and trust. But that's why this side of it is so important because this is how people get that from you. And then I would say the next side of it right is you know a side that people are somewhat uncomfortable with but you have to realize that you know we're in a a world of call it brand and presence having some online you know some people don't like it some people do it doesn't really matter but having some online you know presence and I don't care if it's you know brand whatever it may be and so that's why you know as of recent we've added in you know Kate in her 7day fearless creator course included in your mentorship. You can start to identify your authentic voice because pe a lot of people are very scared of getting online, putting themselves on video, doing any of that stuff and it's totally normal. Um, but that allows people to get comfortable with you if they don't know you that well. And that allows you to raise money from people you don't know that well and expands your database. And you don't have to be all professional about it. Quite honestly, the most, you know, call viral videos or viral this or viral that um is the most authentic, is the most raw, that doesn't have all, you know, the the video editing gimmicks. But it's really important that that's there. And so that's why we're helping build that, right? And bring that into you. And everybody actually in the community that's actually gone through this free 7-day thing that's in your backend, that's a thumbnail. It's called 7-day fearless creator. They're like, "Oh my gosh, this is amazing." And I the irony of it is actually most of the people that have done it have been women in the community. And and you guys are like, "This is incredible. I love it." Like Kate's so good at explaining this stuff and making me uh get comfortable sharing like my authentic voice to the world. So I would recommend taking a look at that. It's really short, you know, it's a few days. You can just go through it short videos, but maybe it'll get you comfortable if you're uncomfortable being on camera and get you comfortable with knowing, okay, I can put something out online and it's I can be authentic and normal and just be me and then build that presence a little bit online. Um, even for Excuse me. I just like cough. It doesn't want to go away. It's like from a cold from 3 weeks ago. Um, but take people like Hayden, Matt. I mean, plenty of others that have started a little bit of the online presence and then inside of their CRM, they've also created a weekly newsletter as well, which is kind of cool. And that goes out to their little database. And and all they do on that newsletter is they just talk about real estate stuff. Yeah. And they provide articles and information. This little newsletter goes out to this little database just to keep that database up to speed. Once a week got a little video on it and some real estate info and that's it. Real simple. And that kind of gets those people comfortable with them. So that way when deals come, you've already kind of built that rapport a little bit. Um excuse me. Um, Relle says, "Will Vegas networking be just the newbies or will there be more experienced multif family?" They'll be both. Be both, Michelle. Yeah, be both. You'll have some newbies there. Also, experienced folks. Um, so all the above. All the above. I think the key to it is really connecting with people that um it's like anything. It's just such a people business and we're so accustomed to the virtual world um that in some ways we've lost that like human connection, right? And it's getting even scarier with AI. I mean, I was literally looking at this uh website this morning where and I'm going to I'm going to do it. I'm going to check it out and see how good it is because I'm curious about this. So, I'm going to clone myself literally and I'm going to see if I can actually run a webinar in the future, right, with you. I just want to test it. I'm just curious how how creepy this is going to get. And if I can fool all of you to thinking it's real when it's my AI clone. I mean, it's it's scary. It really is scary because I'm looking at these people. I'm going to shoot a video. It's going to clone my voice and my tonality and then it's going to clone with facial recognition and everything and my body and then I can take that and I can I can put that person anywhere on any beach in any city in front of a camera like I can do anything I want. It's wild. Uh [laughter] I'm actually scared to be honest with you uh if I really want to do that. Um but it's it's coming. Uh, and I'm going to test it out. Just I just want to test it out. Um, thank you, Julian. Appreciate. I think you've done a great job explaining how to raise the capital with OPM, but I'm going to be incredibly vulnerable and ask how you've worked with people who didn't have 30 to 45K on hand to do a deal. Um, 10% of blah blah blah. Um, yes. So, okay, Julian. Yeah. So, great question. Um, so let me kind of run through this. So, let's say you didn't have the 10%. Then you need to partner with somebody. Meaning this company right here that you're creating, this whole situation right here, you're going to need to bring somebody else in with you. It's no different than I did. It's no different than I did. Uh let me show you what I mean. I can share something else. Okay, cool. It's no different than what I did because in 2008 I was beautifully getting my ass handed to me and didn't I think I had $23,000 in my bank account, getting crushed, right? Was the financial crisis and but I knew we had to buy property. I knew it because I was I mean I just I was always told you buy when there's blood in the street. Even if it's your blood. Even if it's your blood. And so I was at a real estate conference and some of you know this. And you know they came out on stage and they this is all real estate agents by the way. So they're all getting crushed and they get them all excited. Hey who wants to buy a rental income property? Everybody's like yeah. And then they're like, "Well, who here financially right now in 2008 can go buy it as we speak?" And like 99% of the hands go down because everybody's losing their ass. And he says, "Here's the thing you're missing." He says, "You don't need to have a single dime to own rental income property." He says, "You just need to have a friend that can buy rental income property." He says, "You're the real estate agent, right? Meaning, I have the knowledge, right? The sweat equity, very, very, very valuable. If I can go find good deals, I can analyze them. I can put them together. I can structure it. I can run the company. I can manage. I can roll in fees and all the other things. I can do all this stuff. I can run everything. All the sweat equity because remember it's sweat equity or check equity. Sweat equity or check equity. And I'm sitting there going, "Okay, well, I don't have any check equity, but I have the knowledge. I can go find deals because I've learned it. I can go analyze them. I've learned it. I can go put them together, structure it. I've learned it. I can manage the deals because I know how to manage, right? I can bird dog everything and do all the hard work and do all the hustle and bustle, all the sweat. I can do it all. I just need to go find somebody with some money that can go sign on the first loan, bring in some of the down payment capital. They're going to get 50%, I'm going to get 50% because they don't need to squat, but we're going to partner. They're not going to be a limited partner. I'm going to partner with them. They are now my official business partner in our company. Hence the Brennan Pulley Group was founded in 2010 and our first property was at $100,000 condo. And that is how you do it if you don't have the down payment money joint. That is how you do it if you don't have the 10%. Because you need somebody else, right? Who is the check? Now you're going to partner with them now. So now you're going to take this company that's solely yours and now you're going to split it because they're bringing the the yin, you're bringing the yang. And because of that, right, but it's for a partnership to work, because keep in mind, most partnerships fail, 90 plus percent of them. The reason why they fail is because people partner up and they don't realize that you need to bring a yin-ing and yang. Chris couldn't do, right? Chris couldn't do what I could do. Chris could not do what I could do. Meaning, he could not find good deals the way I could find them. He could not analyze them. He could not put them together. He could not structure them. He could not manage them. He could not roll in fees. He was not a real estate agent or real estate professional at all. He didn't have the knowledge. He didn't have the skill set. He didn't have the sweat, but he had the check. So, he could bring it in. He was in the tech industry. He was not getting hosed like I was. He could bring in our initial down payment, which he did. He could sign on the first loan, which he did. I did all the hustle. I did everything he couldn't do. He did everything I couldn't do. Beautiful. That's a partnership that can happen. That's a partnership that can last. And that's key. Hence the reason the company was founded in our first deal. Does that answer your question, Julian? Because that's the that's the way you do it if you don't have the money. So I would gauge anybody here, you know, think about who you know or who you you know, and they don't have to be someone super close to you, but you're going to have to build a relationship because you guys are going to partner, right? You're going to partner. It's not just going to be a deal and a limited partner on one deal type thing. You're now married in a partnership. So that person and just realize that partnerships do fail. So you come in, you come out. Now ours has lasted. Why? Because Chris still does not do what I do and I still do not do what he does. He's very good at raising capital. He's very good at connecting people with people, right? I still raise money. I can do a lot now because now I have the capital along with him. but he still is in control and has a big value ad because of his connections. He's a tech guy in the tech industry. One of his investors in one of his companies is Peter Theal. I don't even know if you know who Peter Theal is, but go Google it. Um, so he's got connections. Um, and that's very valuable. And the partners don't have to, but that's how it's worked for us. So, yes. And yeah, I mentioned it before different ways, but I like the way you art. Yeah. So that I mean that's really the the way to do it because remember it's it's check equity or sweat equity. That is that's the two pieces to the puzzle in real estate period. Any kind of real estate investing is you're bringing the check equity which is the cash or the sweat equity which is the ability to execute. It's the knowledge. And that's why I say you got to figure out which one you think is easiest for you to achieve to bring into the game because in most people it's going to be the sweat because they can go learn it. Like all of this stuff you're learning is learned. All right? You don't go I mean sure you can go watch YouTube till you're black and blue in the face but there's always that next level nuance and handholding and all these little things of complexity that go way deeper than a YouTube video. and that's what you're here for. But that's that's the learning process because if you become very valuable in your knowledge and your skill set now you're solving big problems for people. I mean there was a I was talking with a lady this morning who's in the brand space right where she she does podcasts. She helps people out with podcasting. She helps people grow their brand and awareness online and incredible woman and does decent for herself. But she reached out to me because she's like, "Man, I want to like level up and get into real estate stuff and do this and do that. You know, I have this big brand and all these followers and all this stuff." And I said, "Listen, that's great." And I said, "It's actually odd because you see a lot of people online that have 300,000 followers, but then they don't figure out how to monetize it." And she's like, "Yeah, I see it a lot." And I and I like, "Why is that?" And I said, "Well, they're not solving big enough problems." I said, 'Whatever it is they're offering is not solving a big enough problem for society. Meaning, if I'm going to help you do brand, and I told this to her, I said, 'You're helping with podcast and brand, and that's all great stuff, but it's difficult for people to calculate an ROI for them and their family and their wealth and generation, all the stuff they're doing. It's hard to do that. So, because of that, in their mind, it's a problem, but it's not a big enough problem. So your income is literally direct it's literally connected to the problems that you solve for the world. And I want you to think about that for a minute. I mean I've talked about this a million times but like the more you actually start to equate it you're like holy crap that makes sense. Like if you're out there making less than 100 grand a year it's because you're solving less than $100,000 problems. If you're making six figures or more it's because you're solving six figure problems for people in society. If you're solving million-dollar problems or you're making million dollars or more or call it a half million or whatever it is, it's because you're solving that level of problems. Multifamily, okay? Think about what gets to happen here. You're helping people solve massive problems. Investors, people that have money and want to do things. They just need a good deal to put it into and a trusted person to put it with. And so if you can come in and find great deals, put them together, structure them, get people to trust that you know what you're doing, make everybody money, including yourself, that's people's generational wealth, their financial freedom, their families, their time, passive income, all these things that all of us yearn for. You're helping provide that. That is a direct ROI calculation for people in their brain. It's a massive problem because everybody's looking for more passive income that that gives them what? Time. Because time then allows you to go make money every day without having to actually trade time for the money and spend time on things that you actually love, which is probably travel, family, friends, passions, church, other things that you're more in love with. And if you can provide that and solve that problem for people, that's worth millions. Hence the reason you see how that works. So all these investors and stuff that you're providing this opportunity for and people you're solving a massive problem for people which is most people's money sits in 401ks IRA stock markets maybe a little crypto maybe a little here maybe they got to dabble in real estate whatever it is but what they don't have is getting into say a multif family apartment building that they actually own along with you where they get cash flow profits inflation hedge and the biggest one that people find out about is the tax advantages where they can wipe out their income from their nineto-ive job or their 1099. And if you can show them that, I mean, think about the problem you're solving. Not only am I making you money, but I'm going to wipe out your taxes. Like, literally for the rest of your life. I mean, holy Sign me up, Scotty. I mean, you see the problem you're solving? That's why it's so valuable. That's why it's so valuable. And I I need you to grasp that because this skill set is worth its weight and gold. I mean, you're literally providing people amazing opportunities for everyone. It's it's unbelievable once you realize what you're providing for folks in the skill set you're learning. I mean, and I kid you not, and I was joking the other day, but I'm like sitting there going, "Dude, like, I went to good schools, you know, I have degrees up the yin-yang, but I would trade all of them in for now the skill set that I have doing this because this is so much more valuable than I mean, literally, I got, you know, undergraduate degrees from Pepperdine University, right? Top 50 school in the nation. I got, you know, degrees in marketing from them. I have two master's degrees. I mean, but it doesn't mean squat, right? It doesn't mean it honestly doesn't mean squat because very little of that has actually translated to what I'm doing now. I mean, some of it has some of it, right? Some skill sets here and there, but I've had to all of the stuff I've learned that I'm doing now is completely after all of that stuff that I've done in the books, in universities, in the systems. And it's not that it's not worth it. I'm just sitting there going, "How much was spent on that?" And then what I've done with this. I mean, you think about it, you're like, man. I mean, you know, college is cool and it's, yeah, it's worth it for the networking connections, people. You learn, but people are starting to question it, right? You're seeing that across the board. They're really questioning it. So, I hope that helps kind of from a highlevel big perspective of what you're trying to do uh with raising money, raising capital, like kind of going back to this in the whiteboard. I can pull that back up. Where'd that go? Yeah, this one here is really this process is so critically important when you're raising money and bringing it together because in order for you to gain the trust of people now you're close close people you know sure but anybody you know one sector one layer out from that is want to know like yeah do you trust this person? I mean, if I give them 25 grand or 50 grand, uh, you know, are they going to run off and turn it into a Ponzi scheme and then two years from now we're going to be on an American greed show, right? Or are they going to be trustworthy and do their best to protect that money like they would their own and hopefully provide a return and try and do the best they can? But you're solving big big big problems for people when you do this. And I think that's probably the biggest picture that everybody needs to understand. is this skill set. I kid you not, you mastering this you become equivalent to a neurosurgeon. I mean neurosur if you think about the people that make a ton of money that's disproportionate right disproportionate to the work to the actual physical work they do. I mean think about it the guy like people that pick up trash, people that dig ditches, right? all very hard work, commendable work, commendable jobs, all of that stuff, right? Bluecollar, hardworking folks. But they grind, right, with their bodies every single day. And they're working 10 times harder than a neurosurgeon who's in a hospital who's learned a skill set that is extremely valuable and he's solving a massive problem for the world. Hence the reason they get to go make a disproportionate amount of money to the physical labor they put in. Same thing with apartments. You're learning a skill set here that becomes masterful in solving huge problems for society because now you can go out to anyone who wants to have passive income, wants to have an inflation hedge, wants to have cash flow, wants to have tax advantages to grow their wealth for them and their family. Why? So they can have more passive income. Why? So they can have more time. Why? So they can go spend it with family and things they care about most. Huge problem solve. And because of that, bling bling. And that is it. That is it. Uh Julian says, "Got it." Yeah. Yeah. So, I hope that uh helps in that explain. A long-winded one, but um that is the game. That's the game you're playing and that's why you're here learning it. Um yeah, that is that is really it at the end of the day. Why you're doing this from a big big big big picture um is you are providing families and people that don't want to do the work, right? Because the disproportionate is this like your investor is going to make somewhere between 14 to 20% per year on their money. That's your investor somewhere in there. That's what they're going to make. you because you're working your ass off. You're probably going to be somewhere around this per year because you're only bringing in actually 10% of the capital and you're trading it for 30 40% of the deal plus fees. Okay? So, your upside is massive because you're doing all the sweat equity, all the work, which is fine, but that's why it's disproportionate returns to you because why? You have a massive skill set that you're helping solve big problems with, helping people make a good return on their money. Because think about it, these your investors, your people that you know, they have their money sitting in a 401k probably at 8% to 9%. Or if you go to any S&amp;P or stock market, Dow Jones, whatever it is historically, just, you know, historically up and down, you could take a 100red-year trend, it's right around 8.2%. Per year on your money if you take the stock market. It's a typical average return over ups and downs, up and down, up and down, up and down. Right? So, you're taking people that are probably earning this in other asset classes, you're taking them to this, and then additionally to that, you're giving them massive tax write offs to wipe out all their income that they're making in their daily lives. That's worth a lot of bling bling. That's a massive problem solved. Massive problem solved. So, that's why. And then because of that, you get to earn this because your returns are going to be about that. When you take into account your fee structures, what you get, your return every year on your money that you have in it and all that other stuff, your returns are going to be closer to this per year on your money. So that is why it is worth it. That is why it is worth it. Um, cool. Uh, any questions? because I want to, you know, so the point being behind this kind of is going back to this is for anyone who doesn't have this set up and you still want to get it, excuse me, set up, you know, we're here to help you and we'll help guide you through it, you know. So, reach out to us as well. Get into that because you have two portals as you know, right? In your in your back end, you have the the portal for the learning, right? That's the learning portal and it has, you know, the app and all that stuff, right? right? You download and all that. So that's all that and then you have your portal for call it your business one which is the CRM with the web right and you have two different login and so making sure you have access to this one and then also that this gets set up is great and we will help you do that. We have the vendors for it if you don't have it set up right now that's what we're here for. um uh 14 to 20% that's not the cash on cash Brian that's going to be your uh what they call your IRR okay your IRRa which is the same almost the same thing as what's called ARR annual rate of return the only difference is this uh includes what they call velocity of money the speed of money so that's why we go IRR but they're very similar so that's the annual rate of return so if I came to anyone and I said, "Hey, I have this 15 unit apartment building. Projected returns are call it, in this case, I've done the math. Let's call it's 18% a year on your money, and it's a 3 to 5 year investment. Minimum investments 25 grand to get involved. And we have tax advantages that you'll get every single uh when you come in that will wipe out income taxes through bonus depreciation." Um, who do you know that may have some interest? And then your response is probably going to be,"Well, you know, I don't know. I mean, let me think about you, John, Joanne, some people." Yeah. Why don't Why don't you send me some information, Justin, and I'll I'll get it over to people I know. Beautiful. So, I'll put you in my system if you're not already in it. I'm going to send you out the pitch deck for you to take a look at it, and then I'm going to follow up with you in a few days. I'm going to follow up with you in a few days. remember and these are some great some kind of cool quotes that I always tell myself if I ever um am hindrant you know picking up the phone or call it dialing people or talking to people don't ever pitch them right and you've heard me say this it's always a matter of hey who do you know so I'm not pitching you I'm sending it to you but who do you know that may have some interest so that's number one you pull the sale away because they're going to look at it too and say huh why didn't they ask me this is kind of interesting maybe I'm interested. And then they'll come in themselves, right? The FOMO, fear of loss, right? All that stuff. Uh that's a powerful thing. Everybody wants what they don't have by nature. So, you pitch that out there like that. And then it's the follow-up because they always say fortune is in the follow-up. You've heard that quote before. Uh closed mouths don't get fed. A closed mouth does not get fed. Um, and this is why it's always funny sometimes and I always kind of watch, you know, people Isn't it interesting, and it's not always this way, but almost half the time, you'll have a an immigrant that comes into to the United States that came from a really bad environment from where they came from. So, there's like a deep deep pain wound there because of that. in that deep deep pain wound of realizing that if I don't hustle, right, if I walk around in my life with a closed mouth, I'm not going to get fed. So, they come in with a, you know, right, just a drive that boom, because there there's no complacency. There's no feeling of entitlement. That's probably the wrong word, but there's no feeling of comfortability because they they don't know what they're getting tomorrow. So, I mean, let's go. and they just run with a level of urgency and almost like a scaredness inside of them that everything's like, "Right now, let's go." Um because they're trying to run away so bad from what they came from that they run with a level that is is pretty gnarly. Um and it's interesting. It's interesting. And that happens the same thing here. You run into people that, you know, have really bad starting points in life, right? Or have gone through a lot of stuff and because of that kind of internal pain, it's their fuel. It's their fuel. And so maybe you have that, maybe you don't. If you don't have it, let's let's fake it. [laughter] Like like literally, let's fake it. Um, which is what happened to me. It literally happened to me uh when I was getting into real estate sales. And maybe I know some of you know this story. So, back in 2010, like literally when we bought our first deal, that same year, uh I was leaving my asset management job, my W2 comfortable Friday paycheck, working for the back end of the banks during the REO foreclosure crisis. And I'm like trying to set up jumping out into the entrepreneur world where I don't know where the next paycheck's coming from. And as a real estate agent, it's all commission based, baby. You don't help people buy and sell. you don't eat. Okay. And so, yeah, there's a lot of anxiety in that. And I'll [laughter] I'll never forget it because I had a phone call with my mentor at that time who's the broker and I said, "Dude, I'm going to do this." But I I got three months of I think no, I had four months of reserves in my bank account. Okay? Four months of expenses in my bank account. I had to run. And I had the phone call with him and he says, "Well, come in come into my office in the morning." And I said, "Okay." So, I go into his office in the morning and he says, So, what do you need to make this year to make sure that like you can be here next year and grow and do this together? I said, 'I got to make six figures, man, because my splits with you right now are like 50/50 because of the way you start newer agents. And he's like, "Yeah, it's true." Okay. He's like, "So you but you can get up to a 9010 split if you do XYZ by the end of the year." And I said, "I need to do that. I I have to do that. It's not an option. I have to do that." And he says, "Okay, you have to do it." I said, "Yeah, I have to do it." He says, "Beautiful. Take out your checkbook." And I'm like, "Okay." So, I take out my checkbook. He's like, "Write me a $10,000 check. I want you to post it to December 31st of this year. You're going to give it to me. If you do not meet that goal, I'm cashing this check. If you do not meet your goal, I'm going to cash this check." Now, if you want to fake creating a pain and or a level of anxiety that will get you out of bed in the morning when you don't want to get out because you're tired and you want to be complacent, you want to do this and you want to do that, you want to come up with all the mental excuses inside the seven inches inside your brain, go pull that one off for yourself. Because I guarantee if I came to every single one of you and I said, "Write me a 25 or write me a $50,000 check and if you don't get an apartment building in the next six months, I'm cashing this Watch what happens. Right? It goes back to the old saying that if you give people a week, they'll take a week. If you give them a month, they'll take a month. So sometimes you have to self-create that for yourself if it's not internal. Right? If you don't have that built-in trauma and pain and fuel inside you, that's okay. You got to self-create it. And he did it for me. And I literally, I'm kid you not, and I didn't even have a full year to hit it. I had six months to hit the six figures. And I did. And I went from that 50/50 split to an 8515 split over six figures. in six months and then the rest is history. the rest is history. And then I became I was an agent for 10 years, made great money, but all the meanwhile we started buying little properties, right? And I knew that I wanted to make this transition, but it's hard, right? It's hard when you're sitting here making money, you're spending 8, 10 hours a day doing that to then find the time, right? So then I had to be efficient and I said, "Okay, how can I find one to two hours a day, 5 to 10 hours a week knowing that I want to do this?" And everybody else here is doing that because you have jobs, you have careers, you have things you're doing every day. So, you're going to spend that. Then you come home and you got family time or whatever it is you're doing after that job. You have to find the one to two hours a day to execute this game. And that's how you'll do it. And then once you start getting your first deal, boom. Second deal, boom. By the third one, you're generating enough income from the apartments to where now you could look at the other side and say, "Do I spend as much time there anymore? Do I start to pull away? Maybe I do both still. Maybe I choose this one." And then you leap. It's no different than I did. Took me about two and a half years to make that leap. Once I made the decision for myself, I'm going for it. I said, "By this date, I'm going to be completely out of sales." And I was. And I was. Uh, it's pretty wild. It's pretty wild. Um, Julian, you asked earlier about the social media under the GP investment question. Uh, 506C. Yes. So, let's talk about social media for a minute in in advertising your deals online. So, the 506 and there's a gray area for this, okay? You can talk about a deal on your stories, on your feed, something like that, but you can't actually pitch the terms and you can't run ads and you can't do any of like the paid promotion stuff, any of that. If you're running a 506 B is in boy offering, that means you can bring in accredited and nonacredited investors, but you cannot publicly advertise it. I can't go out there and start running paid webinars and ads and all that stuff to publicly advertise this deal, but I can post it on a story. I can say, "Hey, I just locked up this deal, 30 unit, blah blah blah blah, and I'm bringing in some investors. You almost kind of talk about it in the third sense, third party, and I'm bringing in these things and we're raising some capital and stuff. Looks like these returns look great. They're right around here on this deal. You know, if you have any questions on it, shoot me a DM or, you know, pop in the comments or whatever it is about this and I'll get right back to you." That's how you can do it indirectly online. Uh and or you can send out an email to a database or you can clearly make phone calls. You can post that stuff indirectly without actually pitching terms and stuff to your circle that is following you. That you can do. That's the kind of gray area that gets matched with it because you're not like saying, "Hey, invest in my deal right now. Here's the terms. Click this button right here and come in blah blah blah blah." It's not what you're doing. You're talking about the deal behind you saying blah blah blah. Here's the returns. Yeah, I'm working with some investors right now. We're closing here in 60 days. Here's actually the returns, you know, we're projecting and super excited about it. You know, hey, if you have any questions, click below or shoot me a comment, right? And I'll answer some questions. You're not asking them to invest. Big difference. Yeah. So, that's how you kind of play that gray area online. uh if you're running a 506B offering versus 506 C, a 506 C allows you to publicly market and advertise that deal. Okay. Um awesome. So, yeah, Brian answered that question. Um Otter plan. Oh. Oh, Jay is on. Okay, got it. Sorry. Yeah, I'm glad that was powerful for you, Julian. Um because yeah, it kind of gives you the big perspective on what's going down here, you know, and why you're doing this and giving you that bigger purpose behind it and the problem that you're solving for you and investors and why it's so powerful, right? And the skill set that you actually are learning and getting here. I mean, it's crazy. Um because if you master it just like a surgeon would master brain surgery or a hedge fund manager would master bringing people's money in to go invest, you know, through their hedge fund deals, that's a masterful skill. And that's why hedge fund managers make so much money is because they have a skill set that's extremely valuable because they're doing essentially the same thing but with another asset class. You are doing it for apartments, right? you're doing it for apartments and you're providing that level of skill set for other people who want to invest in real estate. They just don't know how to do this. So, you're bringing that to the table. You're saying, "Hey, here's an opportunity. You don't need to do any of the work. You're going to collect checks, right? And here's your projected returns, right? That are almost double what you're making now. And now you're going to be able to move a portion of your, right, money because maybe you got, you know, 100k. I don't know. I'm just making up some money. They have 100k sitting in stocks and they want to pull out 20 and this could be a smaller investor person. They want to pull out 25k of that, right? 25k of that and come over here and invested into your deal, right? Not all their money, a portion of their money. And then they're going to get, you know, 25k in tax write off. So almost like a onetoone year one. And then they're going to get a return on that 25k of 14 to 20% a year, which is double what they're making in their current investments over here. And they're not pulling all their money out. They're just pulling a portion of it out. And then you're having it diversified into a real estate asset that anyone can go up and touch and it's a piece of brick and it's on land and it's great and people love that. They love it. Um, awesome. Any last questions before we kind of finish up here, but I wanted to elaborate on that just based on calls that I've had recently around the the capital and financing side. Um, and you all the lenders know that we syndicate the equity and that gets raised during the transaction. But I think it's really important to know the beginning steps here as you come in and you're going through that 90-day action guide. This is why you're doing all this stuff upfront. Because if you don't do it upfront and then you get a deal locked up and you're trying to raise money and put all the financing and stuff together, anybody who has interest in it, unless they're really, really, really close to you, they're not going to get a comfortable feeling if you don't seemingly have your together. Pardon my French. Right? So that's why we provide all this kind of stuff up front and basically remove the roadblocks by giving you it all included. You just obviously have to do some of the work for it, but then it's there and then you have your official business in place. No different than we did, right? No different than we did on ours where we came in, right? And our website started very simple, right? We created our LLC. Then we got our website and this was very basic in the beginning. We have a CRM attached to it. And then now as we've grown, now as we've grown, we also have a deal portal that someone could come in and they can invest and it has a deal portal and they come right into that and if they're not registered, they can they can register and become a new investor with us. And then once they get access to that portal and you guys can sign up for this and see what it looks like. This is through our investor relations software called Syndication Pro. Syndication Pro. There's a link for it. You don't need it right now, by the way. If you haven't done at least two deals, you don't need to spend the money on this. Okay? This is for a little bit later down the road after about two deals. Then it's worth it investing in something like this. It's like five, six hundred bucks a month, but it provides any of your investors another level where you literally can log into this thing like you're logging into your bank account and it's going to show you your investment where it's at. It's going to have all your legal documents in there. It's going to have everything in there, tax documents, everything, your returns, your distributions, everything. So, it's all nicely organized, ready to go. And so, that's all in there. The other thing we're putting up in the portal for you is uh this, let me see if I can pull this up and we'll finish on this because this is going up in there because people have asked for it is the um the capital spreadsheet that if you have six investors um how would you and I don't have the the backend portal and stuff set up. How would I manage them? Okay, how would I manage them? And let me show you what I mean. And I will share this and then you'll get a you'll get a copy of this. Okay, it's a template and then you'll have it. Okay, so like this was on one of our deals. H this is what's called a uh capital accounts tracking sheet. So each one of the investors shows their class of membership shows their contribution and all this stuff. All this stuff in blue you add you basically input everything else is formula based and it's going to track it on a quarter by quarter basis each year and then each investor has their own statement. Okay that's attached in here as well. Okay. Um, so we will set it up so we can give this to you. So, this will allow you to organize and track all of your investors on a deal-by-deal basis. And you'll literally just copy this for each deal and track all of your investors. And then these statements get uploaded to them or emailed to them each quarter each quarter to show their money. And so that way, once again, you look professional. Okay. You look professional. Um, uh, yes it is, Michelle. So, yeah, typical closing time on a deal is 60 days with a 30-day option to extend. So, in that LOI, that letter of intent, you'll see the language in there, that template you have that has 60 days built into it with an optional 30-day extension that you can execute on. Okay? And so, that way, you technically would have 90. Technically have 90. Uh, yes, very common. Very common. Yeah. And when you say number of doors, I mean the deals I'm talking about here, commercial deals, so call it five plus units, but let's call it 10 plus unit deals. Yeah, 60 days is very common. You know, sure you've seen 45. The reason why the 60 days is there is really for the lending and the financing side because you can get through the due diligence, you can get through your inspections, you can get for all that stuff. It's really for the lending and the loan and your capital raising. It's really those two things that typically make it go that distance. Okay? And that's why that is there on average. Um was this helpful today to kind of go through some of those uh you know questions on the financing and capital side and reasons for you know why you're doing a lot of this. Okay. Yeah. just from a high level to give you perspective on really the skill set you're learning. I mean, and I kid you not, I mean, I think about it, [laughter] you know, because yeah, I went to all the universities. I have all the formal education, all that cute stuff, and yeah, I got the degrees and the double M. I mean, it's just sure and it's nice. Uh, but I didn't need that to be honest with you. It's great for the resume. Uh, it looks good. Cool. You got a double master's degree. Congratulations, Justin, in finance and business and all these other things. And yeah, you have an undergraduate from business and Pepperdine and marketing degree and bl all this other crap. And it's cute, but I can tell you right now that this had nothing to do with this skill set because this I mean this I'd say the only thing I got that helped in this was just the finance side. Probably the finance side and knowing how understanding numbers and stuff that definitely came from college for sure. Um, but in terms of the actual real estate knowledge, nope. That had nothing to do with any of those silly degrees that hang on a wall. [laughter] So, uh, you do not need it. Trust me in that. But uh I would say I always tell my kids too because I want them going to college but I tell them I'm like other than basic algebra and I'm serious other than basic algebra percentages and multiplication that's about as much math as you need in in life unless you're going to be some mathematician or some crazy thing. No, you don't need statistics and geography. I mean that's nice but you don't need it. Um you know calculus, all this other stuff. No. Percentages, great. Multiplication, great. Basic algebra, basic algebra. That's it from the math. Uh, and then it's just a matter of networking. I told him, I said, "When you guys get to college, you network the you know what out of it." Because I said, "The more hands you shake, guys, the more money you make, and you don't know who's who, who who who." So, everybody's a great opportunity. Everybody's a connection. And you lean into people, and you help people out. You help people out, you help people out. Give, give, give, give, give, and the law of the universe will pay you back 10x, you know, and just go after it with the giving mentality of serving people and the universe will repay you more than you can ever fow. And that is how you go after it. And you shake as many hands as you can. You put as many people in your phone as you can and you connect uh because you don't know what's going to happen post college, post this, post that. I mean, next thing you know, they're some CEO of some hedge fund and you're like, "Man, I was an to that person." Nope. Don't do that. Don't do that. So, yes. And that is that goes back to that, Chris. Network is net worth. And that is true. More hands you shake, the more money you make. Network is net worth. Um, all of that. It's very, very true. It's very, very true. Um, closed mouths do not get fed. So, anytime you question, and I always go after, and maybe you've heard this quote, too, 20 seconds of courage, 20 seconds of courage, think about this statement for a minute. Maybe you have to deal something today that's you're like hesitant in doing. I don't know, maybe it's a project, maybe it's talking to somebody, picking up the phone, having that conversation, not having that conversation, doing whatever it is. Just remember this, have 20 seconds of courage to do it, to start it, to get it moving, right? Whether it's picking up the phone and dialing, sending out that email, talking to that person, doing that task, 20 seconds of courage. And then after that 20 seconds of courage, it's the next 20 seconds of courage. And if you actually just go about it with that, so that way anytime you're holding yourself back from doing it and you're like putting it off, which we do a lot, say, you know what, no, stop, Justin. Grab your you know what, let's go. 20 seconds of courage. Go make it happen. 20 seconds of courage. Go make it happen. and get through that 20 seconds and you'll be so proud of yourself. You really will. You'll be like, "Okay, this is cool." Like, I got it done and I I I was didn't want to do it, but I got it done and I got out of my own way and I got it done. 20 seconds of courage. 20 seconds of courage. 20 seconds of courage. I always because I was hesitant when I would go into rooms uh and it there was somebody in there that I really wanted to talk to business or personal wise and I would always kind of like be the guy not wanting to go across the room and shake the hand and initiate Uh, and then I got to a point where I'm like, you know what? F it. 20 seconds of courage, Jess. Let's go. And just go introduce yourself and and lead that conversation with servitude, right? And talk about them, ask about them, understand them, and lead with servitude. You will be amazed. Be amazed. 20 seconds of courage. 20 seconds of courage. 20 seconds of courage. So, you will tell yourself that till you're dead now. 20 seconds of courage. Anytime you get into something that you don't want to do, 20 seconds of courage just to take the next step to take the next step to take the next step. 20 seconds. 20 seconds. 20 seconds. Next thing you know, you got it done. You're like, "Yes, I did it. I got out of my own way." It's pretty cool. All right, everybody. I feel like we had a Tony Robbins session today. No, but that the financing and capital is really really really important. uh and I and and part of it is making sure that the fundamentals are set up administerial wise so that way when the deal actually presents itself you can actually go execute on it and you'll get people attracted into you in your deal from the money side. So that's why that's so important. All right everybody, any last questions before we finish off? Beautiful. Silence is golden. All right, Michelle. Awesome. Julian Twi, you're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. Uh, make sure you have that link once again if you do want to come to that 3-day event. Uh, here's the link one more time and use the code mentor for free and come out and play with us in Vegas. And no, we're not going on the strip. You can go on the strip later, but we will not be on the strip. Uh, we got a really cool event space about 10 minutes off the strip. So, you can stay anywhere really in within, you know, I mean, really anywhere in Vegas because it's Yeah, we're 15 minutes away from any of the main hustle and bustle. So, awesome. Everybody, have a great rest of your day. Let us know if you need anything and let's rock and roll. &gt;&gt; [clears throat]