What's up everybody? Everybody's coming on in. Happy Tuesday. Let everybody jump on in here. Beautiful. Good to see some shiny faces here. There you go. So, we'll wait a couple more minutes and we'll let everybody come on in. Christian, good to see you. Allan, Jason, awesome. John, good to see you. I see Joe in here. We got Kurt. Marco was just on with you. Oscar, how are you? How's Las Vegas? And I see Christian in here and stuff. Um, yeah, Christian, we updated that email. Um, the links are accurate in the back end, but the email that goes out did not have the accurate link for Thursday, but it does now. &gt;&gt; Okay, thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's all handled there. Uh, a couple things we're going to go over uh this evening is I'm going to pull up the um investor um kind of how you're you're managing your investors in the capital and the capital accounts and all that stuff. You know, when you're bringing in money and how to track it and you know what they're getting paid, when they're getting paid, how they're getting paid. So, we're going to go through that and then also I'll bring up a deal we're going to analyze that Marco had shared with us. Uh, and I'll pull that analyzer up and we'll go through that deal. Uh, but before we get started, any kind of wins from the last week uh that anybody kind of wants to chat about? Any chats with brokers? Uh, did anybody get, you know, told to go pound sand? Anything exciting, you know, other than uh the norm? Any anybody get any brokers not to call you back? Like everybody. [laughter] Okay, perfect. See, at least I get everybody to raise their hand for something. That's good. That's good. &gt;&gt; I'm doing my first face to face on Thursday, so I'm looking forward to that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you're going out to Idaho, correct? &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Nice. Uh, is it a direct flight in Are you going into Boise or Idaho Falls? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. It's like a short flight, an hour and a half. &gt;&gt; Uh, into Boise. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. If if any of you ever want an incredible place, there's a place called Bogus Basin, which is just outside of Boise up in the mountains, and it is Idaho's bestkept secret. It's basically Idaho's mammoth. Uh &gt;&gt; skiing, skiing, and snowboarding, &gt;&gt; everything. Yeah. It's called Bogus Basin. Um it's right about an hour Yeah. about an hour outside, maybe an hour and a half outside of of Boise, Idaho. Yeah, some of the best snow that I've ever been in. Um, yeah, I was pretty shocked. And it's a massive mountain, too. I mean, it just keeps going. So, um, anyhow, if you're ever out there, get some good skiing, have some potatoes, you know. Um, so yeah, let me bring up the capital accounts real quick. Anything else? Uh, any good news, bad news, any wins, any losses anybody wants wants to share from last week? It was It was that exciting, huh? &gt;&gt; They scheduled negotiations. Many of us are going to be wrapped up with that. &gt;&gt; What was that? &gt;&gt; Whoops. I just heard you. I don't know who that was, though. Who was that? Was that &gt;&gt; That was me. I just got unmuted. Um I actually got a crazy deal that's getting pretty that might actually work. It's really really close. So, we fudge with it a little bit. I'll probably send it to you tomorrow and see what you think. But it's it's getting close. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Which is kind of unusual, but &gt;&gt; hey, &gt;&gt; you know, that's why it's why we look at them. Um, let me pull this up real quick. So, this is the and this is in your back end. Um, this is the GP Capital accounts for your investors and everybody that you would have when you're managing your investors. Okay. Um, let me go and pull this up. share it with you. So you have this Excel [clears throat] in your back end. Uh because it gets asked a decent amount, hey, do I need you know an investor relations software like sponsor cloud which you know we use or aka syndication pro or do I need any of that for my my first deal? And the answer is no. Um, I use spreadsheets for my first couple deals. And then you can get into, you know, more advanced stuff that, you know, costs some money each month to do it. Not crazy money, but there's no reason to spend that um, if you don't, uh, have a handful of deals already kind of set in. So, this is what's called the capital accounts tracker. So, pretty straightforward on it. you know, you're going to have your investors, which are all your class A's, and you would put them in here by their name, um, or their entity, you know, LLC, or it could be a trust, could be their name directly, all the above. So, that would be in uh the amount they've invested, the contribution, and the date at which they invested, it autocalculate their percentage of um interest, o ownership interest in the deal. Um, and that's based upon your splits up here. So, if if your splits were a 7030, then that would be here and that would change that. If you had a preferred return of 6%. &gt;&gt; What's that? &gt;&gt; Oh, give him some extra talking. &gt;&gt; Cool. U, but that'll get you that. So, that way you can track your investors that way. and it's going to go ahead and give you the annualized preferred return that these investors would be getting based upon their investment amount and the preferred return. So that's the preferred return. And then since you distribute quarterly, right, you have Q1 and so forth. And then what you would be doing is manually at the end of the quarter when you get your financials for the property and it says, "Hey, you know, after all expenses, everything out the door, you have, you know, $15,000 or $10,000 to distribute, right? That's cash available." And then you say, "Okay, we're going to go and distribute all of it." So that's the 10,000. We're actually going to distribute all of it. Well, your preferred return right for that that you're going to pay because the actual preferred return should be is it actually the exact amount? No. Hold on. Earned. Let's see if this thing has it calculated correctly. That should be N9. Oh, got it. So, let's make sure this is accurate. Yep. Uh oh, it moved the category over. So that's why it is. So it should be on D28 is what it should be on. There you go. So we'll update that for you guys. There's a little tweak in there. Um but preferred return that's due, right, would be 58 and change. Uh so that's the amount of cash that's available to distribute and that's how much you're going to send out. That's the preferred return and preferred return paid is 5833. Was that what it was? 97 5833.97. So you're going to pay all the preferred return. And then you're going to have additional cash available and that's going to be split by your splits that you put in there, right? And if you set this up, it'll take these splits here. So we'll double check all that stuff and make sure it's accurate for you. But that's why I wanted to go through this tonight. But you kind of see how it's now diving that up. And then now it's going to distribute that preferred return paid plus the cash distributed above and beyond that. So that way you're getting both of these combined for all that cash distribution. And then you as the GP get this additionally. So that should all add up to 10,000 bucks. And it does. Uh any questions kind of on that? And you would be doing that each quarter based upon how much cash you know is available. And what you can do too, just so you all know, is let's say for example, you actually have $15,000 that you could distribute, but hey, for the protection of the property, we're going to go ahead and hold back a little bit, maybe only distribute 12,000 of it and keep, you know, some in reserves, then that's where that would come in. Okay. Uh Christian, you had a question. Uh, hey Justin. So you were saying before that as a GP you're double dipping. &gt;&gt; Yep. H &gt;&gt; how does that work in this overview? So you would put your name as one of the class A and then &gt;&gt; as the class B as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's correct. Um not let me do this. There we go. Yep, that's correct. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Okay. And and how &gt;&gt; Yeah. And your money doesn't even have to be there, but you could put a dollar in there. It doesn't really matter. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. And and h how would you add yourself as a piece of that class A &gt;&gt; right here? &gt;&gt; Okay. So that way you're you're part of the total stack that's in here. So your money's here and then you're the you're the GP, right? Right here. So technically this is all the GP money and then this is all the LP money. So that way I get to play as a limited partner and then I get my my GP money which is going to be based on the splits. So that way I'm getting that right here. I get this money right here plus I get this money right here. And normally you distribute by quarter. &gt;&gt; Correct. For accounting purposes. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. &gt;&gt; What is it called on the total preferred paid? &gt;&gt; Uh &gt;&gt; does that increase like each quarter? Like &gt;&gt; correct. So correct. So you have um you could have some from previous quarters and stuff that you had to acrue and so it's going to show the the total the total amount that's paid to date. That's right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, you know, we'll we'll double check all of these formulas and stuff um since this is in your back end, but we'll double check it all. &gt;&gt; You have 4% and you talked about 6% many times. Is that a lower number just on this deal? &gt;&gt; Uh we have 6% preferred here. What does it have here? That's weird. &gt;&gt; That's weird. Yeah, it should be matching that. Yeah, it should be matching this number. There you go. [snorts] So then you would match that uh for the period and we'll double check everything as it comes through. But yes, that's the the the point behind is to make sure you have your capital accounts set up and that way you can track it and [clears throat] you do it by each year. So you would just add this to the end and move or copy it for another year and create a copy and then make that 2027 for next year and so forth, right? Did you not say so? Like if you're putting in your $15,000 for all your SEC paperwork and your down payment money and all that things, all those things that that counts into your 100% or your your percentage of what your of your LP or is that separate? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, but you wouldn't you wouldn't take it out here. That would be just considered a a reimbursement fee to you inside the entity. Oh, &gt;&gt; okay. &gt;&gt; Right. So you wouldn't track it on this type of sheet. This is just really to track uh the preferred return and the cash distributions &gt;&gt; uh that are going out. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; I mean in in a way because the the deal is going to reimburse you for a lot of those deal costs, &gt;&gt; right? for like let's say um internal and asset manager fee or any of the other small general administrative fees and stuff like that you would take out as the entity and then it would all it just be in your QuickBooks file you know for that. Does that answer that question for you John? Yeah. So it may be worthwhile just to kind of play around with this and download it. uh we'll make sure we get the most updated one in there. It's a pretty simple little spreadsheet, you know, nothing sexy, but it's on a per quarter basis and pretty much anything in the the light blues you fill out. Everything else should be self-calculated for you and allows you to track your investors. And then we created these little statements in here that are preset statements. And what I do is I just use a Fiverr guy and I give him access to the Google Sheets and then he comes in here at the end of each quarter and then I just make sure I make sure these numbers are accurate, right? And then I get my little Fiverr data guy to just go ahead and put all the statements together for everyone for all the investors and send those out. Takes them all of 30 minutes. He does it once a quarter. I think it cost me 90 bucks per per property. And that way, you know, you're not doing all that that that nuance work. Once you go through it one time, they'll have this all set and they'll just add this stuff in. So that way you'll have it. And this just allows you to track the money, which is of course very important uh for you and for um investors. I see some glazed looks on some eyes. So, do you have questions or did it or did it go over? Are we good? Yeah, it's a good little spreadsheet thing. Like this is this is the one I used on our first deal years ago. So, it's very simple. Nothing crazy, but it gets the job done. Yeah, it gets the job done. Uh Allan, I saw your hand up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, quick question. Um you can hear me okay I would assume right? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Um so um and you may have covered this in a in the past you know for example a 2.2 equity multiple okay you get 2.2 times your money back but you advertise like a 3 to five year timeline. So what is that 2.2 based on what time period? Because it's a function of the time right. So, &gt;&gt; right. Correct. And it's it's a function of when you run your proforma, right? When you do the the analyzer tool, it's taking it out, call it five years, six years, whatever it is. &gt;&gt; So, it's going to base off of that. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; All right. Thanks, Justin. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, you bet. Um, so yeah, it's going to base it off of your um the time frame in the deal. Obviously, if you end up refinancing it or maybe you end up selling it sooner or whatever happens, you know, you'll reook at it, you know, at that date if you're selling before, say that 5year mark, right? But it's it's going to use those five years to uh to come up with those numbers. Yeah. Christian. &gt;&gt; Um Justin, well, I'm I'm a little bit familiar with these kind of overviews, but just just to understand. So this is based off of your actual cash that you are generating for that quarter that you're looking at like okay this is what I actually have available on my bank account for distribution and then you so so you make the decision of saying like okay I have let's say 10,000 I distribute all or is there like that you can say okay I'm keeping part of that cash for I don't know a renovation that's needed or something that needs to be fixed. &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah. And you have the ability to call that shot. That's right. Now, do you want to make sure your investors are getting their preferred return? Yes. Do you want to make sure they're getting their splits? Because yeah, the more money you give everybody and yourself, by the way, everybody's happy, right? And and deals keep coming and money keeps flowing. So, you're in uh you're you're enticed, I should say, to you know, put out as much money as possible, but you also don't want to put the property into a bad scenario. So, that's why, you know, it's always good to have some reserves that are held aside uh to make sure that you have that cuz, you know, trying to go back and get money is a lot harder. So, um &gt;&gt; and Justin, sorry. And also you said there are different accounts that you're using. You have your current account, let's say, and then you have your capex account. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, so that capex account, you would leave those reserves there and then you use your current account for these uh &gt;&gt; purposes. Yeah. So, when you create the bank account for the entity that's going to own the property, you're going to have three checking accounts, and it's going to be an operating one that handles all the daily activities, right? Rents and expenses of the property. You're going to have a capex, which is for all your renovations and kind of big ticket items. And then you're going to have an entity. So what would end up happening like in this case for example let's say there was $15,000 cash available to distribute. Okay. So then what I would do is I would actually move $15,000 over from here to my entity account and I'd bring it over. So that way I'd you know call it debit debit this one and credit that one and that way the money that goes out would come out of the entity account and that way you can see it tracked pretty nicely. And that way when you go back in there from a bookkeeping standpoint you can go okay we did the distribution here it went into here and it went out here. Very easy to see. And then same thing with capex. So obviously if you got, you know, 250,000 bucks in here that you're using to renovate the property, right? You're going to be paying like all the renovations right out of that account, right? Direct to the contractors for any of the renovation work. And that way it doesn't mess up all of the operating stuff. You you don't you're like, "Oh, what is that?" [laughter] like, "Yeah, it'll you." Trust me, we we've done it both ways and we ended up having to have a forensic accounting going back trying to figure out where all the money went and how and to who and what sub and what day and this was kind of a deal or this was kind of a capex, this wasn't a capex type thing. So, that's why we just separate them. And there's no more expense to do it that way. You just, you know, when you go into Bank of America or wherever you're getting your account set up, you just say, "Hey, I want the main checking account and then I want two other checking accounts and I want them here and here and here." Yeah. And that'll that'll really help. Good questions though. Yeah, these are kind of the little nuance questions that uh more operational backend logistics, but it's it's the stuff that you know that you're not going to find out about until you're like in it. And so it's nice to to know about some of this kind of little nuance detail stuff now, you know, on the deals. So, are you guys comfortable with me moving on from this? Perfect. So, let me pull up that deal. Hold on one second here. And this was one that uh Marco just sent in. So, I'm going to pull it up. We'll start messing around with it here real quick. &gt;&gt; Justin, one question really quick. And you don't have to go back in, but it showed everything with the prep, but what about the split? Like, how does that [clears throat] &gt;&gt; have that in there, too? &gt;&gt; Okay. I I saw like how it this is you determine the split, but as far as tracking, are you getting them to get out of the deal? &gt;&gt; Uh, correct. So, it's doing the splits and it's giving them all the money. Obviously, if you got to the final point in the deal and you were giving them a certain return, right, you would know that by the refinance cuz that's how you take them out is usually done through a refinance. So, when that's going to happen, you would be calculating how much money at that time they've received to date. And then if they've received their cap, meaning say that 18% that you promised them, then at that point, um, they're out of the deal, right? in that refinance would pay them out because that's usually what's what's going to take them out as a refi. It's usually not going to be your normal cash flows and stuff and or even normal distributions, &gt;&gt; right? Yeah. A capital event or something. &gt;&gt; Correct. Because that's that's what's going to hit the return nine times out of 10. So, hold on one second. Let me plug this thing in real quick. Perfect. All right, let me share the screen here. We'll jump into this deal and then um Marco, if you want to kind of chat us through this one a little bit. Um this one's in Colleen, Texas. This is a little 26 unit. Um, and then I'll jump through the uh 1970 deal here. Um, are you in here to chat about it? &gt;&gt; I think I see you in here. Yeah, perfect. Um, &gt;&gt; okay. &gt;&gt; See, just this property is in Gil, Texas. there is a uh base um military base there is the only income in the city. uh but the the numbers are very solid I think because the occupancy is 100% uh or 95 96% something like that and this unit has 26 this building has 27 uh units I think &gt;&gt; the rent is below the market also uh as you can see is one one $570 $ and the market is about 660. So the the rents according to rentometer are below and then is good signing I think and also the expenses in this case is uh for taxes 21,000 insurance 11,000 maintenance and repair uh around 13,000 and utilities in this case the the landlord paid pay the utilities. Uh maybe we can get some rewards about it and we calculate or we estimate um the the management is around 8%. Um I think let me see a good point the vacancy is is I think is more is near to 100%. I'm not very sure it's 5% but we can keep that number is it's okay. Um also Marco I don't know if you want to add something. Marco is my son. Sorry. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Um no I don't think I have something to add. Yeah. I'm just going to tweak some of these numbers here just based on some um some stuff here and see if we because obviously the these numbers are pretty off the chart here right now. So um we want to tweak some of this stuff just to get it in alignment. So I'm going to go through this. So let's assume let's go ahead and put in the price there at a million 325 and just keep that there. 27 units. You got a repair budget of 50k that's fine. year and age and lot size, closing costs, all that's great. This will probably be closer to 6.5 a rate on a property like that in that location. Now, let's come through the rents here. So, you have the unit uh mix. That's fine. Uh 1's, 2's, and a 31. Uh monthly rents that they're getting currently. Uh do you know what the square foot of or the square feet of the threebedroom is by chance? No, we we didn't find it. &gt;&gt; Okay, I'll just put 900 square feet in here just to kind of I mean, it's got to be at least 1,000. Yeah, I'll just put 1,000 in there and we'll we'll figure that out. Um, so you're going to take the rents from 570 on the ones to 658. You feel pretty comfortable with that? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; According to the market &gt;&gt; and then this is a good jump. You're going to go on the two ones. You're going to go from 630 to 850. And you feel pretty comfortable with that jump &gt;&gt; uh in in the we have a market analysis. I think &gt;&gt; we can check the the other prices we can get. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Got it. Yeah. So I just double check these things just to make sure because I mean you're doing some big jumps, right? And so that's why you know the numbers will seem off the chart, but let's you know it's just about verifying them. I mean, if if you get it, that's amazing. Uh, you just want to double check that stuff. And then these [clears throat] are all the taxes. These are all the expenses they gave you. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; In in the current numbers. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And then coming over here, um, yeah, maintenance and repair seems a little low. So, you're probably going to be want probably closer to 20,000. you're going to be, yeah, it's probably going to be 18,000, closer to 700 a unit on a 1970 building. And then you didn't have any turnover in there. I understand they're currently 100% occupied, but that's cuz the rents are really low. So, you're going to need to account for, you know, at least 20 to 30% of that building turning over. So, out of 27 units, you know, you're gonna have &gt;&gt; 10%. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. You're gonna have, let's call it seven units. So, you'll probably have close to I'm going to be light on you here and say 8,500 bucks on turnover. You know, realistically, you should I mean, this is looking pretty high here. So, that's why I want to tweak these numbers. The general administrative seems really high, so I don't know what they're doing here. Um, utilities seem really low. How are the utilities paid? &gt;&gt; It's um the landlord pays the these utilities. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, I would want to double check these numbers, especially on that. And then this number seems really high. That general administrative should maybe be like 12,000 bucks maybe. Contract services depending on the deal. I mean, you got some landscape stuff in there. You're probably you're probably you're probably almost 10,000 bucks for your contract services. Probably a little bit higher. Um, marketing's fine. You're going to double check this number here because remember how we just did the taxes on the other one? You want to see what the future taxes may look like in there versus what they are now. U insurance and all that stuff seems good. Um but that's not too far off. I mean it's a little high. Um, but it's probably not too far off on where your expense ratio is going to be at, right? And that's based on this purchase price. Okay. So, um, why isn't this pulling through? Divided by your sales cap. Just looking at that number real quick. Refinance cap. You have your sales cap in here. You got that in there. That's all fine. Um, okay. Refinancing's fine. All that because Yeah. And you are going to do a refi on this a after the renovation. Is that or but there's not much renovation you're doing, right? &gt;&gt; No, it's very &gt;&gt; Okay, so let's change this to a no for now. Let's see what happens here. Um and then I want to come over here real quick. Yeah, cuz this probably needs to be higher on your economic loss numbers. So you everybody double check this on your performas that when you put in your economic loss numbers down here, which in clean Texas you're going to be every bit of that. you'll be 10% at least on your economic loss in Texas and Colleen you'll have that but you want to make sure that matches over here you know maybe you're able to make it a little bit better maybe you drop it a bit but you won't drop below 10 not in Texas and then these rent growth numbers are seem super high so notice what's happening here if you look at the proforma so year one you're staying kind of you're moving the rents right you're going from old to new and then year two we're presum assuming the rents are now in place on the new units. So, it's already doing kind of that big bump for you. So, the reason like you you only want to be keeping somewhere about 3% here on your on your rent bumps. I mean, you may get lucky. That'd be great. Um, but you want to make sure that you're keeping it right around a 3% rent growth and may maybe it may be less than that, but that's fair. And then 10% or so on your economic loss in that state. So that's going to now now your numbers are getting more into reality. So you start coming back down here. Why is this doing that? This um this cap rate. Yeah, but why is it um proforma? Okay, it's pulling it here. Just trying to figure out what perform a K23 perform R40 K23. Oh, that's why. Got it. So, we can go ahead and just adjust this. You can do year six, year five. That's why I was doing that. Got it. Okay. So, now you're all good. Um, okay. So, yeah, I mean, that's a fair deal and that's at that price. So, but you're going to want to double check this because I guarantee that number is going to be higher, right? Uh, which is then going to want to adjust this thing down. So, that's where you were at like a million250. So, what's great everybody is you can take I can [clears throat] take this address as you all know I can come over here to R AI and I'll show you this in a second and I'll plug it in here and then I'm going to say give me the property taxes for this property [clears throat] and what the future would be right. So then what I'm going to do is let it finish its thing here. Put in the property address. This is a 27 unit uh multifamily apartment. Um I am buying just say buying it for uh let's just say 2 250. Is that right? One one to 50. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah. Oh 1 million. Got it. &gt;&gt; 1.25. So that's your tax rate. new assessed value. Usually they won't go the full amount, right? They'll usually give you like 90% on it, right? So 28 29,000 a yearish. Um, got it. I'd underwrite it 30. Yeah, that's fair. So yeah, you're going to want to come back here. This is going to want to change up. I'd be fine with 29 because you're going to kind of protest that and so that [clears throat] way now I have that number in there and I want to check the utility numbers. But yeah, this seems still pretty high. So I I just want to jump into that. That's this number seems high. you know, you should be able to operate this property correctly in the low 50s, high 40s on a 1970 product. Uh, you should be able to do that. So, this would definitely be something I would just start digging into these expense numbers a bit. Um, but and you don't even have any other income. So, there's always other income. Just so you know, there's always going to be other income. Even if the the the broker's OM doesn't show any, you're going to have late fees, you're going to have admin fees, you're going to have uh application fees, you're going to have pet rent, maybe there's parking, you know, extra parking fees you can charge. You know, there's going to be other fees and other income. In addition, there could be reimburseables for utilities depending on the market and whether that market allows for rubs, as they call them, you know, uh reimburseables for utilities. But there's going to be some other income in here. So for like you, usually what I do is if my utilities are like 810,000 a month or 810,000 a year, which I got to be higher than that. Um I mean I would be coming in here even if they didn't have numbers and stuff in there. You have to figure I mean you're going to have at least 5,000 bucks on a a 20, you know, 7 unit property just with util even if you had minimum utility reimbursement, but you had other fees and costs and uh income that can be generated just off admin fees, application fees, you know, all kinds of little things that you can late fees. You're going to have some people pay late sometimes, so there's going to be late fees and other things in there, but that gives you other income like like you can make a good a good profit off other income line items, which is why we're always trying to find ways to add I mean, heck, we'll put a vending machine in the lobby. I mean, like, you know, Yeah. I mean there's just little you always want to look for other income and other little ways you can add auxiliary you know um stuff for you know luxury items luxury goods things that people depending on the market right some properties and markets don't allow it some may but you always want to look at that for sure but yeah I mean it's a you know it's a fair deal I mean if you can uh if if these rents are are real &gt;&gt; and I'm seeing uh your chat GBT and uh we're not seeing if you're pointing at something else. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. I just don't want you to see it. Kurt, [laughter] &gt;&gt; also I was going to ask about the DCR because that was uh low. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Correct. &gt;&gt; Hold on one second here. By the way, is this a an on market or offmarket deal that that you found, Marco? &gt;&gt; It's on the market. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so with this 0.94 here, um this may require you to come in with more money down initially, um to get it in line. to get this thing to set or adjusting some of these expenses if you can, right? If you can um because yeah, that will become an issue in getting loan proceeds uh where it may require, you know, more down payment, right? Uh to get it in line initially and then you could refinance it out. So, let's say you came in here and did a a refi at um Yes. And then you did a refi at year three. Um then you would be in a much better position, right? Uh and it's going to juice some of your stuff. You'll want to adjust these a little bit um to make sure the property can carry it on your proceeds because your refi maybe at 65%. Um to get your cash on cash returns and stuff up. You're not going to charge all of these fees um well yeah you don't have a big rena. You're going to charge one or the other. So just so you know for these fees like that's fine. Acquisition asset management fee one that's fine. you're going to charge either a refi or a dispo. You probably wouldn't charge both. Okay. So, you'd charge one or the other on that. Um, okay. Got it. &gt;&gt; Putting the refi in there put the average cash on cash at a whack. &gt;&gt; Right. You see the the fee you're talking about &gt;&gt; when you put the refi in at year three. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Correct. So that's why you always want to look at this and see, hey, where does it make sense to do my refi at? Uh to see, you know, what, you know, happens to the average cash on cash and all that stuff. Keep in mind, you're getting a chunk of money out, too. So, it's just it's kind of one and the same. But it that's why you always want to watch this number when you're doing your refies and how much money you're pulling out, right? Um because now it would bump it up and stuff depending on how much uh loan you're taking and what that interest rate looks like on the refinance. Um because you mean you could get I mean if your if your interest rate was say 5.5% you know it's going to start helping, right? you're getting up there closer to your 6%. But yeah, you want to watch that when you're looking at your refies to make sure it's going to make sense, you know, from a cash flow perspective to do that. What would you have to put down in order to clear that VCR &gt;&gt; on this one? Probably. I mean, this one's pretty heavy. So, that's why I want to look at um Yeah, that's too high. So, probably 45 initially, right? Right? And so you just have to see what starts to make sense because if it doesn't make sense then what starts happening, right? You have to back into the numbers that actually make sense. So I'd have to say, well, I can't put down 40 45%. I can do 40, right? And the numbers start getting close, but these numbers are high. See that? It should not be operating at that like that. That's what I'm saying. Something's something's up there. We need to look at that. Um um and double check. But yeah, that's I mean this this should run lower. I mean what I would what this should probably be if I just wanted to run this in here. Let me just put a credit in here real quick. Not that much. just to get the the overall number down. God dang it. There you go. Uh to where it's probably closer in line to 50%. Because that's probably where this thing should run at. Right around there. Um should be right in there. So then your cash flows and everything are going to start making some big sense. So that that's why we got to get those expenses lined up. So we got to really dig into that because that doesn't make sense for it to run that high even for a 1970s property. &gt;&gt; What falls under the general admin that they would have a 20 and you have a 12. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know. That's why I have no idea. That's a lot though. I mean I don't know what they &gt;&gt; number that you gave it credit for and that's the one question. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree. So because yeah, you're general administrative. So that's why I just look, you know, I always like to look at what they're putting in their detailed line items because I know where it should run, which is why we have, you know, these numbers here to to do that. And so that way you can get a good idea of uh of what it should be at, right? So, but yeah, it should be running right around that for a 1970 building in Texas. And where are we at on price and down payment now? &gt;&gt; Now we're at a million250 down payment. I could probably move to 35%. &gt;&gt; And that's going to keep me right there at that DCR, which is good. And then everything else lines up nicely. Now, &gt;&gt; I noticed Hey, hey, Justin. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I noticed on the OM on page four, it says that there hasn't been any renovations since it's been built. I don't know if &gt;&gt; thinking 19 what 60 &gt;&gt; 1970 yeah well yeah so the key becomes what do you what what makes sense for the market right do I go in there and and do a bunch of rena and do I get my return on cost right to do that because that that's the key right can I can I come in here and put in you know 150,000 bucks I mean whatever it is or in this case 10,000 a unit would be 270,000 and do that you know maybe maybe right but I got to start playing with these cash numbers here too I got to I got to watch all this stuff which is why that starts to change so that's why you know what what actually makes sense so now everything is in alignment right meaning if I can come in here and put in 150k to the building, get my rents to there from there with all these other expenses and everything else being equal, right? And buy it for a million250 with 35% down. These numbers look good. These numbers will work and all this is good. This all looks good. Um, your waterfall is fine. Uh, I'd probably run that at a 7030 and do a 6% prep on it and then you're going to bring in that amount of money, which is fine. So, yeah, I mean, everybody's going to make some money here, you know? I mean, you're you're going to be making 25% plus a year, your investors 20% a year on their money, you know. So that's a nice little deal if it works at that. You could come in here and put in 10% and they put in 90. Let's see what happens. Right? They're still making good. Your returns go stupid Marco. Right? But you can put in more because you're not going to get any more of the deal. So, I mean, I guess what I'm saying is if you were going to do 25% and they were going to do 75% of the money, the money, then I'm I'm changing this baby to a 50/50 almost, right? Because I'm bringing in not only the money, but now I'm running all the work, too. I'm doing everything. So, but that obviously isn't going to work because you can see now it goes in the red. So that's why you'd probably want to go uh 40 60 and start playing around with it. So now it starts to make sense, right? Your investors are making good returns, you're making good returns. So it's just kind of playing around with it. But realistically, the smart move would to do that. If you, you know, raise the money, you know, talking about, you know, 580 grand to raise and then this thing can be a 7030 split, 6% prep, and everybody's making good money. So, you can kind of play around with that, you know, based on what you'd like to see for yourself and and tweak it. But everything else is good. I mean, all these numbers are now in here correctly. So, I mean, you could even push this up a little bit and say, you know, if I could do 175,000 in the building and my return on cost is still 30%, but then the equity multiple now drops, right? So, you're kind of in that threshold. The 150 is kind of the good number in Renault. So, that's the sweet spot. So that way everything's kind of in alignment and you can get things I mean not everything needs to be green here FYI but it'd be nice you know so your DCR is good your expense ratios are good so you need to look at these expenses u Marco for sure you got to really dig into those things and understand them because a 1970 property in Texas 50% expense ratio is where it probably should run I mean maybe 52 but if it's running any worse than that, meaning any higher than that, then you got bad operations. Like there's some cost overrun, something's going on because it just shouldn't operate that that poorly. You should be getting at least 50%, you know, net operating income on this thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um, any kind of other questions you kind of see from this analyzer? Anybody in here before we kind of finish up? But that's how I kind of look at these things as I, you know, I'm always taking the data that I get from the brokers, right, through their info, plug it in, see what it looks like like that, and then I start chipping away at it based on the knowledge. And you know, if you hover over these things, it's going to give you some guidelines on where things should be at, right? So, and that way it's going to tell you, you know, where some of these numbers should run. And and right now with these expense ratios, I know, and it has it right there. It'll tell you that a 1970 building should be between 45 to 55%. So, &gt;&gt; this would prompt an LOI. &gt;&gt; What's that? &gt;&gt; This would prompt an LOI. &gt;&gt; Oh, 100%. I mean, everything prompts an LOI. It's just whether or not they're going to like it, [laughter] right? I mean, it's, you know, it's it's not terribly far off they're asking, right? Um, but yeah, I would absolutely submit an LOI at one two and, you know, see what happens and then get more detailed on on a lot of this stuff and and I'll send this back over to you, Margot, so you guys can take these numbers and anything in yellow, you know, you want to get details on. for sure. But this deal could work. Who wants to go in on it? Let's go. It's going in with Marco and buy it. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; I'm ready. &gt;&gt; Let's go. I mean, listen, it &gt;&gt; I was actually looking at that property, too. It's funny. &gt;&gt; See, so so now you Hey, you're in Texas here. &gt;&gt; You know, you you both you guys are in Texas. &gt;&gt; We need to connect, Marco. Yeah, totally. I &gt;&gt; mean, you're uh you're not too far, both of you guys, here in Texas. &gt;&gt; Where are you from, Marco? &gt;&gt; Houston, Texas. &gt;&gt; In Houston and we have a single family house portfolio in Bowman, Port Orange area. Oh, &gt;&gt; okay. You know where New Bronzeville is? &gt;&gt; Where? &gt;&gt; New Bronzeville. &gt;&gt; New Bronzeville. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's I'm by there. Oh, &gt;&gt; so I'm like 45 minutes from you. Or no, like &gt;&gt; like an hour and a half. So we'll meet. &gt;&gt; Yes, maybe next week. I'm going to be near to there. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, um matter of fact, &gt;&gt; perfect. &gt;&gt; Since we're here, what's your phone number? &gt;&gt; Yes. I'm going to write in the chat. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Lamu, &gt;&gt; sorry guys. &gt;&gt; That's good. [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's okay. &gt;&gt; I mean, hey, multiple ways to connect. You got you got the WhatsApp chat. You have, you know, the live meetings like this. I mean, that's the whole point. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Are you ready? &gt;&gt; Yes. In the chat. It's in the chat. &gt;&gt; Okay. Cool. Cool. Thanks. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Awesome, guys. Well, yeah. Hopefully this was helpful to look at that and Marker, I'll send it back to you. Um, but yeah, I mean I I'm always in the mentality, you mean you need to write 20 LOIs to to get one, you know, good deal, you know, and if you get it sooner than that, great. Uh, but, you know, I'm just I I I just pump them out. I mean, it's literally I just find out where the deals make sense. Meaning, if I like the deal, if I like the property, right, then it's just a matter of underwrite it to where it makes sense, send it out, and if it doesn't work, fine. I use it as a great opportunity just to chat with the broker and build a relationship, you know, and then and then let them tell me where my numbers are wrong. And nine times out of 10, you guys are always going to argue over the expense numbers. Very rarely will you guys argue over the revenue, right? because you guys will probably come in alignment on the rents and then it's going to come down to the operational expenses and what's going on there, you know, and how are they underwriting it and the economic loss numbers, meaning how much vacancy, bad debt, concessions, loss to lease, that economic loss number, you know, should be there because brokers like to underwrite it at, you know, 5% or 8%. I'm like, guys, just even in the best markets in in the United States, it's it's barely making that right now on a good day. So, when you get into other markets outside of tight coastal markets, then um you're going to see 10%. There's just no way around it, you know, and then they can you there's just no way. There's no way you're getting less than 10% anywhere in the Midwest right now unless it's a really really really unique tight tight market like Huntsville, Alabama, right? Well, that's a very unique market because of all the rockets and the PhDs and all those people down there. I mean, it's just a very tight market. It's very unique. Um, but that's that's very unique. So, awesome everybody. I hope you had a good evening. Let me know if you guys need anything. And then yeah, we have our uh Thursday call uh and then Saturday deals call for all those that are negotiating and in contract and stuff. So &gt;&gt; beautiful. &gt;&gt; Hey Justin, I have a question. Can we do it offline though? &gt;&gt; Sure. You bet. &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. Thanks. &gt;&gt; Awesome everybody. Have a good night. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Y'all soon. Bye. Bye. You bet. &gt;&gt; Have a nice evening everybody. Bye.