[Music] Hello, hello, hello. Come on in. Happy Thursday. We will get started here. Testing one, two, three. How's everybody doing? Good to see everybody coming in here. Good to see Thomas, Ernest, Joe. Great to see everybody. Come on in. Come on in. We'll get going here in just a minute. We're going to load everything up here so that way I can kind of show you guys some stuff on the back end. Right. All right. How's everybody doing? chime in in the chat if you're having a good week, not a good week, it stinks, if it's great, you want to talk about some things, let's do that. Let me pull this up real quick. Good to see everybody coming on in. All right. Hello. Hello, everybody. Having an amazing week. Good, good, Joe. Good to hear. Good morning, Matt. Great to see you. Awesome. So, I'm gonna go and uh I'm gonna share my screen real quick because I want to walk you guys through just your back end for anybody that's kind of newer into the community and stuff just to kind of showcase uh some of the backend stuff when you're logging in. And as you all know, you have the mobile app now. You have the mobile app now. So, uh, if you're inside of here, you can come into the learning section and you'll see this mobile app in here that you can go ahead if you want direct links or you can just search on it multifamily schooled on the Google or the um, Apple store and it'll pull up multifamily schooled schooled. You can otherwise you can come right in here and download it. So that way you have it on your phone and you'll see a lot of the community based stuff inside there and some of the learning stuff too, but mainly for the community chats and all that. So that's in there for you. Um, but I want to make sure you have access to that and we get everybody moving on to that. Uh, ideally ideally um, and then also wanted to show you too for the um, in the mentorship side of it. Hold on one second. Pull this up [Music] here. Why is it not showing on mine? It's odd. Oh, I know why. Because I'm not logged into my uh mentor account. But in this one here, the master class, same thing. You'll get to see that. Uh but in the download section in here, okay, this is really key. So that way you have access to that stuff in the downloads. Um everything from your deal analyzers, your due diligence checklist, your pitch decks, all the documents that you can download, legal document templates, etc., etc. are all in that in your mentorship portion under the download section. So make sure that you're going in there and uh you take take that. Um yeah, you're right. I have myself set up though as a mentee in our own system so I can make sure we see everything that you're seeing. Uh treasure trove for sure. Um and tax hacks, all that stuff's in there. A lot a lot of stuff in there. So make sure you get in there and download all that stuff. I'd ideally take it off the back end of the portal, put it into a folder on your computer. Um so that way you have it all and then we're adding to it as time goes on and people ask for certain things. Um, but you'll have all that, the pitch decks in there. Um, another thing in there too, and if you go through the actual master class, um, your 10- part series in there, if you need to know how to do a pitch deck, we have a little video I'm walking through step by step and filling out the actual pitch deck in real time with you. There's video right there for you. The deal analyzers, there's multiple in there. my case studies where I'm going through analyzing the deals in the deal analyzer so you know how to use those deal analyzers step by step. There's multiple videos on it right there in the back end in your uh 10- part series in your mentorship thumbnail. Okay? So, go through that. It's worth its weight and gold because you're literally going to see me walk through deals in real time and analyze them and how you would look at things and how you should look at things when you're looking at a property. You're looking at a property. Um, Cristiana, good to see you. Awesome. Akis, good to see you in here. Yeah, I want to make sure you guys are, you know, utilizing that back end as much as possible and all the resources in there, especially on some of those videos. uh because then it'll relate more as we come into the live classes like this as we're going through things as we're going through things when you're looking especially the deal analyzers because as you all know right you step one in this entire process is the is the finding of the deals I knew I had it in here where' that go May have taken it off this one may have taken it off this one. I'll go and move this guy up. We'll get out of this one real quick. Get out of that. Get out of that. Does anybody have one of these cool boards? These little vibe boards. These are great. We're at 100% there. um is because you all know I mean step one if you don't have a deal yet if you don't have a deal yet and I was going over this yesterday you know step one as we all know is you gota you gota you got to find the deals right you got to find and then here you have to analyze okay because without those two steps three through five are irrelevant they're completely irrelevant so I would say this and I would like to know from a show of hands is are you ideally every day, okay? And this comes to a consistently in a discipline thing. You know, we all have lives. You have your nineto-ive jobs. You have your careers that's making you money during the day. I get it. I was doing the exact same thing for many years. But you have to have the consistent discipline whenever you have a couple hours. And sometimes it's different times of the day, but for me it was in the evenings because I'd go work 8 10 hours a day doing the realtor life. come home, family time, kids go to bed, dad's on the computer at 8 8:00, 8:30 at night till 10:30. And I was finding deals. I was on cruxy.com is where it started. And I was searching in markets that I had identified for myself that I wanted to focus in. And same thing, right? Identify a few properties, okay? I'd throw them into my deal analyzer and then I'd spit them out and keep going. And this is basically the routine you're in until you get one that actually makes some sense. And then you're like, "Oh, sweet. The numbers kind of pencil out." Find out where it is. Talk to the brokers. And then you're writing your LOI if you decide, "Hey, I want to write an offer on this thing." And just remember, an LOI is not legally binding at all. It's literally worth the paper that's written on. It means nothing. It's literally, "Hey, I'm going to throw a shot across the bow, see what sticks, if anything." So, you should be writing as many LOIs as you can. There's nothing legally binding about. Even if they even if they literally sign the thing after you send it within 30 seconds, you could say, "Oops, don't want it anymore. Peace out." Okay? So, there's there's nothing wrong with writing 400 LOIs a day. Means zero. Okay? Means zero. It's not like a contract or anything like that. It's an unbinding, non-legally binding sheet of paper. It's all it is. So, you should be basically find, analyze, find, analyze, find, analyze, get a deal that makes some sense or whatever it may make sense at, okay? Regardless of the price they post online, and then you're writing LOIs. And that's really the cycle that you're in nonstop until you finally get somebody who says, "Yeah, we're going to accept or we're looking to accept." Or you're getting into I call the best and final, right? Where they actually take you to the next stage of the process, which is, "Hey, you know, you're off. We have a couple other offers. You're one of them. We're going to take you to the best and final stage. Best and final stage. Has anybody been in that part yet? That part yet where you've been into that best and final. Curious because I know Akus, good to see you. Um because that's kind of the cycle you're going to be in. I'm seeing some of the chats and stuff in here, but you you you got to get through that stage and hump, okay? Okay, because this is kind of where you're at. And to get through kind of that resistance and that stuck feeling stage, you got to look at deals and you got to write LOIs. You got to look at deals and you got to write LOIs. You got to look at deals and you got to write LOIs. That's the only way you're getting out of one and two because once one and two goes down and you actually find a deal, you analyze a deal, then it makes some sense. And then you write, I'd say this is kind of like 2A, you write the LOI. Well, then they're going to actually accept that sucker. And you're going to be like, "Wait, wait." You're going to accept my offer. You're like, "Oh it's real." Right? So then it kind of goes to the next stage, which is three. And that's the financing and capital, right? That's kind of stage three in the process, right? Your cycle, cycle, cycle, cycle, cycle, loi. Oh my gosh, they're going to accept that baby, right? And then you're going to move into the closing phase, right? Which is both of these three and four, right? Closing. But these kind of go in tandem, right? So it's kind of like, you know, these go in tandem for a while and then it goes to this stage and then once you own this beautiful thing, right, you got to manage that baby. But you know, many are stuck in this phase, right? And you got to find, analyze, find, analyze. Don't worry about what they're asking. I don't care what they're asking online. And remember that you're only using cruxy.com to find out who the brokers are that are doing deals in the market. It's not about actually finding a deal. You're utilizing it. because I was chatting with a gentleman the other day and who actually already had commercial real estate broker connections and I said great you already have some that's awesome so you don't actually need to go online that much and search krexy.com to find brokers in the market you're interested in you already have some of those broker relationships that now you can dig in a little bit further and say hey I'm looking for multifamily deals and here's what I'm looking for okay has anybody watched the video yet on the top 10 questions questions that uh brokers are going to ask you. Has anybody uh watched that yet? I'm curious. Okay. So, that's both in your portal in the back end. It's listed in there in under the section of finding deals. There should be a video in there. It says top 10 questions. It's also on YouTube. So, you can actually go, we posted it up there, too. You can actually go right to YouTube and let me share my screen. You can see it is that way you can go watch it and these and and we're actually going to be role playinging here pretty soon with a broker in the next week or so um on this, but you can go straight to our YouTube channel if you want. It's all in your backend portal anyways. But I did want to post this one up here. Top 10 questions right here that every broker is going to ask you. Every broker is going to ask you and you can watch that video. It's pretty short video. I think it's 14 minutes. Okay. But that's, you know, you're going through this cycle over and over and over again. You'll see that one on there. So, take a look at that one. Okay. Um, and then that way you you understand a little bit of the the back and forth you're going to get with a broker. And that's going to go through literally the questions they're likely going to ask you. The one that's not on there that should be on there that will add to it is the proof of funds statement one because they may be asking you for a proof of funds a little bit on that. Um but there's a way to handle that one too. All the other ones are on there. You'll see them. But that way you'll understand how to play the game when you're talking to brokers and you just need to look at that and rehearse it a little bit. Right? It's just a process of learning. You know, don't be in fear of failing forward, right? I'd much rather you this literally I'd much rather you call five brokers and crash and burn miserably like miserably like fumble every single letter of what you say to them because in that process you're going to learn a lot. Okay, you're like fumbling forward and that's okay because that's how you have to learn. Okay, that's how you have to learn. You we have to get out of that comfortable little box that people like to sit in because they're in fear of a failure. Failure is how you move. If you're not willing to kind of fail forward, then you're gonna stay nice and comfortable and you're not going to go anywhere. So, you have to be okay with like failing forward. It's okay. It's like, think about it. You got you got a war you're playing and you may lose a little bit of a battle in the beginning, but it's not how you start, it's how you finish. Remember that. It's not how you start, it's how you finish. And I was horrible at this too when I got started. You have to remember kind of going through, you know, my timeline of this when I did this, you know, 2018, you know, I'd finally said, "Hey, we've been playing small ball in the little duplex and forplex space in multif family." I wanted to go larger and so did our my business partner. But we didn't we used all of our own money at this point. Up to this point, we had about 20 units and about $3.5 million in assets. And we thought this was cool, but we wanted to go bigger, but we didn't have any more money. Like, we had used all of our own money to acquire these 20 units, but we wanted more. Well, we couldn't do that if we just kept using our own money. So, that started the Okay, what's this thing called? OPM, other people's money. Well, then that transacted into understanding syndication. I had to go to a conference and I had to learn this stuff like how what first of all what the hell is that? And then I learned like okay it's just collaborating with money. That's all it means. It's just a sexy word for collaborating with money. Bringing in some of yours with other people's money and then you collaborate. That's all it is. So syndicating is when you basically go buy a building and then you put a bunch of people and their money together. It's all it is. It's all it is. And then you get to be the head honcho as the general partner running and controlling it. And then everybody else that comes below you is a limited partner. But you're the head honcho here running the show. And that's syndication. So for that, as a general partner, you get paid handsomely because you're working hard. You're putting things together. Think about the general partner as a hedge fund manager for apartments. Okay? Because a hedge fund manager gets to make a lot of money. Why? Why? They're solving million-doll problems for investors. as a general partner syndicating a deal and having this skill set to do it. You are solving million-dollar problems for people that would like to invest in real estate but don't know how you do and you can make it happen and they have money that they'd like to give to you if you can execute the plan. That's all it is. And so for that, if you have this skill set, a lot of money. If you don't have the skill set, not a lot of money. That's it. That's it. If you want to make a lot of money, go solve million-dollar problems. If you want to make little money, go solve thousand dollar problems. This is million-dollar problems. Which is why if you learn the skill set, which you're here to do, very very val how you have the ability to help a lot of people. I had to learn that. So then fast forward, I come home from this conference and I'm all energized. So then the first thing I do is I get online and I go to kxy.com. That's what I was told to do. Okay? And I started searching for markets and I did some data analysis on areas that I thought were good markets. I didn't have AI chat GPT now that would like literally giving me everything. But I had to go on there and learn and I found out that there's a cool place called Kansas City, Missouri. And I didn't know anything about Kansas City, but I had a broker friend in in the residential space that was there. So, I picked up my phone and I called and I chatted with him and he says, "Yeah, you got to check out Kansas City. There's a lot of cool things going on." A lot of cool things going on. So then I went on to Craigslist and I started looking in Kansas City and I found three properties and I found three brokers and then I called them too and I had conversations with them about their listings on Kraxy and I said, "Hey, I'm looking at XYZ property. Seems pretty interesting. I'm going to be out there in a week. I'd like to meet you and take a tour of the property." They threw a couple questions back at me of which I probably fumbled through them. I have no idea. But somehow I got the tour. So then I take a plane flight out to Kansas City in January of 2019. It was neg3°. Okay. I have never felt negative weather in my entire life. That was cold. Like that was really, really cold. And that was the same weekend that the Patriots were playing the Kansas City Chiefs in the AFC title game, which was great because I'm a Patriot fan, but I I froze my ass off. Okay, I'd never felt anything like that coming from San Diego in my entire life. Like, that was some cold ass weather. But nonetheless, I toured three properties, met three brokers, three PM companies, and three renovation crews. I mean, this is it. properties, brokers, uh, PM companies, rena, and now I had my team set. And this all happened, you notice a lot of, this happened in three days. You notice a lot of threes going on here. Okay, so that was three days. So then I fly back home to San Diego and now I'm really looking online. So now I'm like all over the place. And then those brokers I met because I made a little bit of a relationship, they start sending me emails, right? And those were offmarket pre-market deals and they started to make sense because I was analyzing them. analyze, analyze, find, analyze, find, analyze, and then they made some sense. So then what I did is I went and I put together an LOI, a letter of intent that I'd like to buy them. And I emailed that over to the brokers. Some of them went somewhere, some of them didn't. But then finally, I got a 27 unit and they said, "Hey, you're one of two offers that are left on the table. We're going to take you to a best and final." So then we went another week and we pre presented a little bit better offer. And then I literally got an email and a call one afternoon that they were going to accept it. Then I hyperventilated because I was like, "Wait, what?" Like, like, um, you're going to accept our offer? Like, I now have to come up with money and figure this whole thing out. Cuz I didn't even know how to raise money at this point. I just now had a deal, right? Because remember, it follows this track. Deal. debt, equity in that order. You can't get debt without a deal. You can't get equity without a deal. This deal has to make sense. 14 to 20% return. Remember, 14 to 20% return on your money on the deal analyzers, 6 to 10% cash on cash, 1.8x or more on your equity multiple. Those are the things that are in all the videos. We talk about them left and right. That's a good deal because that deal will attract the debt. That deal will attract the equity. Raising the money is not hard when your deal's good. Raising money is really hard when your deal sucks. It's real simple math. Okay? If your deal's good, debt, equity, boom. Deal sucks, debt, equity, no. It's that. So, the deal made great sense. 18 plus percent annual return on our money. Great returns. Projected returns were awesome. I went ahead and put it in. We got the money. The loan. Boom. They're like, "Yeah, the deal looks great. We're going to go through the fundamentals." Awesome. Here's your loan. Millions uh million7 on the loan. I'd never taken a million7 loan down. I hyperventilated in that one, too. But million7 because the deal made great sense. Then now we had to raise $898,000. Okay, I had never raised a nickel in my entire life and now I had to go raise 900 grand. Now, keep in mind, we brought in 75 of this. Okay, this was my money in it was 800 and I think 23,000 was from investors. This was five people. Raised that money with five people and I did it in about 14 days. How did I do that? Remember how you raise money? Deal pitch deck reprocess process. So if you have a good deal and you have a pitch deck to describe it and you have a process to bring money in when people say, "Yes, I'd like to throw it at your front window." The money comes. The money comes. Any specific questions about what I've shown you so far. I'm kind of going through this because this is literally the process that every single one will go through. Every single one. The journey is all going to be the same. and everybody that's already gotten your deals and you're on your second, your third, and your fourth, you know, exactly this process. You've already been through it, right, in different ways, but you're going to be you're going to be hanging out in this phase for a while until you actually write enough LOIs. And don't worry about the keep in mind, the deal is not going to make sense on Krexy. That's the whole point. But you will write an LOI on numbers that do make sense, right? So, you find, analyze, find out where the numbers make sense, submit the LOI, even if it's $14 million under the asking price. It's not the point. The point is you're going to build a relationship with the broker because when that deal does not make sense, yes, Mr. Broker, I understand we're probably too far apart. I get it. I'm sure you have other deals you may be working on. We're going to buy in your market. I would love to buy through you. So, if you can send me some pre-market other deals, maybe you're working on something will make sense. We're going to go. This one may not. Unfortunately, it's just too far off. I'd love it to, but it looks like it may not work right now. Next go. And so, that's the process. But, you got to write the LOI. You got to find, analyze, LOI, find, analyze, LOI, find, analyze, LOI, find, analyze, LOI. Cycle, cycle, cycle, cycle, cycle. You may have to go through 20 or 30 properties to get your one. And then once you actually execute, now you're going to go into the closing and and escrow and finance part. And that's when things get real real. And that's kind of where we're going to hold your hand even closer than we do here because that's where you're going to like literally hyperventilate like I did. Like when they sent over the LOI that was signed and then we were going to go into contract. I mean, I puckered up. I'm not going to I'm not going to lie. Because that was the first time I'd ever been a part of. I'm like, "Holy shit." Like this is real. Like I'm about to buy a 27 unit apartment building for $2.2 million. Like I don't even know what to do now. Clearly, but I I I believed in myself, right? And I had started to be mentored at this time, right? So I had the mentorship going for myself. So I had some confidence that I could rely on, but I had never raised money. I'd never done syndications. I'd never done SEC securities attorneys. I'd never done any of that stuff. So I had to learn on the go. You're getting to learn in advance. That's the good news. And you have access to all of the stuff and the tools in advance. So now it's a matter of you just got to execute. Okay? You got to execute. Um going through some of your questions in here. Do you need to show the investor's funds before going into contract? No. No. So here's how it goes. Akis, uh they're going to ask you as I keep going down all the stuff here. uh when you're getting to the place of because a lot of these questions will come up in advance like the broker is going to talk to you before they actually execute your LOI. Okay, they will ask for this. They'll say lending, right? Your financing, but that's going to be on your LOI, right? And you'll have a lender letter, which is why part of the process when you're going in is feel free to reach out to the lenders that are in your back end of the system in your mentorship. It'll say submit deal here for review. You're going to see the three lenders in there that you can go through. They're in our vendors and systems download as well. You can reach out to them, have pre-con conversations. Let them know, hey, I'm looking for 10 to 30 unit apartment buildings in Oklahoma. And so, probably the financing is going to come around a million dollars on these deals or wherever it is, right? You just give them a general idea and say, "Hey, I'm, you know, in my process of writing letters of intent, LOIs. They're asking for like a some sort of a baseline pre not a pre-quall but just kind of a lender quote on our financing. Can you give me a general quote for financing on say a $1.5 million apartment deal based on 70% loan to value on that type of a deal? So that way I can use that in addition to hey my 10%. Because what you're going to show them is a lending letter. Okay? So that takes care of 70% of the money, right? So now you got another 30% of the money that has to come in. That's your equity of which you're bringing in 10% of it. And then all you say is, "Hey, Mr. Broker, we syndicate our equity. We bring in about 10 to 20% of it. The rest of it comes from our investment partners of which we work with currently and that's where you leave it and you don't have to show that. Like I mean they may try and get you to show that. You just say listen and I can't go raise the money. We have our partners but I can't go raise the money until I have a deal to go show them. Right? I mean that's how that game works. But yes, do I have some soft commitments from people that will invest with me if I have a deal? Yes, I do. But once I have the deal and now I can go raise this money. Once again, this is why we don't have you go after big deals to start, right? You're not even I mean, you're not even going to have to raise the money as much as I'm have to raise. You're not raising that. That was my first deal. Your deals are probably going to be somewhere in the $4 to $600,000 range, right? this 90% is going to be somewhere between this probably somewhere in there. So, it's not it's not a like a crazy treacherous amount amount of money. And what's going to happen in this, just so you know how that's going to break down is you're probably going to have somewhere between five to eight investors that are going to raise that money. Okay? And this is how it's going to go. Your first one's going to be like a $25,000 person because your min your minimum investment on this your all of your first deals your minimum investment is 25 grand. 25 grand. 25 grand. So it's very bite-sizable. You'll have an investor here for 25. You'll have one come in for 50. Then all of a sudden you're going to get big kahuna come in for 150. And then you'll even get somebody at 200. And then you'll get like another 50. and you'll be done likely. That's how it's going to go down is you'll have a couple small people, then you'll have a couple big kahunas, and then they're going to take the deal down for you. Okay? That's how it's going to go down for that. And that's how you'll raise the money. And then the process for bringing that in is the uh SEC security stuff through syndication, right? That's where we keep talking about syndication. You have that in your back end where we break that down. You have all the documents. you have the vendors to actually reach out to for our attorneys that can help you out with that and they can kind of preset everything for you end to end. Um, uh, Jill, you'd asked a question, how long do you put in the LOI? What do you mean how long do you put in the LOI for Oh, for raising capital. Gotcha. Well, you'll see in the templates in your back end, and we've gone through this, but just kind of explain it further, is uh it'll typically be a 60-day escrow, 30-day due diligence, 30-day due diligence, which includes financial inspections, physical inspections, and raising money. Okay? Uh you could have a 45day financing contingency in there as well. Sometimes, not often, but sometimes you can have that in there. You can also have a 30-day extension beyond that. So, your typical escrow, and you'll see that on the LOI template, it's kind of preset up for you, is you'll have a 60-day escrow. First 30 days of that is your DD period, due diligence, okay? And then you have 30 days beyond that to close. You can also have one 30-day extension. So, total of 90 days. It just kind of depends. But your escros on average are going to be somewhere like between 45 to 60 days for you since you're brand new. You just need to find the deal that's going to be 60 days or so for you to give you the time. I don't recommend that. I think that's going to be a bit too fast for you. with 60 days with a 30-day extension option option, but look into that LOI template in your back end. It kind of breaks it down for you. And then I have videos on it that I go through that LOI with you to show you how to write it up and then so forth. And plus, you can send those in the back end of the system to the support email. And we will review those the same way we review the financials for you, too. Okay? It's all in there in the got to get the links in the mentorship tile. It's all in there. Yeah. Um Bruce, you'd ask regarding the proof of funds question from brokers. Aren't they aware of how the money to purchase works? Uh what are they looking for when they ask uh that question? Yes, they are aware of that. Which is why you can bring that up to them, Bruce, about syndication because any commercial broker, they know what syndication is. And if they don't, they should fire themselves. Like literally, they should like quit and go fire themselves because they suck. Like, there's not a commercial broker on planet earth that knows what the hell they're doing that doesn't know what syndication is. And if they don't, and they're like, I don't like you need to quit immediately, like now. Like, not tomorrow. Now, because that's baloney. So, just so you know, yes, you say, listen, we have our lender letter I can send over to you. We typically get 70% financing on our deals. We bring in the rest through equity. I bring in 10% of that as the general partner on the deal. And then we syndicate the remaining equity with our investment partners. Once again, watch the video that I just shared with you that shows the questions the brokers are going to ask and how you're going to respond. Literally, how you're going to respond because that is very, very tactful and it'll walk you through the entire thing. Entire thing. Um, what is the exact process uh of collecting LP funds? Great. Good question, John. So, let's go through that. Let's go through the equity uh process. Okay, this will actually be a great stepping here. So, let's paint the picture for a moment. You have a deal. You have you're you're you're literally in the process where they're going to sign the letter of intent and then you are literally going to have a deal. So, that's kind of right at that point where they're getting ready to sign your LOI and they're told you we're going to go ahead and sign and all that stuff's happening right at that point before you enter escrow. This is where this process will begin. Number one, pitch deck prep. Pitch deck prep. There's a video in the back end of your portal in your mentorship that literally has me walking through the pitch deck and I complete the entire thing right in front of your face. Exactly where to get the information, where to pull it from, how to put it in there, what to write in there. All of that stuff is right there. Watch that video. It's a very good video. It's a literally show and tell. All right. So, once you have that pitch deck prepped, an email and a video are going to be prepared by you that's going to then circulate with anybody that you may or may not know. Okay. So, what I'd mentioned before, some of the things you can be doing right now in the process of while you're looking and finding deals and writing offers, looking and finding deals and writing offers is you get what's called soft commitments. Anybody and everybody you talk to, I don't care if it's at a backyard barbecue since it's springtime going into summer or if you're anywhere around, people ask you, "Hey, how are things going?" Don't be a silent investor, right? You have to say, tell people what you're doing and let them know. They're going to be super excited about it because obviously say, "Yeah, things are going well, man, but I'm actually, you know, we're buying some apartment complex and we're renovating them with a with investors around the country and watch the look on their face." Literally, watch the look on their face. It's going to be awesome because they're going to be like, "Look at you." Like, "Wait, wait, wait like what do you mean? Like, tell me about this apartment thing." Yeah, we're we're buying little 10 to 30 unit apartment buildings and we're rening them with investors around the country. Well, like are you doing have you do you have any deals right now? No, we're looking for them currently, but we're in the process of that. But yeah, we have a whole team built together. We're putting them together. We're going to buy some apartment buildings. Oh, that's pretty cool. Like like how do the returns work on those things? Typically 14 to 14 to 20% a year on your money is what you get. What's the min what does it take to get involved? 25 grand is the minimum investment. Wow. Okay. Like, do you have something you can show me? I can send you over a pitch deck. Sure, I can send you over a pitch deck. Because what you can do is you can do a dummy pitch deck, right? You can almost use the template one and just dummy it up as though it's a real deal. Like almost create a mock. So that way you almost have like a mock pitch deck that you could send to any prospective person. We could say, "Hey, here's the typical deal that we do." And all you're doing with that process is getting what's called a soft commitment from them. Getting them to say, "Yeah, John, when you have a deal, send it over to me. I'd love to take a look. I may know some people." That's all you're doing. So then they go into your CRM system that we give you, by the way. So, you know, you can set them up inside of that CRM or you can have a separate one, whichever you want. But that's why we created that business in a box for you because inside of there you have a CRM that you can add people to and then when you have a deal right now the pitch deck gets prepped an email and a video get ready to go and you're going to email it out to those line of people in your database and then you're going to follow up with a text and a phone call. And the way you prep that email, okay, is you pull the sale away? You don't say, "Hey, are you interested in investing in this deal?" You say, "Hey, I have this deal that we're doing. Who do you know that may have some interest? Here's the pitch deck that breaks it all down for you. You put a little summary on it, like literally returns, minimum investment, when you get your money back, bullet point, and then they're going to respond to that. They're going to say, "Well, I don't know anybody offh hand, but I may be in. Why aren't you asking me? You asked who do I know, but dude, maybe I'm interested." You create FOMO. Like, you literally create FOMO. Pull the sale away because then they're going to be like, "Wait a minute. Like, why isn't he asking me? He's asking me who I know, but why isn't he asking me? Does he think I don't have any money? Or whatever. The whole point is create FOMO and not ask them. You ask who do they know? And then they're going to say, "Yeah, I have John over here, but I may know Sally over here. I'll send it out, but I'm interested in this deal. Like, what's the minimum again? $25,000 minimum investment. What are the returns?" Well, let's walk through that. It's in your pitch deck. And you could literally walk through that with them. A lot of the stuff is in your backend videos. Uh if there's any videos that you would like us that to add into there, please let us know because we'll walk through there and add some more showand tell videos that could be helpful. But that's the initial process, right? And then you're going to have responses that people are going to respond back to you. That's basically them raising their hand. And then you're going to have phone calls with them and you're going to talk about the deal. Now, the pitch deck is going to do 95% of the talking for you, but sure, you need to know about your deal so that way you can answer a few questions. Okay? So, that's all in there, too. And some of that video stuff's in there as well. So, that's that one. Now, let's say, hey, I'm ready to invest. Well, that's where the documents come in. The legal documents need to be prepped as part of the process when you're going through this, right? So, it's all kind of in this whole thing that happens is your legal documents. And when they say, "Yeah, I'm ready to go." Well, these legal documents get signed and then the wire of the money comes in. So obviously in that process, you know, kind of in this kind of initial setup is sure you're going to have like in all of this your LLC for the property and you're going to have the bank account for the property the property. Okay? So that way the legal LLC is set up with your documents and the bank account for the property set up for the property and then you they can wire the money right in here and then the LLC allows the documents to happen and now officially you have money and you have legality and everything's good to go and let's go. Okay, but that is essentially your process of the money flow. Does that help answer your question, John? Uh, Cristiano, yes, your IRRa stands for internal rate of return. Internal rate of return. It's a combination of the cash flows that you're getting and the appreciation of the property. It's a combination, correct? Um the appreciation is easily predictable because what you're doing is you're using in your and it's in your deal analyzer. You have to make some assumptions assuming that rents will grow at a couple percent per year and then you assume what the cap rate may or may not be down the road when you sell. And that's all in there. I mean, you have to make assumptions. That's the only way real estate ever gets done is you make some assumptions that are reasonable, right? You're not speculating crazy. you speculate conservatively and then that allows that to happen. So a combination of cash flow plus appreciation will bring you your IRRa or ARR annual rate of return which is also known as IRR in internal rate of return. The only differences in them is what's called velocity of money but we won't get into too many tax here. Um had asked in a 32 unit deal in California 40% down which says call him when I get good deal for bigger. Okay. um a 40unit deal in California, Goofron or 32 unit, sorry, 32 unit. Um that's why you don't buy in California, okay? It's too much money. Remember, as we said before, this is why you buy in areas where you can buy units between $50,000 and $150,000 per unit. That's what you're looking for. That's why you're looking for deals $50 to $150,000 per unit. Which is why when you look at the United States of America There you go. That's where you'll find it. Uh I have a friend, it's Joe. Joe said, "I have a I have a friend who owns a few duplexes and he said call him when I get a good deal for a bit bigger." So it's soft commitment. Yes. So Joe, he goes right into your database. CRM information's there. You're ready to go. So, you have your soft commitment list from potential investors. Everybody knows somebody that knows somebody that knows somebody that knows somebody. I don't care if they I mean, I'm not kidding. And and this is going to sound bad, but if if they are a homeless person on the side of the street, okay, they know people who are not homeless. They know somebody. I mean, I'm being facitious here, but you get the point. People know people that know people that know people somewhere somehow. So what you do is you don't ask them. You don't ask them if they want to do the deal. You ask who do you know? I'm going to send because you have to kind of act as if okay I got the deal. I'm moving to close. Who do you know that may have some money that may want to invest in this? I'm not asking you. So you're creating a FOMO effect, right? And then they're going to respond to you. Yeah, this is cool. I'm going to look at the pitch deck. It's going to go through all the questions. You follow up with them. Hey, who do you know? Who do you know? and they're going to say, "Well, yeah, I mean, I know one other person, but I may actually want to invest. I looked at this thing. It looks pretty cool. Tell me more about it." Right? And you're going to go through the pitch deck, and they're going to it's going to answer 90% of the questions for them. And then you can jump on a quick phone call to go through the other 5 to 10%. To get them comfortable, right? And that's the entire process you're going through. Um, correct? So, price trends, uh, you know, here's the cool thing, Cristiano, about commercial real estate. Yes, historical price trends are fine, but this is not residential real estate. It's not comparables. I'm not comparing, you know, this 10-unit complex to the next 10-unit complex, right? It's not, it's not a comparable model. You're using the Remember, there's two ways to appraise a property. There's the comparable approach, which is residential real estate. There's the income approach, which is commercial real estate. Then there's the cost approach, which is typically new construction replacement cost, right? So, you're using the income approach when you're evaluating the value of the property. And any appraiser or anybody in the commercial field is going to do the exact same thing. That's just how the world works. So, it's not a comparable approach because you could literally have two buildings the they're literally identical buildings side by side, same neighborhood, same everything. identical. One is operating with a higher NOI than the next one. The one operating with a higher net operating income is worth more than the one next door. Period. Period. Because the financials are better. It's an income approach. Um yeah, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Pennsylvania are all good. All good. These are all good. But that's pretty much where you're going to find your best deals in the United States of America, you know, and I mean when this is kind of coastal, so you got Arizona, Nevada, you know, so I wrote you could probably squeeze it out a little bit farther, but that's pretty much it. You know, it makes it tough here and it makes it tough in the upper here. It's not because they're like bad places to invest, per se. the landlord tenant laws are tougher for you and the cost per unit, which means the more money you need to get in it is higher. That's what makes it tougher on your first few because remember the entire plan of what we're trying to do here is you're trying to get into your first 10 to 30 unit apartment deal with limited out-of- pocket capital, ideally less than 50,000 bucks out of your pocket. Okay? That's why you need to focus here. Otherwise, you're going to need to come out of pocket a lot more money. Right? Because I mean technically San Diego is a great place to invest. It's been a great place for years to invest. The challenge is you're not really buying for cash flow. You're buying for appreciation. That's why you buy in SoCal. You're buying to preserve wealth, not necessarily create it. So a lot of people will come into SoCal, specifically San Diego, which is a hyper tight market, mainly because they're avoiding taxes. They're preserving money. They're not necessarily growing it, right? They're just preserving it to avoid taxes. That's why they do it. Um Ernest Knight, a couple more questions here. Um awesome. Um Ernest had asked, "Each property each property would be set up in a new LLC with my current LLC as the holding company." Correct. Do the property LLC's need to be set up in the state of the purchase? Yes. Yes. Okay. So, from a structural standpoint, this is how the game works. And then we'll finish off on this because we got about 5 minutes left. Okay. So, you have, let's presume you have a new deal. You got the property LLC. Structurally, it's going to look like this. General partner, limited partner, let's call this 70% and 30%. Your holding company is going to have the 30% ownership in the property. The LPS will have 70% ownership in the property LLC. This will be in the state of the property of the property location. This could be wherever you want it to be, but ideally Wyoming or Delaware. Okay? But if you have another one, wholly fine. Ours is a California one because we set it up many many many years ago. But knowing what I know now, I'd go into Wyoming. Okay? So that's that structure. Basically simple structure. Okay. Um, and then yeah, Mac, we probably won't have enough time to go through that today on on your deal that you have all that a little bit of chaos on. Um, but we can chat separately on that. Yeah, just to kind of get an update. Uh, Akus, uh, snow areas are intimidating for me since I don't understand the cost for that. Um, would you say stay away from how? No, no, snow areas are okay. Um, just know that yes, I mean you'll probably during the snow seasons, call it November through probably February, March, right? About a fivemon window there, you're going to have, depending on the size of the property, but on average for the ones you're talking about, a few hundred a month in in snow removal in in salt salt and snow removal um will go down. So, it's not like substantial, you know, it ranges between probably three to 500 bucks a month in snow removal. Most of the properties that are built in those areas are built for that weather. They are built for the weather. The only state that's not built for the cold is Texas because it's cra I mean, they get super hot, super cold, super hot, super cold. But the cold only comes in in like small windows, like a few days. But when it gets cold, it can get down to like the teens or even in the single digits sometimes. And they just didn't design the buildings in Texas for that cold. So that's why stuff starts popping all over the place. Anything north of Texas, they've they've weathered it. You know, Oklahoma all the way up through the middle part of the country, any of those states, they've built the properties designed for the weather. So very very very common. So I wouldn't be scared of it. You just need to make sure you're in a good state um that has good little landlord tenant laws and the whole thing of growth, population, and median household income from a growth standpoint. Okay. Um [Music] uh good. I'm just going through these questions here. Uh, Don had asked, "If escrow doesn't go through, do I lose any money?" Uh, no and yes, depends. So, when you go into escrow, you're typically going to have a 30-day DD period, due diligence. This is when you are refundable. Okay? If you don't get an extension on that, if you go beyond the 30 days, then it becomes non-refundable. And what's non-refundable? It's just the deposit money. Okay? And then any money you may have put in for inspections. Oops. So that would be the only money once that happens that would be non-refundable beyond the 30 days. But all the way up until that and don't ever at this point in the in the in the market having money go hard day one to get a deal. That was up until 2023. Those days are gone. any broker that wants to try and you know pivot you into that. No, the answer is absolutely not. We're not in that market hobo that those days have sailed. So nowadays you're not you having money go hard to just get a contract that no. And if that is the case, it's not the right deal for you and you need to move on because at this day you need to do proper inspections, proper financials. You got to look at things. You need the 30 days to really dig in and understand that process. Understand that process. And that's why we have the due diligence checklist for you in the back end. We have plenty of videos on the closing process in your back end that you can watch that are literally me walking through what you should be looking for and the process to expect as you're going through the closing and then all of the documents and all that stuff too. So, it's all pretty comprehensive, but you do have to go look at that stuff in your master class in the back end in the mentorship tile. Okay. Um, and then you can ask a lot of questions. So, keep in mind, I can tell you this, every single person that's gone through a closing has personally texted and emailed me because you have my personal cell phone number and my phone and my email. So, when that closing starts to happen, I get a lot of personal text messages. That's why we did it because that's kind of when the hair on the back of your neck starts to stand up. Okay. So, just understand that once you actually get an executed deal, that's like I said, I hyperventilated the first time like it happened because I'm like, "Oh god, this is like real real now." Like, I'm actually I got a deal. Like, what am I going to do? Right? And I didn't have all of this stuff we're going through now. I had to kind of learn it on the go. I had some mentorship that I was doing, but not like this. So, once again, you have personal access to me to text and emails. You're going through the deal because you're going to have a lot and you're going to hyperventilate. And just know that that's okay. It's totally normal. Totally normal. Okay. Um, so yeah, beautiful. All right, everybody. I know this was a lot uh but we will get this up in your portal to rewatch back for it because I think this was like a really cool one to kind of just walk through the different steps. Right. coming through this entire process everything that I went through right finding analyzing LOI right that's the first step and until you get past this one you don't go anywhere and then you get into the finance and capital and closing process and then the management but right but how do you actually break that down and go through this so you can kind of know really all the different steps you're going to go through and going through this entire kind of A to Z on the deal and then getting to the point of raising money and the finance, the capital to the closing process and how that's all going to get down. Um, but it's all there. It is all there. Um, cool. Beautiful. All right, we are right on time. So, I appreciate everybody coming in and once again, we will get this recorded. If you want to rewatch it back up in your portal, give it a few days and then they should have it up in there for you. So, um, cool. Hello everybody. Have a wonderful rest of your Thursday. Any questions, send them into us in the system. And once again, let's go find deals. Let's go find deals. But you have to go through that process and cycle, cycle, cycle. And a lot of them to get that one that's going to stick. Okay? That's just the process of going through it. So cool. All right, everybody. Take care. Have a wonderful Thursday.