Hello, hello, hello. Come on in. Good morning or almost afternoon for some of you. Uh, chime on in. We'll get everything going here in just a moment. Uh, let's make sure the chat's opened up. Got everybody coming in there. Hello. Hello. Um, I'll make sure you guys can hear me. Okay, perfect. So, we're kind of coming on in. Get everything going here. Everything going. Stand by. Cool. Cool. Cool. See Bruce in here. Cristiano, David, Gideon, good to see you, Joe. John. Uh, John, we're actually going to go over one of your deals. So, I'm going to pop it into the deal analyzer. It looks like you're still using the old deal analyzer on the one that you'd sent in. So, so just so you know that. Um, and then I see Julian in here as well. Michael, I see you in just came in. Perfect. Uh, Relle and Tony. Awesome. And Twilight. Perfect. All right, let's uh get things underway. Okay, we're in the studio this morning. Is the lighting okay? And I think the audio is okay. So, yep. Looks like we got all that. We're fine there. I'm going to pull up a couple things and we'll kind of get things going. Today, what we're going to go over, just so you know, is I'm going to take uh one of your guys' deals. Uh I'm going to go ahead and throw it into the deal analyzer. Uh one of them's already in there, so we'll look at that. Um, but then, uh, I'll put it into the the newer version one that's in there. We'll go through that. Um, and then, uh, I know Michael has his pitch deck because we talked about on Tuesday that he'll be talking about his pitch deck and pulling that up on his deal that he has right now, a 30 unit, uh, that is in Louisville, Kentucky. Louisville, Kentucky. So, we'll go through that and kind of show you, you know, really in this in the different stages of buying apartments, right? because I kind of keep going back to these stages here because this is really it. And ultimately, you know, in the beginning, you know, where you're at versus, oh, you know, when you get going and the deals actually start to pop, you know, where you go. So, right now, some of you are in the finding part and you're analyzing and then you're writing letters of intent, you know, offers, and that's pretty much the cycle in the very beginning. And you're getting the back-end admin, your website, all of that stuff set up. You're following that 90-day action plan and guide. And that's kind of the first phase is finding, analyzing, writing offers, finding, analyzing, writing offers. And then the next stage comes where one starts to pop. And that's where several of you are in as well. So now you go, oh gosh, the deal is actually real. And now we're going to go into contract. And so that's where you get into this kind of phase two where okay, now we got to worry about the money, raising it, putting it together, structuring it, the loan, all those other things, the financing and capital side, and then closing on it, which is the inspections, the due diligence, all that stuff that happens during a closing phase to make sure that you're doing it correctly. legally, financially, inspections, all of that stuff to close on this property the right way and avoid a money pit. And that's kind of where the real game begins because here it's all getting the deal. Here it's closing the deal. And then once you've closed it, you're going to move into making sure that the management company and everybody is doing their jobs. And that's the post-close management phase of buying apartments. But that's kind of where we're at. So, what we're going to do is we're going to talk about a deal here and then we're going to talk about a deal here today with Michael and then John. So, John, we're going to talk about his deal where he's analyzing it and writing offers and then the financing and closing part with Michael on his pitch deck because part of raising money is you have to let people know about it. [laughter] And part of letting people know about it is you have to have a nice organized, you know, I call it a pitch deck. You can call it a, you know, listing piece or whatever it is you want to call it. That's going to let any potential person know, hey, if I give you 25 grand, if I give you 50,000, if I give you a h 100,000, what do I get for that? And when do I get it back and how does it all work and what does the property look like? So, that's what the pitch deck does. It's going to answer 90% of the questions and that's why it's there. So, we'll go through that. Uh, perfect. So, let's do this. Um to start, John, I'm going to bring up your deal. And this is the one on uh Dakota the Prairie 509 and 510 uh 5th in South Dakota. So I'm going to share on the screen kind of the deal and then that way everybody can kind of see it and then we'll walk through the numbers. So this is something that uh John got from NA NI in Sou Falls. Um and he's analyzing it, putting it together. But this is the broker's OM. This is like the broker's pitch deck, right? So when you see OM offering memorandum, all that means, hey, this is the broker's listing document that's giving you all the information on the property as best as possible. And keep in mind, a lot of times that the brokers fluff these up. It's designed to do that. they're selling property. They're not going to show it in the worst light. They're going to show it in the best possible light. So, you take these numbers for what they are. You will plug these numbers into the analyzers and stuff. And then you're going to work your way backwards to where it actually makes sense, knowing full well that this OM that they're giving you and the financials on this are worth the paper that they're not even on. Right? This is digital. But you get the point. You go into it trusting and verifying. trusting and verifying because the brokers are going to give you some information, but you're going to do a better analyzation and that's kind of where becoming a good investor is all about. So, let's kind of go and walk through this. So, they're asking I don't know why they have sales price in here. Is this uh asking price, but it should be asking price uh price per unit. And then John, I'll bring you up here in just a second, too, so that way you can walk through it. Are you okay coming on? Yeah, just chime in in the chat and I'll bring you on and that way we can talk through this thing as well if you have interest. Uh, but this the purchase price on it, current net operating income annually is here. Okay, so based on that, just so you understand how they're getting to that cap rate, right? You see this cap rate right here, 6.32%. 6.32%. Just so you know, let me get rid of all this stuff real quick. Okay, so the formulas run like this. Let me stop sharing so you can see the screen here. Okay, so the value of a building equals the net operating income over the cap rate. That is the formula for the value of a building. So this is not a, hey, do I feel good today? The building looks like it compares to the one next door, therefore it should be worth X. That's the comparable approach. That does not work in commercial property, i.e. multif family. It's all about the income approach. So the income approach is based on this formula and just like basic algebra that we learned in middle school I think middle school uh if you have two of the three parts you can figure out the third okay if you have two of the three parts you can figure out the third so they're telling you in this case a million450 that's what they're asking equals the net operating income which is 84,000 and what do they have 84,150 53 over. Now, they're giving you the cap rate of 6.32%. Right? That's the cap rate they're giving you. So, let's do that math real quick. If I were to take 84,000 153 divided by 0632, I don't know how they're getting that because that does not equal that. But this is why you look at it just for fun. So 84,153 84,153 divided by 0632%. Gets me a million 330. Why is that? That doesn't make any sense. 84,153. That's not per month, is it? No, that doesn't make sense. Divided by 0 uh 06. Yeah, 1 million 331, not 1 million450. So that's interesting. So, you know, definitely check that because that doesn't really make a lot of sense. Um because yeah based on this numbers that they're giving me that should equal okay based on that their asking price is a million450 which doesn't equal that math but I'm curious as to how they're coming up with that but that's how it would be done. So, what typically what we do is this. If that is truly the NOI, right? If you're trying to figure out, you know, what this property should be worth, okay? And if they're giving you an asking price, so in this case, they're giving me an asking price of a,450. That's what they're asking. And I'll bring you on, John, right now. Um, allow you to talk there. Cool. So, that should bring you on. &gt;&gt; You here now? &gt;&gt; Yep. I got you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they he told me that he was they want to get I mean, talking to the broker, it's kind of about a million 250. Um, we can also he said if the million50 that I submitted to you and he he's talking about the owner would carry a couple hundred thousand at about 5 and a half%. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; So yeah, because if we know that the purchase price is that then yeah, then that's really a 5.8 cap, right? Based on these numbers, right? I take 84,153 basic algebra divided by the million450 that they're asking really gives me a cap rate of 5.8%. That's what that gives me. Okay. So what you're saying is they would take less. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Okay. So then now if you're finding out Okay. Well, they're saying what are you thinking like a million one or a million50 or what are you thinking? uh around a million a million50 and then like I said they on top of that they would but they want to add the the owner would carry another 200,000 addition of that. I still think that's probably a little high but that's where they're at right now. &gt;&gt; But what's the price? So the price is a million50 not a million250. &gt;&gt; The price itself is a million250 is what they want. Yes. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. So that's really what they're talking about. Not a million50. Correct. 250. Okay. So, based on that, so now we're at a 6.7 cap. Okay. So, that's what that equals under that algebra. So, with that math, it's just comes down to, you know, does that start to make sense, right? And so this is kind of where we back into the numbers and find out like what kind of return does it really give? And then your job is to verify that number, right? Your job is to verify that is this an actual NOI &gt;&gt; or is that just fluff and pie in the sky? Okay. And that's kind of where the deal analyzers come in because if you're trying to establish a value, right, they're giving you what they would like. So, all I'm doing to figure out what the cap rate is, like you said, is I know this, right? They're telling me they want a million250. That's what they want. And if I run that math, it gives me a 6.7 cap cap rate. And then what we're going to find out is does that math right? Get us the metrics, right, of that 15% IRRa? Does it get us the metric of a 1.8 plus on the equity multiple? Does it get us a 6 to 10% cash on cash return? Because those are our three metrics that we're going to follow on that deal analyzer, right? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So, that's kind of the whole math that I'm trying to go into. Okay, great. You want a million 250 that equals a 6.7 cap rate. Awesome. But now I need to see does it really meet my metrics of my buy box to where I would actually go buy this thing because it would make sense for me and my investors to come in and invest in this thing. &gt;&gt; Perfect. &gt;&gt; And that's the whole concept of what you're trying to do. &gt;&gt; Which is why it's it's cute when they say, "Hey, I want X." Awesome. But for us to actually entice anybody into the deal to come in with us, including ourselves, like why would I waste my time if it doesn't meet basic metrics? For us to do that, it's got to meet X. And so we're going to back into the numbers that actually makes X. And that's it. And that's it. So let's go ahead and do that right now. So I'll pull up your OM or I'm sorry, your deal analyzer that you did it just because it's there. And I think that should be that should suffice for like now. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; I thought I had the new one, but I must have grabbed the wrong file when I did it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, and it's fine. We'll just kind of roll through this real quick so everybody can see it. Um and I'll share this with everybody on the screen. All right. And let me zoom in a little bit so everybody can see that. Yep, we got it at 150. I think everybody can see that pretty good. Awesome. Okay. So, you have it in here. So, this should really be a million250 because that's really what they're talking about. Okay. That's that's the price. Now, how we finance it, meaning with seller financing and other things, we'll figure that out. Okay. &gt;&gt; So, and um we'll presume 30% down here for simple math. It's a 16 unit property, correct? &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Okay. Repair budget. So, it's pretty well renovated. Uh, mostly. Yeah, I think it's decent. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you're going to just put in 50k is kind of to have it in a capital account for you. Have some running capital in a capital account to fix something because there's going to be fixes. Okay. And to give yourself some capital so you're not under capitalized on the deal. Okay. 1986 property. Great. Lot size. Fine. Um, do you don't want any more closing costs in there because that's probably not going to be enough. &gt;&gt; Well, I tell you what happened. I did it originally and then I uh didn't get it saved and then I when I went back and did it again, I forgot to change it to five or six. So yeah, rule number one, you never want to be under capitalized on your deals. I've made that mistake trying to just make the thing squeeze and then you'll kick you'll kick yourself and then you know what later. So, let's make sure we're properly capitalized so we can actually make this thing run because the last thing you ever want to do, and I've had to do it, is go back to the investors for what's called a capital call later because you under capitalized it going in. If you're going to get the money, get it now, right? Get it now. Uh it's really, really, really critical. Um I've learned that lesson the hard way. So, down here, so you got a 6.5% interest rate. Now, uh, you know, we'll talk about how we're seller financing it and stuff like that. Uh, but for now, you know, we'll leave it as such. So, that do you have any general terms on how the seller would finance it? &gt;&gt; I he acted like it'd be in that couple hundred,000 range for a couple years interest only at like five and a half%. &gt;&gt; Okay, that's good. Yeah. So, we would break that out a little bit for the for the simplicity of this. Um, we're going to do it two ways because I think you'll get interest only for a couple years anyways on the deal. So, we'll start off the numbers using our interestonly payment here and then I'm going to give you a blended rate of say 6.25%. &gt;&gt; Okay? Because between your first trusted, which will probably be about six to six and a half because it's a small balance loan, right? Because you if he's going to if if this here is 875 loan on a million250 property after you're putting 30% down, okay, if he's going to finance 200 of that, then you're still financing 675,000. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, with that 675, that's a low balance loan, right? You're going to get it from a local commercial bank right there in South Dakota. And they're going to charge you probably 6 and a half%. For that, so they're 6 and a half or so, he's 52. The blended rate between them probably 6 and a quarter. So, we'll just use that. &gt;&gt; Can you use like that? So, the if they're going to finance $200,000, can you use that as part of your down payment or would that be a bad idea? &gt;&gt; Uh, it's if he he's going to just be keeping the money in there. So it technically is part of your down payment. Uh but he I mean depending on how the bank wants to look at it. &gt;&gt; So it's it's equity, right? In in the sense it's equity. &gt;&gt; Um but he the bank may or may not allow this is kind of the question for the bank. The bank may or may not allow a recorded deed of trust on the property when you close. When you close. Now, what he could do is keep the money in the escrow. So, it's going to be included as part of your 500 grand, call it, right? This total equity requirement. 200 of that 500 is his. &gt;&gt; Okay. You're going to have a note to him at 200 at 5 and a half% interest only. Here's the terms and that'll be the note. And then after you close, you could record that note and that's what's called a deed of trust, right? It's a deed of trust to secure the note that you have with him. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, that's how that would get done. But for the sake of this, we can keep it simple because the price is a million250. They're going to finance 200 of that. And so at the end of the day, it'll all work out. It's going to be included in your total equity requirement. So for just for the sake of seeing if this deal makes sense, we're going to keep it simple for this. Okay. &gt;&gt; So we'll keep moving down. Uh there's 16. Is there eight? Oh, there's eight garages, too. So with this, and I know that Kevin responded back, technically this money here for the garage income is going to come down here to other income. Okay, just so you know. So this 600 a month is really going to be few thousand a year, right? So that's going to be 7,200. That's really where it should be going. And is it 5,000? Where's that 5,000 going to come from? That other income. &gt;&gt; I think there was a laundry in there, I believe. Okay, great. So, this should be 12,500 then. And we're going to take out this garage income from here on the on the rents. Take it out and just keep it real simple. And you can delete these, just FYI, so that way your unit count is accurate. Okay? And your square footages are accurate. So, you can delete everything in the blue. So, now you have it accurate. You got 16 units. They're all onebedroom, one bath &gt;&gt; here. I think they're actually two ones. I think I forgot to put that in here. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, you could do it like that. Okay. And the monthly rent on them is 736. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; So, your monthly income is that square footages of the units are 580. I uh honestly god like something I redid. I may have skipped that too. I think they're a little bigger than that, but I don't remember off time. &gt;&gt; No, let me double check. Right. &gt;&gt; I had it all saved and then I rushed through it to get it done so I could get it submitted and I forgot a couple things. &gt;&gt; I'm going through the OM right now to pull that data. So, one second. &gt;&gt; So, I can do that, too. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; So, I got 16 units. Trying to find the square footages on here. See, I got it. And let me show you what I'm looking at here just so everybody can see this. So on the on the financials and this is on the broker's offering memo to me. This is what it's showing. You got 16 units. They have a purchase price up here of a million450. Don't worry about that. They're giving you an idea of a mortgage, uh, down payment, all that other stuff. Um, this is assessed values for like tax purposes. So, they're showing potential income, total potential income of 158,000, taking out some vacancy and credit loss, but there's no way it's going to be 5%. So, good try. um other income they have in there like you said for laundry. So we'll look at that. So the operating income of 155,000 and then they have the expenses listed in here. Fine. And then they have your total expenses, net operating income, debt service. Oh, so the debt service is 84153. That's not the uh so the actual net operating income they're showing it at this. So, we'll go through that. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; got it. &gt;&gt; That would make those numbers work probably. &gt;&gt; Yeah, at least on for what they're showing, right? &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Um, but let's go ahead and plug this stuff in here. So, they're showing rents of 736. Is that uh &gt;&gt; I took an average? &gt;&gt; That's probably on the rent roll, I'm guessing, is an average, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I just add them up and averaged them. Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay. but their total um their total potential income is 158,000. So that tells me that the they're showing um effective. So let me look at the rent roll here. Um yeah, so they have 11. Let's just show it. Rents rents of 11,785. Um, and then they have the garage income and stuff in there. Yeah. So, we'll we'll clean this up. I see what they're doing. So, they're adding in the garage income is, but that should be other income. But, yeah, but their actual rental income, uh, this is accurate to show this. So, that's right. 11,776 11,785. It's real close. So, you know, 738 would probably get us there, right? Or 737, right? We're right there. Okay. And then you think you can raise them to 8.25? &gt;&gt; Uh, going by what they looking at that market, they have it listed there is 825. So, I went with that for &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. So, we think we can just move the rents through natural market, right? market movement without having to do a lot of renovations. We can naturally move the rents about call it a hundred bucks. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; So, we'll presume that math for a minute. We're going to verify that, but we're going to presume that the broker's telling us the truth, which they're not, but we're going to presume they are &gt;&gt; just for this. Now, I see that this information in here uh for your expenses under current. Okay. So, let's take a peek at that just to verify that. So they're showing total operating expenses of about 64,000. You're showing total operating about 65. So pretty close. &gt;&gt; I added I added the general administration in there just because I knew you'd have some. I &gt;&gt; sure &gt;&gt; Yeah. Maintenance and turnover seems a little bit low here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh you would normally want to see, you know, right around 7 800 bucks per unitish. So, I know, you know, over here, we'd probably want this a little bit higher. Call it 10K because if this were 10K, right, we'd be Whoops. We'd be up a little bit. Probably needs to be 12K. Let's do that. Yeah, you're probably right in there. Okay. So, but for their math, we'll go back and give them the benefit of the doubt here for a minute. So when you're filling that out on that current, you just leave that like they have it 100% and then you on the performer you put what you what you think be right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Now the reality is Yeah. Correct. Now what I would probably do is I'm going to I'm going to put in the numbers the way they give them to me first. &gt;&gt; So I'm going to get those numbers exact to theirs and I'm going to back into it based on their numbers first. then I'm going to start tweaking it based upon what I know to be true because they're giving me maintenance and repair numbers that probably are too low. Um, that's usually where they finagle numbers a lot. Uh, utilities are probably fine. Those numbers are what they are. General administrative and contract services, those are fine. Uh, payroll, it's a smaller building, you're fine there. And then you need some reserves down here. &gt;&gt; Yep. So, I would be putting in 300 bucks per unit. And the reserves are this. You're going to be putting in each month into a reserve account for oh stuff. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Right. So, that way $4,800 a year you have going into an oh account because you know something's going to explode. So, that way what happens is you have this 50k to start off with, right? you're capitalizing it correctly with that first 50k. And then additionally, you're going to be plugging away at $4,800 a year into the account as well. So that way, you're properly capitalized in a call it a oh account in case stuff goes down. You're not having to go fight for where the money's at. Make sense? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And that's why that's there. So this is about right. You know, you're running around a 50% expense ratio for a property like this is about right in South Dakota. 1986 property, you know, you're right in that pocket zone. That's about right is where it should be running. You know, maybe a little bit lower, but you're right in that pocket zone. Okay. So, then now you come down here, and I saw some questions coming in, so I want to answer them. Uh, yes, Twilight. So, the new one has uh the columns and everything in it. This is the he he used the older one here. So, just so you know, and I'll show you the newer one in just a second. Um, yes. So, the turnover cost and all that stuff is there. I went ahead just for him here and I just added it in and kept it at 12K. So, that way that number should suffice. Um, because I would probably break it out a little bit, but for the sake of this, I'll just keep it simple. But that's 750 bucks. 800 bucks per unit should incorporate your repairs and maintenance and some turnover cost. Turnover cost. So that 12K is pretty good. So you come down here and they're showing uh 5,000, right, for that um that was laundry income, but really we need to add in is that kind of where they were getting that number? Um &gt;&gt; so I took it anyway. So, let me look at the rent roll just to see where that populates. Yeah, they have $600 a month in garages, which is an addition to that 5,000. So, I need to incorporate that here. Okay, we're going to leave it at that. Okay. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, Bruce, we're not putting in the turnover. I'm adding it in just the maintenance and repairs uh line item. So, I I kept it in there at 12K. uh is what that number should be. At the end of the day, I'm looking at this expense ratio right here at 49 to 50%. That's that's pretty good. That's an alignment with where the property should operate at for this age and uh and and and um unit count and all that stuff right in there. So, that should be pretty good. So, coming down here, making sure we're summarizing everything correctly is we have current numbers. So, 6% vacancy and credit loss is fine. We'll go ahead and use that. Realistically, it should be 10. So, but I'm going to put in their numbers as they have them because they have 5%. &gt;&gt; So, I'm just going to put in their numbers for now. We're going to look at it and back in. &gt;&gt; Take out the expenses, which are all here. &gt;&gt; You can see that we're not making it for the DCR. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; What I'm going to go ahead and do for the sake of this because I do think you'll get some interest only in that. So, I'm going to take this number here. Right. This is my interestonly payment. And I'm going to come down here and in this formula, you see it says K13. I'm going to change that to this number here, which is K15. I'm going to go for the interestonly payment. We're going to put that in there. And that starts to make sense. We're going to presume that we're going to get interest only. We're going to see. It may not work out this way. We're going to presume I'm going to get some interest only for uh the first couple years. first couple years. Now, this just shows you what this shows. Now, keep in mind, when the bank goes to underwrite the deal, they're going to be looking at it fully amortized, meaning principal and interest. Principal and interest. That's what fully amortized means. So, I just wanted to see what it would look like if I did interest only. It's going to help you from a cash flow, right? But realistically to the bank to get them a loan for you, I want to look at it fully amortized. Okay. So, I'm going to come back here and just change it back. So, that way I show the fully amortized payment of 64K. Okay? So, that way we can back into numbers that are going to make sense for this. Are you following me so far? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay. Because the bank is going to underwrite the deal fully advertised even though your cash flows are going to be better than that because of the deal you're getting from the seller. The bank's going to look at it fully amvertised. Okay? And they may even give you a couple years interest only, blah blah blah, but they need to look at it fully advertised when they do it. So you should too. And that's how you should be banking and underwriting your deal. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So that's not giving me enough, right? It does on the future, but I don't get future numbers from the bank. Future numbers are great for me, but the bank's not going to look at it like that. They're going to look at it like, "Okay, what does it look like today? And can I give you a loan today? If you're going to get your loan, can I give you a loan today?" And because this debt coverage ratio is not at 1.25 or greater, now I need to back into it. So, look, all things being equal, we know what the numbers are. I plugged in their numbers and I plugged in what I think the future could hold and now we're going to look at the deal to see if it makes sense. So everything being equal in here, we're going to back into it. So I can tell you that based on these metrics that we had up here on the board, right, the cash on cash, the equity multiple in the IRR are not there. They're not there. So now we need to start backing into the number that makes sense. And on top of that, my debt coverage ratio is not there either. Okay, so now is where we start going into here and we start plugging away. So let's go at 1 one. Let's start messing with it. So now our debt coverage ratio checks. All right, checkbox one. Awesome. The bank will give me the loan. Let's keep moving down here. We're starting to play ball or cash on cash 7.57, but you're also in South Dakota, right? So, because of the market, you know, I'd want to see does that is that really good for that market because I can probably go elsewhere in the United States and get that too that maybe is a little healthier and and and takes into account some risk. So, it's just these little things. your equity multiple good, your IR is starting to play ball, but for me, if I was in South Dakota, I'd probably want to see that closer to 17 18%. On an annualized return because if I come here and I'd have to see what this thing looks like here cap rate wise, yeah, you have a six cap. I'd probably want that at a seven cap, right? And it's just it just comes to play what this thing can look like. down the road. But right now it's, you know, now you're really a 10.67. Okay. Your cash on cash is is decent. So that's good. But your IRRa, because you're not going to sell that thing at a six cap, you know, down the road. You're probably going to sell at least at a 6.5 or so cap because you're buying it at that, right? You're buying this thing at almost a seven cap, right? So, you're not going to sell it for anything better than that down the road, right? It would probably be that or I mean, it may compress to a 6.5. You just have to realize, okay, what can I sell this thing for 3 to 5 years later? And yeah, cap rates may go down a little bit, but with interest rates going down, but not a lot. So, I would be using at least a 6 and 12 cap here as I'm coming to the sale. Right. Right now, it's seven with 6.5. Probably use that. So, that's showing me a 6.5 cap. And now I'm at a 13 on my IRRa, which is good. Is that 5% too high for an expense bump? I didn't They highlighted that too in the &gt;&gt; um probably. Well, hold on a second. That's That's not your Once again, you're using the old analyzer. So, these these are different now, but this is really your um vacancy and credit loss. &gt;&gt; Okay. Oh, I see. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So this number on your um it's going to be equaling this here which is low. But um just taking a look at this thing real quick. Yeah, because your expense bump is here. So that's what that's doing there. It's taking that 2% which is fine. But, um, yeah, I'm I'm using their 5% in terms of their vacancy and everything. That's going to be low, right? It's going to be low. Um, realistically, and that's why you should plug this into the newer analyzer. But for the sake of this, we'll go ahead and just plug this in here. &gt;&gt; Uh, so that way it equals that. Um, so cuz this number realistically should be closer to I mean at least an 8%. At least an 8%. So you can start to see how, you know, we're peeling the deal apart, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's that how that number should look, you know. So let's really think about, okay, what if we get this thing down to a million bucks? And I know the seller's not going to like this. I mean, I don't know where they get their concepts, but basic financials will tell me, you know, this thing probably needs to sell for a million bucks, realistically, which is which &gt;&gt; which makes some sense. $62,500 per unit in South Dakota. Um, makes some sense. Um, and I'd like them to show me some other comps and things, but I'm looking at the interiors and these are very, you know, standard. There's nothing remodeled about these things. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, you got popcorn ceilings in here, you know, carpet. You know, these are original 1980 style. You got a little bit LVT in here, you know, in some of the units and stuff. You got some laundry and all that stuff. But yeah, I'd be curious to see what other complexes have sold for on a price per unit, you know, over the last couple years in and around that area for similar comparables because I' I'd be willing to bet you that that's probably not too far off. Right around 62,500 a unit somewhere in that pocket zone. Because what they're trying to tell you is this, &gt;&gt; right? almost 100,000 a unit, 90,000 a door, right? Or in this case, million250, right? Still almost 80,000 a door. And for South Dakota, that seems a little a little rich. A little rich. So, there's kind of a few things you're looking at as you're kind of analyzing these things. Is yeah, the financials, get a get them to pencil. That's numero uno. So you back into where the numbers pencil and based on this about a million dollar is where this thing starts to trade. Right around 62,000 a unit. But really in these financials right here if we're keeping it real and I'm even giving them the benefit of the doubt that we're going to run in 8% total credit loss. That includes physical vacancy, bad debt, loss to lease, and concessions that you may have to give to get people to rent, right? &gt;&gt; Keep it full. But it's a smaller building, so you can probably, you know, operate this thing, and you could even probably really self-manage it and save some money, but you have to account for it not. And this is just educating the broker, too, you know, and being, you know, do they have any other offers? What's going on? Um, yeah, Cristiano, you had asked a question. Can you please explain again the spread between the down payment and the total equity? Well, the total equity is going to include your down payment, closing cost, and if you're going to be renovating the property, that's going to include those renovation dollars if it's not included in the loan. So, it's not just your down payment. So, that's the delta, that's the spread. That's the spread. Um, and you can come in here and just click on the formula Cristiano and it's it's adding it up for you. Okay, it's showing you how it's adding it up. So that way you get to your total equity amount. Okay. But yeah, based on this, have you written an LOI on this one yet or no? &gt;&gt; No. Matter of fact, he called me this morning let know where I where I was at and I said, "Well, I'm just kind of getting it checked out and making sure the numbers work and whatnot." &gt;&gt; Yeah. And what I what I would do um yeah I mean your your numbers are going to look better because you're going to get some interest only. So from your cash flow perspective it's good but you have to back into it as though the bank's going to be giving you the loan. Are there any local commercial banks that you know of in that area? &gt;&gt; I have not uh made contact with any of the local banks. Um, &gt;&gt; but do you know do you know of any like generally speaking? &gt;&gt; I do not. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I'm sure there is, but I don't know what they are. &gt;&gt; What you could do? Yeah. What you could do is go into chat GPT, put in the property address and say, "Hey, can you give me a list of commercial banks, you know, within a 100 miles of this property that would lend on multifamily apartment buildings?" You'd be shocked. it'll probably go find it for you and give you a list. &gt;&gt; That's pretty decent. And then go verify it, right? Take those names and actually go plug it in, see where those banks are at. And then that's going to give you some local commercial banks that would help you with the financing for this type of property because it's a low balance loan under a million dollars. It's going to be a local commercial bank through a relationship that you're going to make locally. And that's who's going to give you the financing. &gt;&gt; And we're scheduled, if he can make it work, to actually meet him on Monday up there. So &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; So I'll just do that up there also. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And Bruce, what I was mentioning on the self-managing meaning you actually manage the property and you put in a little management software, very simple, and you manage it. So and if you're local, you know, if you're local and John, you know, if you're in that market and you're local, then you could do that, right? Because it's in your backyard. You could get to it. If it's not in your backyard, I would not recommend, you know, self-managing. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm four or five hours away, so I'm sure I would hire it out. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you probably hire it out. Yeah. Yeah. Or Yeah, you would hire it out. Um and then you'd really want to oversee them because realistically, your property manager is going to be a smaller PM company, you know, probably even like a local realtor or something &gt;&gt; and they're going to have a little they're going to be not sophisticated, but you really kind of are looking at boots on the ground at the end of the day, you know. So 7 8% for your total management fee would probably suffice and then you're just going to have to be a really good asset manager and oversee them and just making sure they're doing their job and checking in with them weekly on that. So &gt;&gt; makes sense. Like right now I manage all my properties that I own already. So I mean I got I understand that part fairly well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then uh you Julian had asked uh what about value ad considerations? Uh yes, in this particular deal, Julian, he's not because um it may not make sense to do that. But that would be something for you to look at, uh John, because the units look original 1986. So then the question becomes, okay, if I went in and did, you know, put in 510,000 a unit, what kind of rent could I get? &gt;&gt; You know, and does it make sense to do that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we discussed that briefly. We're trying to I haven't got enough homework on what what the rent would be on that situation. But yeah, so typically for that to make sense on average, you're going to want to see that you're bumping the rents at least $200 to $300 per month per unit for you to go put $5,000 $10,000 a unit into it on average, you're going to want to bump it close to $200 to $300 a month, right? Because by the time you back into it and the cost associated with that, that's probably going to be that bump you're going to need to see on average. on average. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So that way you can kind of see, okay, it's called return on cost. So if I'm going to go put five 10,000 a unit into these things, you know, I need to see a bump in rent probably $200 per unit per month to $300 per unit per month to get that. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; So would you send me this updated version? &gt;&gt; Go for it. And and yeah, I listen, I understand the broker's not going to like what you give them. I get it. No, &gt;&gt; but it's it's walking him through it and saying, "Listen, I've underwritten the deal. I'm going to show you my numbers. I want you to show me where I'm wrong." And trust me, this is what the broker's going to do. I guarantee it. Watch. He'll come through here and he'll say, "Well, okay, interest rate, okay, but you're going to get some interest only." He'll start to finagle the deal down, right? Because this is what they're going to do. And then they'll come into your operating expenses and they'll say, "Well, you can change this, you can change that, you can change this, you can change that. Your operating expenses should be maybe 40% versus 50, 48." You see how they're going to start squeezing it? Okay? And then you'll say, "Well, you should go back to 5% because this thing's always full. You don't have this, you don't have that, you don't have this, right? You have to account for stuff. I'd really love to see their true P&amp;L and I'd want to see their bank accounts for the actual revenue they've collected over the last two years because I'm pretty sure that if I go through that my net, right, my net net is probably going to be closer to these numbers because this is what you want to look for is actual operating income, not potential. I want to see what you've actually collected and that's what that operating income is is what have you actually collected before your expenses. Okay. &gt;&gt; Then I'd want to see what your because then I can take out your expenses and that not that net operating income should be closer to that. &gt;&gt; So what they're saying is your net operating income is closer to 80 something,000 if I'm not mistaken. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; They're saying the net operating income is actually closer to 91,000. Um so I want to see where that's happening. um because they have gross potential income ofund Yeah, but that's okay. Got it. But they're including their um their garages and stuff in that. So, I'm adding that here, right? Same thing. So, when they bring it up, just so you know, I'm not adding that into the rents. I'm adding it into the other income line item. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So, we're getting to the same thing, right? If I click on that and that, we're getting to 154,000. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Y &gt;&gt; we're getting to the same number. It's pretty close. Uh and then I'm using their performant numbers here and I'm boosting it up even here to get you to 170,000 in total income. And then I'm taking out this vacancy and credit loss number. Okay. So, that's how we're getting to that. And then less expenses. you know, they have in their expenses, they have a total of 64,000. I have it bumped up a little bit. I'm adding in another, you know, 6,000 bucks in expenses because that's probably more realistic because that they're underperforming the expenses. So, that's that. So, that's how we get to it. And then we're just backing into the numbers. So, we're just being a little more realistic on their numbers. Um, but even if I come in here like this and I put in 5%. Let's just give them the benefit of the doubt for a minute. Okay? And then I come in here and I take out some of your general administrative and let me look at their insurance numbers. Okay, got it. I got property tax numbers. Got it. I got they have management fee of nine grand. Fine. Repairs and maintenance 9500. But they have some snow snow numbers in there too. &gt;&gt; That's right for contract services. &gt;&gt; Oh, gotcha. Contract services. Got it. But yeah, they but this should be 6,000 then. &gt;&gt; Oh, yep. You're right. &gt;&gt; Y for for their number based on theirs. Um, I lose that one. Where did I go? Here. Yeah. And then repairs and maintenance of 9500. Okay. Got it. So, even if I do that, and I saw we're finishing up here. I want to just show this to people. But even even then, right? So that that gets me up higher, right? So then I come in here and I go to a million one. So we can hit this number here, right? Even at a million one, it doesn't work. So because see, I got to I got to start hitting some metrics here. So even if I use their numbers to a t a million50. Okay? Because they're not they're not calculating like an actual investment. They're thinking, "Oh, yeah, you can get away with a few percentage points in return." No, it's not how it works. It's not how it works. So, let me bring up um because I know we got a few minutes left here. Um and I have the pitch deck for Michael here that I want to peruse through real quick. Where did that go? Here we go. So, I want to show that Crawford pitch deck here and pull this up with Michael so I can show everybody his pitch deck on his 30 units real quick. And I'll bring up Michael to showcase this. There we go. Yeah, we have about eight minutes or so to make sure we go through this here. But this is the pitch deck for uh Michael's deal. It's a 30 unit. He went through on Canva, edited it, got it all ready and stuff. And I just going to kind of peruse through it. This is using the template. So, he's got the Crawford Crossing, Louisville, Kentucky. He's putting in some of the property data and information, couple photos, area information. He's taking a lot of this from the broker's OM and just copying and pasting it, screenshotting it in and bringing it in. Right. Property photos, interior photos, giving some property details, going through some of the metrics, purchase price, capital improvements, title and closing, loan amount, total equity, all that stuff. showing you property returns and stuff on that as well. Give me information on Louisville, Kentucky and the market, some economics, overview of kind of total population, household growth, median household income, all this stuff. And this is probably just uh Yep, he just screenshotted this and brought it over. That's great. Some of the comparables for the rent in the market. So this way any investor looking at this can kind of like decipher, okay, is are the rents reasonable that he's looking to charge? Is the improvements in the business plan? Does it make sense? You know, can I look at this on the financials? Okay, let me look at the financials. Cool. Okay, here's the projected returns. So if I give you 25 grand, here's kind of my projected returns, preferred return, cash on cash. Sweet. Okay, looks good. And here's what I get as a limited partner. If I come in as an investment, if I give you 100 grand, this is what it looks like for me. Sweet. I can get a 16% annualized return. This is great. Show me the cash flows. If I give you 25 grand, this is what it looks like. Here's my benefits. I get profits, tax, inflation, hedge fund, cash flow. Awesome. Here's the timeline if I give you money. Here's the team. Perfect. And then you'll want to take out this uh Chris on this one, just so you know, Michael. Okay. Yeah, you can. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's fine. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I wasn't sure about him. And uh even on the next slide as well, &gt;&gt; right, that's fine. &gt;&gt; And this guy, &gt;&gt; this is legal and accounting, so you can have them in there because you could use that totally fine. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, I wasn't sure on that. &gt;&gt; Put in here like strategic partner and stuff. So section it out to where you're here and then put strategic partner separately. &gt;&gt; Yep. Okay. And then, yep, little disclosure there and you're good. So, nice and clean. And then this can be downloaded as a PDF. And now you have that you can send off to any of your investors or anybody that has interest. And it's kind of breaking it all down for them. And then you would set up a follow-up call. And then they would be asking you, so if I give you 25 grand, this is kind of what it looks like, blah blah blah. What's your business plan? Blah blah blah. and you're just this kind of tells the whole story and answers 90% of the questions for anybody that may have some interest. So, um yeah, that's really good. Uh we have shared that Chris. So, uh we put that the link and stuff into the back end. Um so that way you can actually have it in Canva as well as PowerPoint because this is the the pitch deck that you have access to. So it's in your portal in your downloads. This is the pitch deck template that you already have. And then we've shared the Canva link, the editable Canva link as well. So, that's in there, too. Now, keep in mind when you go to edit this in Canva, as I've said before, you'll want to make a copy of it. So, that way you're editing your copy in your free Canva account. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Don't do what I did. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, don't edit the actual link that we're sending you. Make a copy. You can make a quick duplicate of it, and then you can edit that one. So, that's your copy moving forward. Okay. Inside Canva. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. So, don't uh don't edit it. Make a copy then edit. Make a copy then edit. And that way, and if you want to I mean, I would I would get a a paid Canva account. You don't need to per se. You can do editing, but to download it and do all this other stuff, I guess they charge you. It's I think it's pretty cheap. It's a few bucks a month. Uh &gt;&gt; I think I did end up getting that out. Correct. I didn't do the whole thing. Okay. &gt;&gt; Right. And that's up to you if you want to get a Canva account. We use it for everything. I mean, you can so much stuff &gt;&gt; and it's cheap per month. If you want to just have it for you and your family, you can get a family account for you and your kids. Your kids can use it to I mean, my kids use it. It's crazy. They can do all kinds of stuff with it. And if they need it for school, they can use it for all kinds of stuff. So, it's up to you. But, yeah, great job on it. Looks good. Uh, just edit a few quick things in there. So, that way you have that. And then, yeah, you're going to have this as a PDF. And then if you want, just so you know, if you want to um compress anything or merge anything or convert anything, you can go to smallpdf.com. It's free. There's all they have paid versions, too, but it's free. And that way, if you need to compress, convert word documents to PDFs, PDFs to words, Excel to PDF, PDF to this, up, down, left, right, it's all done here. right here. You can compress the file. If it's too large, you want to compress that document. Take the PDF and compress it. You can do that right here, too. &gt;&gt; It's all done right here. &gt;&gt; Uh, awesome. That's just a little, it's in the back end under our vendors and systems, but this is a great little tool. It's free, and you can uh do a paid version, too. Up to you. But that way, you can use it right here. Uh, and then that way now you have this PDF document that you can email, you can attach to uh your uh landing page and then I don't know if do you have that landing page done yet or no? &gt;&gt; Uh, no. I'm currently in the middle of working on that. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yes, &gt;&gt; it should be done this evening. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, if you have that done for next week, then what we'll do is and we can help you out. We can go in the back end and help you out once you get it all done. will attach this PDF to it &gt;&gt; and make sure you have kind of the what they call the workflow. Meaning, if somebody comes onto that landing page and they click the button and they fill out their information, their information is going to go into your CRM, number one, if it's already in your CRM, it won't duplicate, don't worry. But then they can download this pitch deck PDF right to themselves. And that way you can just send somebody the link, send anybody the link or post that link online to your immediate database and people can look at the landing page. They can get information. They can download the pitch deck and then now you're creating leads and bringing in leads to your CRM all ready to go. Make sense? &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yep. Makes good sense. &gt;&gt; Now, now you can just share that link anywhere. So that way if you're at, I don't know, if you're at a restaurant here, let me send the link to you. What's your cell phone number? Send them the link. Now you have their cell phone number. You sent them the link. They can look at it. You can follow up. And then, hey, did you download it? What do you think? Blah blah blah. So now you're creating the leads using that landing page in the download to do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so the landing page is just like a just a short brief ex, you know, just kind of showing you what it is. And if you want more details, you download the PD. &gt;&gt; Correct. It's it's a one-page brief that just lets them look at some photos, get some information, learn a little bit about you. It's a onepage brief &gt;&gt; trying to do. And then they click a little button says download the pitch deck and they'll put their information in. So you capture their info that goes right into the CRN that's attached. &gt;&gt; And then now you have a lead to follow up with with all their contact info right in your CRM and you're ready to go. And then you now you can share that link, that URL with anybody and just save it on your phone and notes and you can share that with anybody you come into contact with. So that way if I don't know, you're at a you're running into the bank and you're talking to somebody and they're like, "Yeah, send me that deal over. Sweet. Here's the link. Send it to their cell phone number, follow up with them. Now you have a lead. It's in your CRM and now you've created a soft lead for investor. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Yeah. And I'll uh I'll make those edits to it as soon as I get home. Get those uh get your partner out of there and uh separate those us and you and Yep. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. But it looks great. Did a great job. Looks good. And that's kind of the initial phases of starting this uh this raising money and marketing part, right? Which is kind of, you know, when we get to that phase, you know, you're kind of in that um and I know we're finishing up here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, you're in this last phase of uh the financing in the capital, right, in the closing section. You know, you're right here. I think the next one should go a little faster being that, you know, if I made that one to where you just basically go in and edit a few things and you I had to do quite a bit. It seemed like me and my wife did. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's right. Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, first pitch deck, first deal, first everything is always the hardest. Then it's like anything, you're going to get better at it, faster at it. You don't need to edit as much. You won't need to do as much. And it's just rinse and repeat, &gt;&gt; right? Yep. &gt;&gt; So awesome everybody. I'll be respectful of your time. We're right at that limit. But yeah, you got to kind of see the deal being analyzed uh for John's on that little 12 unit in South Dakota. Walking through that and then also with this pitch deck, which is kind of getting into this phase of, hey, I landed the deal. I've been finding, analyzing, writing offers. That's John's phase. Now, we actually locked it up. So, now we're in the phase of financing and closing. And that's where Michael's at. So, this is kind of where this pre-arketing stuff comes in. dealing with the PSA, which is the purchase and sale agreement, dealing with some of the legalities, going through the inspections and stuff on the property in this closing phase, which is intense. And once you get through this, now you own a building, and you know, it's going to feel like climbing and dropping off a mountain. I mean, it's it's a big deal, but you're it's it's okay. It's a normal feeling. Uh, but that's why you're here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The unknown is the I don't know, the most craziest thing. kind of like you said the other night is you you feel alive, that's for sure. You're like, "Okay, what's next? Oh, here here comes the PSA. Oh, what what's this? It's got all kinds of stuff in it." &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Who do I talk to? &gt;&gt; Alive. Yeah. After your hyps this quote, if you live in the past, you live in depression. &gt;&gt; If you live in the future too much, right, you live in anxiety, right? &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. &gt;&gt; What is happening? You're dealing with so much unknown. So you're living a lot in that future, which is why you're so anxious. So you want to try and bring that back to live in the moment in the present as much as you can so your nervous system calms down and just take it as it's coming and then utilize us to help you through it. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; So cool. &gt;&gt; Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; All right, everybody. Have a great Thursday. Uh I know we went a little bit over here, but I hope this was helpful to kind of, you know, walk through these first sections and phases. So cool. Thanks everybody. &gt;&gt; See you.