Testing. One, two, three. Hello. Hello. Hello. coming on in. See everybody here. See some smiley faces hopefully. [Music] I see Michelle. I got Tony, Joshua, Liam. Good to see you. Awesome. &gt;&gt; Kind of new here. So, &gt;&gt; yeah. No, and I'll be uh would love to have you um introduce yourself in just a moment. &gt;&gt; Where uh where are you from this evening? &gt;&gt; I'm in northern Utah. &gt;&gt; Northern Utah. Okay, nice. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Salt Lake area or north of that? &gt;&gt; North of that. We're like 15 minutes south of Idaho. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; College town called Logan. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Beautiful. &gt;&gt; It's It is pretty pretty. &gt;&gt; Yeah. this time of year up there it's it's gorgeous. Um especially in I mean obviously if you got in Idaho and Cordelane and Boise and all that. So &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Where are you guys located? &gt;&gt; Uh currently in San Diego and then um but just got back was just over in Vegas. And then &gt;&gt; say you can't complain with San Diego weather ever. No, no. It's this is the time of year that uh although I would say the best time of year is when everybody else's weather stinks &gt;&gt; and SoCal's weather's good, you know. But Tony knows that, too. So &gt;&gt; So any anybody in SoCal, you know, that's that's usually when we send all the photos back, you know, as messed up as this place can be sometimes, at least it's uh the weather makes up for it. &gt;&gt; The one thing we got going for us. &gt;&gt; There you go. There you go. They make you pay for it though, don't they? I That's why I left Northern California is we were living paycheck by paycheck making 200 a year. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's And it What's Yeah, it's funny you mentioned that because I had a buddy the other day that uh Orange County, Irvine area. He's like, Justin, I make a half million dollars a year and I feel poor. &gt;&gt; I used to live in Anaheim Hills. I get it. &gt;&gt; It's where I'm at. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's uh it's pretty wild. &gt;&gt; It's a high-end country club. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. everybody coming in here. So, good to see you, John in the America. &gt;&gt; Well, &gt;&gt; and then I'll mute everybody and then we'll unmute as we kind of go through it. But yeah, uh kind of chime in and I'd like to know if you want to raise your hand and kind of chat about um you some wins this week. I was chatting with a few of you guys and some wins you're getting which are great. you know, speaking with the brokers and doing things, um, which I love, and then other people putting some deals in escrow, you know, which is great, too. So, you know, it's always that battle. But, anybody want to share first or do I have to share some of our wins and losses? Just kidding. Uh, Tanya or is it it's would I pronounce it twa? Is it toa or &gt;&gt; twila? Twila. Okay. Yeah. I don't want to butcher that the wrong way. And I know Michael's out there crushing it and working in Indiana. So, how are things going out there, Michael? &gt;&gt; Uh, not too bad. We uh I'm still working with brokers. I just got an email uh from uh I actually when I sent out a mass email to a bunch of people, I guess I got in touch with the owner of that broker somehow. Uh, but he's I think they're wanting they're accepting to put me to where they on their deals that they find and co-broker with if they collab with other brokers that have it, they'll bring those deals to me. So, I think that's a big win there. Uh, okay. And then I also have another broker that's working on some pre-market deals for me as well. She's sending me some more information uh on a property up in Lawrence. So, I don't know. She sent me a few, but I would just wasn't interested in them, but just been talking to her at least every other day. So, see what see what happens here. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. Um, anybody else? I know Bruce, you've been working on some stuff, so I love seeing that and making some headway there on some LOIs and writing stuff in. Um, you want to chat on that? I've spent a few hours today twisting that thing trying to figure it out and I I get everything that that you did. I can I you know I get it. Um, and I I was having just a little different look at it with the owner because the owner's willing to finance more and you had shared a number of like 270 something going. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was just throwing it out there, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Um, I was looking at the owner doing more like 380, which makes the the the buyer equity piece instead of it being 60. And it needs to be 60, you know, for the deal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; As you had stated, &gt;&gt; um, &gt;&gt; cutting that in half &gt;&gt; at 30, which brings the finance piece, the owner finance piece up to about three. Let me let me go back here. um 380 &gt;&gt; which I'll just know and I'll um &gt;&gt; totally willing to do. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, I'm just trying to dissect it. And one thing that you didn't know, 10 because I didn't say 10 of the uh tenants, their leases are coming due in November &gt;&gt; with another one due in December. So, I could get after this thing quickly as far as renovations. &gt;&gt; Sure. Which is great. I mean especially on a smaller property bring it up. So it so it brings that picture or that that that you know 18 to 24 months. I think it brings it closer to 12 months. &gt;&gt; It can sure on a smaller deal. &gt;&gt; So you know I'm just looking I'm just really trying to dissect it to see if it's worth the push. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So to kind of touch on that real quick, everybody's coming in is uh you know Bruce was looking at the one is a seller financing deal creatively financed and you know how would that actually you know pan out and work out and I kind of you know went through it specifically um and you know prepared a little short video for him which I uh we can go over today but to kind of show how that would actually break down and how you would structure that if there's an existing loan or if there's going to be a new loan coming on it. So, to kind of show you this property, just to kind of go through the basics real quick. &gt;&gt; Hold on one second here. &gt;&gt; I know. &gt;&gt; And oh, and the last thing I decided that the the the offering price would be 960, not 970 as you had suggested. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, if we adjust that 30% down, we'll just start there for a minute. 12 units repair budget of 150K. year of the product, etc. And then closing costs, you know, you're gonna round that to six. Um interest rate, that's fine. And it's 12 one-bedroom, one bath. Currently getting about $790, $7.87 in current rent. And through renovations, right, through doing some renovations can bring him up to about $150. So pretty good bump. Pretty good bump. And then bringing in all the expenses. So, but what I shared with Bruce is this. I said, and you know, you kind of heard from some of the the brokers and people that were on our 3-day event, you know, kind of showcasing the market right now to best uh protect you, the property, investors, and ensure that you have a good refinance, right? A good refinance that's going to happen 24, 36 months down the road. The best way to structure these things is with a little bit more money down. So let's say it was 35% down. So you'd have a 65% loan. Then based on this, because the current rents and stuff are so low, right? Unless you want to get hammered with a variable rate shortterm loan that's going to be 9% interest rate variable, which variable is not that big of a deal right now because interest rates are pretty stable and they're probably going the other way. But keep that in mind that you'd be probably in 90% interest rates. You'd add additional costs, interest reserve, and things to it if you were going to buy this property because the property can't take care of itself. Now, currently, you just look at the numbers. It it doesn't pass, you know, a DCR test for any bank. So, you can't go out and get a traditional loan on it because they'd be like, like it doesn't work, right? Even at the 960 price, 35% down, you can't go get it because the rents are so low, right? So, but you need to move the needle on it, right? So, how do you acquire this thing and then get runway for you so that way you can actually refinance it with fixed rate normal stabilized money 24, 36 months from now, but not get hosed right now going in the door? And if you can't go get a traditional loan because the banks are going to require you to base it on today's financials, not hope and pray. The only way a bank will give you hope and pray numbers, meaning they will give you these 1150 rents, is if you can show them that you can get those rents simply by renewing or or changing out a lease. No renovations, just I it's undermarket. I'm going to move it to market. I don't have to do anything to the property. That's the only way that they're going to even give you a shot at those rents. Otherwise, they're going to use today's financials to give you the loan. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; That's that's a key key. &gt;&gt; Definitely. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Key factor to it. So, with that in mind, I have to presume because he has to do $150 $200,000 in reno, they're going to use today's financials. So, today's financials suck. They don't work. You can't get a loan. So, then it came up with, well, what if the seller helped finance it? Right? What if the seller came in and helped finance the deal? How would you structure that? How would you put that together? So, let's presume for a moment that the seller says, "Yes, I'll consider that." Well, you're going to put a new loan on it. Well, in order to put a new loan on it, you need less loan because you have to meet the smell test. I got to get this thing to at least a 1.25 debt coverage ratio. So, we're going to start increasing. If the price is what it is, we're going to start increasing the down payment. And so, right now, there's $446,000 in equity required. If you look at that number right there, that's what's required today. Okay. Now, what I'm saying is, well, what if you make it a 55% down payment? So, now it's 668,000. Well, the different the difference 668 minus the $446, which is what it was before, that's $220 something,000. That would be the amount that the seller would keep in the deal as a preferred equity piece, almost like a loan, but not an actual loan. It's preferred equity. And that way, they could help finance the deal. And then you just got to roll down here. And now you see how your debt coverage ratio is 1.44. You meet the smell test. And all you did was have the seller stay in with a little bit of money. You know, 200 something thousand. Price is what it is. You're putting more money down, but the seller's part of that money and they're in a preferred equity piece where they're going to get a 7% interest rate on their money. Plus, they're going to get a little bit of a pop because they're preferred equity. And they're going to go ahead and acrue. They're not going to get paid interest because you don't have enough money to pay them the interest on like payable every month. You're going to acrue that 7% interest and they're going to get paid out in about 12 to 24 months. &gt;&gt; I had a question about that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; The acred is that compounded or just straight &gt;&gt; simple interest. Simple interest. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Simple interest. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; So, I brought it up to 60 just to tell you where I'm at now. I brought the down payment up to 60 which makes the uh total equity numbers what it what you see there &gt;&gt; and I cut that in half which you know makes my actual equity position &gt;&gt; 30%. My my repair budget is is at 140 now. So I took that 140 out because I have to retain that. &gt;&gt; Yep. When you take that out, that brings the uh &gt;&gt; Why do you have to Why do you have to take this out? &gt;&gt; Well, I'm going to need that money to do that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you you want you want to keep it in here because it's it's part of your total uh equity down payment. &gt;&gt; Well, whether I keep it in here or whatever. I mean, I've got to have those dollars. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm I'm just I just kept it in here so that way it gives you your total of 72,3600, right? Because that includes your down payment monies, right? And you're not &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right. So that way it's including that and then you're good to go. And then like you said, you're going to split that in half to where you're going to bring in half with investors and you and then your seller &gt;&gt; is going to finance it and stay in the deal with a preferred equity term of 7%. And when I say preferred equity, what I mean by that is when it comes down to like what they call a capital stack, right? Like the money. So you have a total of you got that that and that. So you have a total of a million67 is your total cost right? If I include my renovations purchase price and closing cost that's the total cost of the deal. Now with that your capital stack. So if your total is 167, right? Your total cost in the deal. You have a loan of 444. That's your loan, right? That's your loan. And then you're going to have your equity, but your equity is going to be split because you're going to have 361,000 coming from the seller and then 361 coming from you. and investors. The seller gets 7% preferred return. They're stacked ahead of this, right? &gt;&gt; Okay. So, they get paid out first, then it goes to this. So, when they talk about a capital stack, this is your capital stack. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I'm still a little confused on the on the rena budget being where you put it. Aren't I gonna need I need those dollars? &gt;&gt; Correct. It's all in your totals. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's all in your totals. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Because if you total these things up, what does this equal? Your 723 or your I mean that's what it I mean it was 362, whatever, right? &gt;&gt; It seems like if it's above the line, it goes, you know, to the the owner, though. &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no. It's not. Yeah. Don't look at this like a closing statement. This is just showing you total cost. &gt;&gt; That's what I'm doing. So, &gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah. Don't look at it like a closing statement. All this is showing you is how do I where's my total cost of the deal, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So, your repair budget, your acquisition price, you got some closing cost in here, but it's not a closing statement. Yeah, that's different. &gt;&gt; And and I'll I'll just explain why I'm thinking about these numbers so much because I have to explain this in the LOI because the broker ain't going to get it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All you need to say is is you go to them at this point. You say, "Hey, can the seller carry, you know, 370,000 bucks?" &gt;&gt; Yeah. Which he's already told me he's willing to carry up to five something, but that was &gt;&gt; we didn't talk about, you know, whether that was deferred or whatever. &gt;&gt; Well, he wants to be made whole on the 490 that he owes on this thing, which, you know, we can do that. Plus, &gt;&gt; Well, right. Because you're going to bring in a new loan, take out that loan. Correct. &gt;&gt; Yeah. that's going to take out, you know, 90% of it, you know, and then &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no, no, no, no. He has a he has an existing loan on there, correct? &gt;&gt; Yes. I'm just saying the new loan is enough to pay for 90% of that and then the difference is going to come from &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Correct. buyer equity. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Got it. &gt;&gt; And then some. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; So, he's going to get more money, &gt;&gt; but he's but he's going to have to wait for the rest of it, which is, you know, so what? He's not going to be able to sell it to anybody. Uh I mean, you know, except through something creative as we all know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, if he's willing to carry 500, that's great because that means you have to bring in less investor money, right? Right. &gt;&gt; So, basically basically think of like your seller as your investor in in a way, right? They're your investor. They're just in a preferred equity piece, &gt;&gt; but they're an investor in in the deal and they're staying in it. So that way it reduces the amount of money that you have to come in with. &gt;&gt; Okay. So what I was doing today is, you know, looking at it downstream, which you spent a little bit of time in that video, and I was just trying to, you know, add up all the numbers, the deferred payments, deferred uh interest payments to investors to see where I'm going to be, you know, after I have the new valuation in 12, say, 18 months. Y &gt;&gt; um of around 1.5 mil, which I've you know I I came up with the same thing. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; yeah, so let me answer a couple of these questions that are coming in here so I can um so Andrew asked, "Would you talk to the broker about owner financing or do you try and go around them?" No, you talk to the broker. Yeah, you don't circumvent them. Talk to the broker, say, "Hey, is the seller interested? Sounds like they are." Great. You know, what would they what would they consider carrying? And then if it's a if it's above what you're looking for, great. They'll care even more. All it's doing is reducing the amount of money that you have to come in with. You're going to be paying your investors the same. Even beyond that, you're going to be paying your investors part of the upside, too. So, the less of the upside you have to give away, right? Think of it like Shark Tank, right? Whether it's like a loan or whether it's equity, right? Loan or equity. If you can give away in a preferred equity piece which is essentially a loan in a way without having to give away the upside all day long. Okay? So that way that the seller would stay in it. Who holds the rental budget monies? It would stay in the operating account. So what ends up happening just so you know when you do these deals is you're going to have three. You'll have one bank account right. Let's say Bank of America. One will be a checking for operations. One will be for rena or capex, however you want to call it. And one is entity. There's three checking accounts. So this is check one, check two, check three, all under that same account, right? Three checking accounts all under the one bank account. And that is how you'll structure all your bank accounts on any deal you do. So that way you don't coingle funds. you can track things beautifully from a bookkeeping and accounting standpoint and you don't get into a cluster F. And this way you can actually pay out your investors. So what ends up happening is all the free cash flow that's pumping out of the deal every quarter, every month, you would move it from the operations account right into the entity account. And then the entity account will be sending out the distributions directly to your investors. Very beautifully trackable, very easy for your bookkeepers to do it. Easy breezy covergirl and then your rena account. That way all the dollars that are being used for your rena are right in there your 150k and then you'll be reducing it as you're paying out. You'll be able to track it beautifully and you don't need to worry about coingling inside the operations which are running the day-to-day. Does that make sense? And that is how you'll stack your bank account. So this will be one bank account with three checking accounts in it. Um yeah, the access to the money Dean I think I answered that. Um uh Liam not does mean you have to pay more because keep in mind like so this loan here that you're going to get this 444 is probably going to be somewhere about 7.5% on that realistically. And then you're going to be having the seller stay in, right? Seller financing. And then these are investors and they're going to probably just get a 7% preferred. These investors are going to get probably a 7% prep and 70% of the or and call it 60% of the deal. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. So in that then the more that the seller is willing to finance is always preferred. Always &gt;&gt; depending on the terms. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But depending on the terms, it it's usually preferred. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um especially if it's under the interest of the or I guess the the deciding factor would be what's the loan percentage, what is their percentage of return? Whichever is lower, that's where you want to put more of the money, &gt;&gt; right? Cuz sometimes this money can be super expensive. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Sometimes the seller, you know, call it preferred equity piece, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like if this were a preferred equity group, they would probably want like 11 to 15%. &gt;&gt; And at that point, you want to minimize that to where you're just scraping the barrel and getting in getting the deal done, but right &gt;&gt; giving them the least amount that you can. Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because they're just looking for I mean, they're a preferred equity group. They're going to be more expensive, but once again, they get none of the upside. They're just getting, you know, a return on their money. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And that's it. They don't get and that's it. As long as long as they hit that return, they're out, right? But in this case, the seller is willing to stay in at a 7% it sounds like. And if they'll stay in for 500 grand, I mean, &gt;&gt; hell yeah. &gt;&gt; You're going to be paying your investors more. So that would be beautiful. And then that way you can go in and you can actually come in and operate this thing. And if you believe that you can come in here, improve the property, increase the rents to 1150, and you can actually pull off that skill set. I mean, I could do it all day long and so could you guys because you're learning it. But if if if you feel confident that, yeah, dude, those rents are really 1150 if that thing is renowed, right? If you believe that and you and your all your data shows you that, then this thing rock and roll. Especially if the seller is going to carry it for you. This is very similar to &gt;&gt; all the numbers. The numbers are solid. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, if you if you believe in these rents and and this is legit and you have confidence in that, which it sounds like you do, and you could get the seller because the seller may not be sophisticated clearly because if they were, they would do it themselves, &gt;&gt; right? They would be like, "What?" They would see they would see what we're looking at, but they're not. And so, this is an opportunity for you to come in and make some money. The fact they kept the rents so low that he just totally shot himself in the foot &gt;&gt; just tells me he's not all that sophisticated. &gt;&gt; Well, they kept him low and then they just kept the property as is. But he could come in if he was smart like you and spend the time to reno it and, you know, do all this stuff. &gt;&gt; Well, you know, I've seen the pictures and the rents could be raised at least a hundred bucks. you know, any day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. As is. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like you said, mom and mom and pop. And this is not uncommon. You know, you're a smaller 12-unit complex. They probably owned it for a long time. &gt;&gt; They have six years. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, and they're doing fine, and they have a bunch of money down. They don't have a big loan on it. He's looking at this. He's looking at, hey, if I have a $400,000 loan on it is, and I can get a million dollars or close to it, he's looking at that big chunk. And if I only need to wait 18 months to get it all and the only way I can get it is by helping finance this thing, but I'm in a preferred equity position. Okay, you know, I'm ahead of you. I'm below the first trustee because the first the first loan is not going to they're going to have this thing recorded on the property and they're probably going to have stipulations in their loan stating you can't put a second on the property. That's what I'm guessing. Um, but you can do silent seconds, right? Meaning you can re you can have a deed of trust, &gt;&gt; let's say preferred equity, right, that has an interest rate on it and stuff. It's just not recorded. You see where I'm going with it? &gt;&gt; So you can actually create a deed of trust that gives them a loan power and just not record it in the event unless there's an event of default. That's how you would just so you know how that can work is you can actually have language in the deed of trust and you know our mortgage people on here understand that that would just it would be recorded in the event of a default. So that way that would be the triggering event that would trigger that deed of trust being able to be recorded on the property. Okay. But in the meantime, it wouldn't be on there because that the first loan holder may not allow it. That may trigger, you know, a technical default on their loan. Possibly. Possibly. But there's ways around it. There's always ways around it. Trust me, there are always ways around it. So, it's just it's just looking at it creatively. And this is the creative financing game. But this I mean this is very interesting. things. So, just you understand the capital stack and how that money would come in and then understanding how like you said your bank accounts and all that other things on the on the deal. Um, yeah, the rentals. Gotcha. Okay, cool. Yeah, but a very interesting kind of uh deal. Very interesting kind of deal. Does anyone anybody want to partner with Bruce on it? Take it down. Sounds like it. &gt;&gt; Hey. Yeah, I would say chime chime in chime in on the chat on that one. &gt;&gt; Oh, I did have a win. You asked. I have a win. I had lunch with somebody who invested me on single family deals yesterday. He's a friend and he confirmed he confirmed that he's in for at least 100 grand with me on this. And he also uh said he may consider being a credit partner signer because he's worth like three, four, five million. &gt;&gt; Awesome. I love it. &gt;&gt; That's may open a door that's otherwise closed to me. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. I see Luis in here and a few others with their hands up. So, I'll touch on that. Luis, did you want to say anything or is it you just clapping? &gt;&gt; I was I was clapping. I was that that's the easiest. &gt;&gt; Cool. Then David asked a question on the deal analyzer. I don't understand why the formula for total equity C7 isn't simply the sum of down payment, repair costs, and closing costs. Uh down payment, repair cost. It should be uh is it calculating something different for you, David. I wonder if you have one of the older deal analyzers that the formula got uh corrected. So just FYI, and let me pull up what I'm talking about. I'll close out of this one. Let me show you what I'm referencing. Um because yeah, there was an error in the formula if you're looking at the one you're talking about. Um but that was uh fixed. Am I missing something here? Is it not opening? Doesn't like me. Hold on one second here. That's why I wasn't doing that. There we go. Cool. Let me pause that and I'll share this so you can kind of see it. Then I'm going to pull up the uh the big gahuna deal analyzer and we'll just kind of touch on that for a few minutes. This is when you guys get to that 50 plus unit property. Okay. Uh, but what you're referencing is this on the total equity formula. So, yes, what it's going to do is it's going to take the totals and subtract out the loan, add in your repair budget and your closing costs. And that's what it's doing with that, okay? To give you your equity because you're including your renovation dollars in your loan under that scenario. Okay? So, when you look at that, all it's doing is it's taking the purchase price, okay, adding in the repair budget, subtracting out the loan, and then your closing cost because closing costs are not uh covered in the loan typically. So, that's why it's coming here at the end of that formula. But that would get you the the raw number that you're referencing. Um, uh, David, it is in the the downloads for you in your portal in your portal. Um, but I think we have, if you'd like, David, drop in your email in here and I'll have the team shoot it off to you just via email as well. So, you'll have that, but it's in your it's in your portal. It's uploaded in there. Um, then John, good question here. You'd say, say they finance half, will they still want skin in the game of 20? No, it once again, it depends. It depends depends on the on the on the terms of the seller. If they're a sophisticated seller, the answer is yes. If they weren't mom and pop, right, they would probably want some skin in the game. Um, andor higher interest rate, one of the two. No different than a preferred equity guys. I mean, think about if if you had a sophisticated group that you went to and asked for $5 million on a bigger deal, they're not coming in at 7%. Right? So rather than them taking a piece of the upside, they're going to say, "Nope, our our our preferred return is 15%." So once you give us that, you can have everything else. And that's how they'll sit into the deal. So that's how that'll be put in place. Um, so yeah, you don't have to give them the upside, but it is negotiable. It is negotiable. In this case, it sounds like seller more mom and pop. They'd be fine with a 7%. And you could even tell them too if they're like, "Well, I want it in a loan format." You could say, "Okay, well great. I can give you a loan. I can give you a deed of trust. We just can't record it on the property unless there's a default. Meaning, if I don't pay you, then you can record it. So that way they're protected, right? It's a deed of trust. It's just not recorded on title. So you can give them that. So that way it gives them that security mentality of having an actual loan at 7%. Um, you can give them that. You can give them that. Uh, good questions on that though. Um, cool. And I know that, uh, a couple of you had questions on the waterfall, kind of like just understanding how this works and so forth. So, when you come in here, you know, everything in blue, you know, you edit. So, you'd have your splits. You know, I'm bringing in 10%, 90%'s coming from the equity partners and investors. You're going to be given a preferred return. If you scroll over this, it gives you some guidance kind of what their preferred return is going to be and then it goes to a split. So up until the point they get their return, they're getting 100%. Once you hit their return, then it's going to split at 7030, 6040, however you set it up, right? Probably one of those two. And then it's called a hurdle. So once the hurdle is met, then it drops to the next one, the next one. So we just had three hurdles in here to keep it simple. Realistically, you're only going to be in these two. And then it's just breaking it out. So here it's really just showing more of your uh preferred return until you're hitting it, right? So it's showing this contribution coming in and then distributions going out mainly to your limited partners. Okay? Mainly to your limited partners on the preferred return. Then once that's hit, now it's coming into the splits, right? Where it's showing some cash flow coming out both for u the general partners and for the limited partners. And then it comes to the total distributions here. So 7030 splits between the two and then it totals it all down here at the bottom. So, in this case on this deal, right, based on it, and and this is a little um um we could adjust this to where you'd probably want to set this up as got that that that probably get them at probably a little bit better if you set up your uh waterfall a little bit differently. like if they had a 7% pref on that and because ideally you'd like to have them see this right around 14 or or greater, right? So there may be an instance to where depending on how much money you have to bring in. So, if you change this, and I know I know why this is um why this is showing that much um because it would change. You'd want to split this out if you're only doing 30%. So, you bring in your 330. So, that would be that. Um get that because you could split a little bit better with them at like a 7525 if it makes sense to do that. Keep in mind, you're getting a piece of that anyways. and then you start to hit that and get to those numbers. So there's way there's ways to structure this to make that to where it's advantageous for the investor. Even if you gave them an 8% because keep in mind you're getting that too and stuff like that. Then you start getting closer to this number to where they're getting, you know, pretty good returns, nice cash on cash. The cash on cash is super healthy, right? It's giving you the percentages there. So when you go to like take this information and put it onto your pitch deck, this is giving you that guidance, you know, for these terms of, oh, your your projected returns annually are about 14% a year, equity multiple of 1.98, average cash on cash returns would be somewhere around 8.74. Like if you use Excel, if you actually grab these like this, Excel will give you the average right here. Just so you know, little little tweak in Excel, but you could just grab the numbers, it'll average it out for you. So that way you can tell investors, yeah, I mean, Bruce, yeah, what's your the cash on cash is averaging right around 8 to 9%. That's usually what you do is put it in a range. 8 to 9%, projected annual returns of 14 and an equity multiple of two. Meaning, if you give me 100 grand, I'm giving you 200 grand back. And timeline, you're looking at a three to five year hold. But based on this, right, based on this, what's really cool, because this is how you would run it is, let's say, um, did I we did we miss some? Oh, that's just the old one. That's why it didn't work. I was like, huh? What's What am I looking at? That's why I was like, holy cow, what happened to the numbers? Uh, when you look back at this one that Bruce was on, okay, moving that up, right? I mean, his his returns for his investors are are pretty healthy, right? If he comes in here and does a 7%. But that I you got to keep in mind I'm also having it I got to split this up in here because I have too much money down. Let's just presume for a minute um it's normal 30% because this is really what it needs to look like or 35 because that's what his investors are going to see. you know, now they're looking at 18% a year in pretty healthy percentages because the seller's the seller's making up the difference, right? When we look at this and we could split this out some more cuz remember he was at 60%. So, it was that. So, but from the investor standpoint, if I'm only having 35%. This is really what the investors are going to be uh seeing. So, super healthy returns. But what's cool about this one is let's say he takes it takes the rents from here moves it up to here in say 24 months. So let's fast forward 24 months from now and now the property looks like this. It looks like the proformer right here to where you took the NOI from 56,000 to $90,000. And this is in Georgia. So at $90,000 of NOI and let's just take a zero 6% cap rate, right? So this is my new value of 1.5. So I bought it for 960. I put 150 into it. I took it up to a million5. Now I'm going to go get a loan for about 70% of that. that times that. So now I'm going to go out and take out a million dollar loan. That million dollar loan is going to pay back this 444 because that's your first trust deed. It's going to pay off the seller their 300 and something thousand bucks that you gave to them plus their interest. See where I'm going with it? So you pay off the seller their amount. you pay off their interest because they're in it for and they had 07 on it. Let me just run these numbers so you understand what I'm talking about. So in two years they're going to make the seller is going to make 50 grand on their 362. So they're going to get that plus that 412,000. So, you're going to pay off that, pay off that, and then you are going to have another 200 and something thousand, almost $300,000 to pay yourself back. So, you're almost going to be on house money because you only have 300 something,000 in it, but you're going to get 300 something,000 out of the cash out refinance 24 months from now. Are you tracking that? Does anybody have questions on that? Or is that is that computing? Because you're because your value on this thing is a million5. You're getting a million one loan or call it a million50,000 loan. That loan is going to pay off the first trusted. It's going to go pay off your seller of 412,000 bucks. And then the leftover is 200 grand. So, and you only have right you had was it 400 and something thousand in it or was it Why am I missing that? Was it 30%? Yeah, 390. You had 390 in it and you're going to pay off 200 of that 390 and that goes back to you and your investors. So now you only have $190,000 in the deal. It's pretty cool. And now your cash flow on that thing even better because now any any money you pay your investors is only on the outstanding balance that they have in the deal. So now your cash flows for you because now you're the general partner. They go up because now you've returned the money to the investors. You've given them returns. Now it's all you know free candy and and you used everybody else's money to do it. So uh two quick questions then we'll finish up. I know Liam has a question and then Luis. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So my quick question I understood all of this. That is fantastic. It if you scroll up just a little bit when you were talking about uh maybe it's on the Oh, right here. Yeah. Where you put the down payment when you changed that for showing your investors. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You would I'm just wanted to clarify. You're changing that to show your investors because that's So what I would do &gt;&gt; seller financing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So what I would do is I would actually modify this deal analyzer &gt;&gt; to break out the seller financing amount for my investors. Right now I'm just &gt;&gt; I'm plugging it in here to &gt;&gt; make it the difference. But realistically from your investor standpoint &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; because 30% of that's from the seller and then you're the other 30%. &gt;&gt; Yep. Okay. &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; I that's what I did. I just changed that so you could see it. &gt;&gt; So you could see what you would show them their returns are. &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah. But I would probably break this out and create another line item in here. &gt;&gt; So that way I could show the seller financing amount &gt;&gt; separate separate. &gt;&gt; Yep. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That that was my that was my only question. Everything else was very clear. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. because you could even come in here if you wanted to uh any of you and because you have this uh deal analyzer, you could actually come in here and change this line item and you could create a new line item in here because you don't really need that GRM one. That's kind of an extra. So, you could actually make this and change this of that. Something like that. Um, [Music] &gt;&gt; see what I'm talking about there. Yep. &gt;&gt; And then you could you can mess around with these formulas and stuff. So, you know what we could probably do? Um, and I'll have the team do this just for &gt;&gt; it'll be a very simple version of it. I just didn't want to confuse people obviously when they were starting off to learn these things. I don't want to like overwhelm people with all these you know creative but it is important because seller financing is probably going to happen &gt;&gt; a lot &gt;&gt; on probably h you know almost half your deals. &gt;&gt; It's a lot &gt;&gt; almost half your deals. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So to see how this all comes together. Uh and we can keep going over it you know on next meetings too to kind of show hey like you know this is how it works. this is how you structure it, you know, and every every seller financing deal is different, right? Depending on what they want and the sophistication of them and blah blah blah. So, it just depends. It is a case- by case basis. But I think the key component is understanding what they call the capital stack. So, when you hear that terminology, what they're saying is, hey, how is the total amount of money stacked in the deal from loan to anybody else? what they call preferred money, preferred equity money and then what they call common equity. So this would typically be called preferred. This is common. That would be like the terminology used for those two. So uh Luis, &gt;&gt; what's up Justin? Uh thanks so much. Thorough explanation as always. Can you give us one thing to like flag or to look out for where the deal doesn't go as planned? Just something that we can like that's on our radar. Yeah, I think the key component to it all is, you know, just double-checking your numbers and trusting your numbers and not trying to pigeon hole a deal into a round hole and it's a square peg because that I mean it it's it's common to do that because you know you just you're like, "Oh man, but let me tweak this and maybe we get this and maybe we make that happen." And so too much speculation starts to happen and we've all been guilty of it. So that is hands down the biggest thing to not do because that's the only like I say the only way you lose ever ever if you think about this from like a high level. The only way you ever lose in real estate is if you're forced to sell the property when you don't want to. Meaning if you get into a bad market and because of the way you put it together and financed it, you can't hold on to it. You're like, "Shit, we got to sell it." You're selling it when you don't want to, which means the market's going to hammer you. Versus if I can hold on to it, I'm always going to win. I don't care if I have to hold it for 10 years. As long as it's paying for itself, who cares, right? I mean, that's the worst case scenario is that you have to hold it longer than you want, but at least you're not losing money. Does that make sense? Because that's really what real estate's all about. It's just not overleveraging. And then people also worry like are the investors not if I don't show them great returns. What investors care about most is is actually safety first. &gt;&gt; Consistency. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Safety first. So if you actually explain to them, listen, I understand that you're only looking at 13 14% a year projected returns. But understand that's because we're putting 40% down. And the reason we're doing that, John, in this market is to protect your money to delever the deal. So we don't we're not speculating. So, if anything changes in this market, we're in a good position. We can actually get out of this deal and not lose our ass. People respect that, right? Even though the returns aren't, you know, all speculative, they're knowing, okay, I can sleep at night a little bit better. Like, we're in a good position. We're not overleveraging. Got a lot of equity in it. We can pay the debt. We can pay our problems and our expenses, and we can move forward even if the markets change on us. &gt;&gt; Thank you. And &gt;&gt; that's probably more important than anything. anything because the people that are losing their ass right now are the people that overleveraged, put bad financing and debt on there and they can't get out of it. So now what's happening? They're forced to sell. They're forced to make a move. They're forced to lose it. I mean, it's happening all over the place right now in the commercial space. So yeah. &gt;&gt; Awesome, everybody. Um well, yeah. So, what I'll do is I'll have the team actually come in here and we'll tweak up a little formula for you on this simple uh one. And then before we finish, I don't want to create like 400 other questions, but I'll send this in here is um see if this opens up for us. Let me do this one. that trying to open up it's not wanting to open right now. I don't know if my Give it one more try here and see what happens. I was going to open up the the big one real quick and just kind of peruse through it for whatever reason. It's my Google Drive. It's trying to open it. Oh, yeah. It's trying to. Yeah, it's trying to do it now. I don't know why it's so slow on it, but I think it's trying. I think because my Google Drive is syncing a lot of stuff right now, it's real slow. So, maybe that could be causing some of the issues. So, I apologize for that. Um, I'll give it one more second here and if not then, um, we'll bring it up and I'll show it. But, we're putting together a video for you guys right now, too, uh, where I'm actually going through it and plugging in the numbers for the larger Proform. And this is ideal for 50 plus unit deals. And then you'll see all the the additional variables like on the one that you've been seeing much simpler in terms of the inputs. On the bigger one, there's just a lot more variables that you can input based on scenarios, right? because things get a lot more creative on the bigger deals. So, a lot more things you can input to tweak to get to the the numbers you're looking at. So, it's just, you know, but once you've seen it, once you understand the basic, it's easier to see the big one and then it's just knowing how to input numbers to it. So, &gt;&gt; cool. &gt;&gt; Um, but yeah, it doesn't look like it wants to open. It's going to take forever. So, my apologies on that. Uh, one thing real quick on the uh, so Thursday we will not have a class. I'm going to actually be in a mastermind for business uh on Thursday morning. But what we are doing because I was talking about for the folks that we are having deals and stuff segmenting like a Saturday morning. So I did want to put this out there for everybody. Let me know. Oh, actually it just opened it. I have like two seconds. I'll show you. One second. Okay. So just so you know, you have all these different tabs, right? Lots of tabs. Lots of tabs. Um, I don't know why I don't want to annotate anything. I want you to move so I can actually come through this thing. Um, I need to delete this thing. How do I get that out of the way? Oh, there we go. So, I need to get to that. It should have all of our other pieces in here. So, preferred equity sensitivity analysis. Don't if your head's blown off your shoulder, don't worry about it. It's okay. Um, but you'd have your inputs here, right? And then you'd actually input your your profit and loss statement here, your rent rolls in here, and it'll take it and analyze it all and bring it all together for you. But it's going to give you a nice little summary perform on it, break it all out, give you your waterfalls for your investors, give you all these sensitivity charts like, hey, what if this happens? What if this happens? What if this happens? What if this happens? What if this happens? All that stuff. And then if you did bring in a preferred equity partner and all these other pieces of the puzzle, you know how this would look and it breaks everything down. So, we'll put together a video on this one walking through it. It'll probably like an hourong video. So, you know, it's just something you could fast forward and and um reverse through, but that way you'll actually see us inputting a deal step by step into this bigger one for you guys. So, uh, but in September is when we're going to start that. So, we looking at I think it was. I want to say it was going to be the 13th or was it the 6th? Ah, I believe it was the 6th. The the 6th of uh September was going to be our first little one. And I'll let I'll send it out to everybody. Um, and then it'll be it'll be reserved for people that are in deals or getting into deals like right at that point. So that way there's some extra things that we're dealing with, right? Uh, you're you're you're past the finding and analyzing part. Now you're into like deal structure, closing, and management. And we're going to focus on those three segments. If you have a deal or if you're in the middle of a deal, that one will be for Saturday mornings. And we'll start rotating those uh every week as well. So that'll break that out an additional uh class with you guys to go through that. yourself. All right, everybody. Have a great rest of your evening and we'll see you soon. See everybody?