What is up everybody? Come on in. Happy Thursday. How is everybody doing? Let me put in the chat. Hello. Hello. See who's all coming in. Good to see you, Chad. Haim Rex, good to see you. Julian, Miss Rose, Rose, love your buy box, Rose. actually we're going to talk about that today. So, I'm super stoked you uh put that into the community chat. So, love that. Sujit, good to see you. David, you as well, sir. Christian, who else we got here? Mr. Bruce. Bruce, good to see you. Fighting the good fight. I love it. Um, hey, hey everybody. Good. Um, yeah. So, a couple things we're going to talk about today and then I wanted to open it up to review a couple deals that you guys are looking at or going over specific questions on some deals or situations. So, you know, definitely raise your hand and I'll bring you up and we can chat through that. Um, but number one is kind of your buy box. You know, some of you saw Rose, she put hers in there. Um, you guys have ours with the Brennan Polley group, but to kind of double up on that, I'll put that in the chat as well again, but it's in your back end. So that way you guys even know kind of our buy box and you know how ideally the things we like to partner on or if we're out there looking and stuff like that. But it's important that you have it for yourself and for call it your company, your multif family company, which you already know what it is, right? I'm looking for 10 to 30 unit apartment buildings between ideally 50,000 to 150,000 a unit and you know B and C class between 1960 to probably 2000 age range. I mean that's kind of like your main buy box. Um and when you're buying at 50,000 to 150,000 a door I mean you can do the math. I mean if you did a 30 unit property at 100 grand that's 3 million. And the reason why you want it at that amount or less is simply the capital gain because if you went and put a loan on that, right, a 70% loan on a $3 million property, that's $2.1 million. So then now the down payment, right, the remaining that has to come in is under a million dollar. That's $900 grand. Ideally, you want your capital raise, the money that you're going to be getting from other people ideally to be under a million dollars. To be under a million dollars. Um, so let me put this up in there. So you guys have our buy box as well. Um, I know it's in the back end, but I'll double up and put it in the chat. So that is the Brennan Pulley groups buy box. Just put that up in the WhatsApp for everybody in there. Um, does that make sense? You know, thumbs up if that makes sense. And then what I'm going to do too, so you because you guys have a link to create your own, but let me go ahead and share the link here for it. And a private link copied to the clipboard. Let me make sure anyone with the link has access can edit. And you'll want to make a copy of this, but I'm going to put this in the chat. There we go. There. So, that's coming in. So, you'll see that link and I'll put it here in the chat, too. So, that way you have it. Um, so there's your Canva link. Um, and I just put that in the WhatsApp. Um, yeah, Rex, good question here. Um, I think that it was your AI chiming in. Um, good. Let me just answer that. Awesome. Okay. Yeah. So, the buy box side of it and why this is so important is because you could send this out to a broker and or anybody that you're talking to about multifamily. So, I see that, you know, Rose did that for hers, which is great, you know, but this is kind of what it is. I mean, it has a little bit of an about page, right? It's a it's a single page, very simple, and you can see that it's visually appealing, right? Icons and simple stuff that you could share with somebody when they're asking you, "What type of stuff do you buy?" Well, here you go. This pretty much fits our buy box, which is right in line with the metrics that we teach you, right? Ideally, 15 plus percent, you know, 14 to 20 plus percent on the returns, 6 to 10% cash on cash or greater, 1.8 equity multiple or greater. And these are kind of the value ad metrics that, you know, you know, we're looking for. and you come down here, certain states and things. We need to update this map, but um that'll give you an idea of the states that we've been focusing in, but there's more in there now. So, any questions on this for the buy box side of it? What I would love, and this is homework for everybody in here, and we'll put it in the chat. I want everybody, if you haven't already done your buy box, um to complete this, right? Complete this. I mean, it's technically I don't know if it's a step on your um your road map. I'll have to double check that. Probably should be. We may want to add it on there as a step to the road map to kind of complete this as you're starting up. This would be kind of like your um it probably be in your business in a box section around starting your company and the admin side of it, but adding this buy box in. So that way you have a very clear vision on what you're investing in, what your plan is, and what maybe what states and stuff like that. Um, let me put that real quick here. Cool. Everybody's quiet. Does anybody want to chat today or everybody want to be quiet and just watch? Any specific deals that we want to go over that I can help analyze? I was looking at a handful of them um just the other day when they were coming in. Let me pull up a couple that were coming through here real quick. So, one second. And then would you guys also like me to go over uh the real estate radar and logging into that again and kind of walking through the real estate radar, which is the software that you get um uh for finding deals directly to the owners, right? not to the brokers but to the owners. Uh Christian, you said, "What states would you recommend on looking into for buying multif family properties?" Uh red or purple, red or purple. Uh you want a swing state or you want a red state. I mean that and the reason why is just landlord tenant laws. You want those landlord tenant laws to be fair, right? I'm not asking them to be one way or and you want the the business climate to be reasonable. Um, so that way you're not crazy high taxed, right? You're trying to stay out of the crazy high tax states, you know, because they will eat you alive. And those states tend to be more capital intensive where the model really doesn't work as well because once again, remember, you're buying between 50,000 a unit up to about 150,000 a unit. So that way, you know, under $3.5 million on a property would be ideal. under three million and ideally 2.8 or below. I mean, that's probably your ideal price point is under $3 million on your purchase. Because if you do that, you just back into the money side of it that we talked about. And if you're buying say a $2.5 million property, you know, that's a million7 loan, million750 loan. you know, that's leaving $750,000 in down payment. So, that's $75,000, 10% comes from you. Then you get an acquisition fee on a $2.5 million property. You're going to get almost a $50,000 acquisition fee at least, right? So, $50,000 acquisition fee with $75,000 coming in. You're only $25,000 out of pocket and you have control of a multi-million dollar asset. right from day one. So that's why you know that $3 million three and a half million would probably be the peak and it's right in alignment 50,000 to 150,000 per unit. So if you were on a 30 unit property I think that put you higher than that. Yeah, about 4 and a.5 million. Uh but yeah, if you were but yeah, I would stay at three and a half and below. Does that make sense? Cool. Yeah, we'll go over the real estate radar. I'll pull that up and we'll walk kind of through that so you can make the best use of it. Also, in your backend, just so you know, let me pull this up, but there's a handful of how-to videos uh that we have in there, and I'll pull these up right now so we can go I'll share them so you have them. Um, copy this. So, this is one video. All these videos I'm sharing with you right now are already in your back end. So, if you click on that thumbnail in your portal, real estate radar. You click on that, open it up. Inside there, you're going to see links to these videos. There's a link to how-to videos. If you click that, it's going to open up to these videos that I'm sharing right now, right in your back end. Um, there's another one in here. Some other ones. One second. I'll share this one. Make sure we got that &gt;&gt; there and then I'll I'll open it up and we'll go through it. Yes, there's more coming. Um, let me pull up the page in there. I'll share the page that way you have access to that. Stand by. Give me 30 more seconds. It's coming. So, this page is in your back end right here. So, that's the page on the how-to videos. Okay, for all of you on the real estate radar, there's four videos in there that handle the top four things that you know you need to navigate through for real estate radar. So, you'll see those videos in there that I'm going over step by step with you. Uh, and I'll pull them up right now and we can actually watch them and it'll kind of help go through it and then we can Q&amp;A from there. Um, but before I do that, is there any deals that we should go over with real quick? I'm pulling up one here because I wanted to focus on that. Um, where did it go? I highlighted it cuz I wanted to go over that one. I think it was this one in Cleveland from Haim was your your deal that I was looking at. Um, and then Kevin was too. Let's take a Wow, that seems crazy high. But let's let's take a peek at that one. That's wild. You said it's more mom and pop seller, but let's um let's look at it. This is interesting. Uh Johnny, should we already have access to Loom? No, Loom is free. You don't need any access to Loom. Uh, you should just be able to click on it. Should open up the video. You can set up a free account with Loom, I'm sure. Um, but no, you can click on that link, Johnny. It should open up the how-to video page. That page is in your back end under the real estate radar thumbnail where this link I'm sharing in the chat right now is already there. It's already there. Um, and I'll put this inside the WhatsApp as well for all of you. Um. Oops. Not that. Not that. There we go. So, that's inside the WhatsApp chat for everyone there. Um, Christian, good question. Justin on this page, if you have only your LLC in Wyoming, what do you put as your address for the details? So, great question. It actually came up from uh someone else, too. So, when you're filling out your LLC, you have the physical address, which is in Wyoming, right? That's by your agent of service, and they give you that address for their agent of service in Wyoming. For your mailing address or other addresses, you can put a PO box. That's what we use. We have a PO box that we send everything to and that's the address that we put on for the company, but the physical address is in Chennai, Wyoming. So, that's the physical and then mailing address and anything else you can put as a PO box. Um, that would be my recommendation. If you don't have a PO box, probably a good idea to get one, but you can have it to your house. Technically, it doesn't really matter, but if you want to kind of like be more private, put it to a PO box. Yeah. And then let me share this. Um, so this is the one of the deals that uh, Haim has sent in. This one's in Cleveland. Uh, 20 unit property, 14 onebedrooms and two I'm sorry, six twobedrooms. Nice looking property, by the way. Um, Him, did you want to chat about this one? Since I know you're in here, I can bring you up and chat. It's going to send you a message. I'm just going to allow you to talk if you want to come on. You can. If not, it's okay. Uh little three-story building, old, you know. So, Cleveland's on, you know, an old town. A lot of old buildings and stuff going on there. Um but it talked about the parking spaces. It's got some some laundry in there for other income. Here's some of the photos. I love this original wood they have in these buildings. So sweet because you can refinish these things. It's like amazing wood. It's so like solid. I mean, these buildings are built like tanks. So, it's, you know, structurally the buildings are great in Cleveland for the most part. You just need to double check the systems, right? Your plumbing, electrical, you know, any boilers, anything like that. That's just it's just old, you know, you know, 1920s, 40s, 50s stuff that Yeah. I mean, it's but the buildings themselves are they're classic and they were probably built better then than they are now in some cases. Some of the upgrades they're talking about in here, 20 units been completely renovated uh over the last 5 years. Electrical system, cool. Upgraded. Like that. Plumbing has also been updated throughout the building. Important. Roof has received professional maintenance and improvements. Important. Um, all electric heating system. That's actually good because the tenants are going to pay that. Uh, lead certified. That's very important in Cleveland. If any of you know, if you're in kind of the Ohio area, but Cleveland specifically, they're very big on the leadbased paint thing. There's a certification that you got to do every, I think, couple years on it. Um, all windows updated to code. This is another important thing because as you you may or may not know where a lot of paint tends to chip on a building is around the windows, especially if you have old windows. Hence the leadbased paint problem. So if you can imagine chipping paint and lead based paint around windows, that's why they're so adamant around maybe even changing the windows and upgrading them to vinyl, which you can see I believe they have done. Yeah, these are all vinyl windows, which is good because that means that you you kind of bypassed all that BS. So, they put some money into this thing. Um, water bill is $1,200 a month. That's it. That's good. I would double check on this insurance. I mean, that's great if they can get it that cheap, but I would definitely be checking in on it. Property check taxes are 20 $23,000 a year. Um, then it's giving you tenant information. So, this is kind of the rent roll and that stuff. So, some basic information and then you can take that and you're going to plug it into the analyzer which is here. So, you know, let's say the property was unpriced for a minute, right? Because I don't think did they have a a price on that thing? Um, Pam, or is it unpriced? I don't mean I don't see a price on it. Maybe there's a price that you know about. Um, but let's say it was unpriced. We didn't even know what the price was. Uh, then we're going to go ahead and put in all the information, right? We're going to take the units here. Is it 20 or 21? Looked like it was maybe there's another unit in there. Oh, is that retail? What is that? Um, is that a retail space? I think that's the one with the retail you were talking about. Um, but it doesn't look like it's got retail. Uh, that's interesting. Let me take a peek at this real quick. Um because on the rent rolls and stuff I see it's just here you got your um so bringing this up you have your current rents right all here target rents which would be future proforma you know so these are all in here so your ranging um and I don't show 21 units is this the Okay. Yeah. Parkhurst 20 units 14 one bedrooms six. So I'm not sure what that other space is. Maybe I'm missing something in there. Um so h if you're in here chat in otherwise I'm going to adjust this thing here a little bit. Um because yeah your rents current on your ones uh office unit. Got it. But they're getting 14,000 a month for the office unit. Um, one maintenance office unit. M. Oh, but that's just a maintenance office unit. I don't think they're getting income from it. Um, yeah, I'm not seeing any income from it. So, I would be using the 20 units. So, I mean, I got to pull that out here. Um, and the target rents are $850ish to 950 for the for the twos and they're getting um I don't know what the square footage on the two bedrooms is, but I'll use 900 square ft for the two-bedroom, one baths for a minute. Um, monthly rent. I don't know what was putting in here, but yeah, your monthly rents are averaging out around your two bedrooms. It looks like 2900 is what it looks like on average for your two bedrooms currently. Currently, between 850ish to 900. So, let me average that out. I'll just take 900. So, we'll do oops. Gotcha. Bigger. So, we'll do 875 there going up to 950. And then yeah, your onebedrooms are kind of in that 750 range it looks like on average. 7 to 7 kind of 7 I'll say 750. That's what it looks like. Um so let's pull that off and come over here. So, I plugged in a couple of the numbers in here and um you know, 1920s building, you know, they got the he's got his utilities. Yeah. I mean, I know they're low and stuff for what they're showing on the um the flyer and stuff. We'd probably want to get more data, but this is probably in alignment. I mean, you're right there. So, I'd be double-checking some of the stuff around the insurance numbers. Seems a little low. Um, because yeah, 1920s building, but it's in fair condition. But yeah, you're going to be somewhere in there. You're in the pocket zone because if I scroll over this, you see, you know, an older building, it's going to be between 40 to 50%. I mean, you're in that pocket, so it could work. Could work. Uh, interest rates fine what he has here. And I just don't have the price in there yet. We're going to back into it. I would probably run I mean because right now they're running it 1, two, three. They got three three units vacant. Uh currently, you know, so they're at 85% occupied right now with three units vacant. So I definitely wouldn't be using 8%. Right? Okay. I mean, I'd be using probably somewhere between, you know, 12%ish because I have to account for other things. Bad debt, loss to lease, concessions, things like that. So, it's going to be between 10 to 15%. On your on your your vacancy credit loss number down here. I mean, right now they have three vacant. So, that puts the property, you know, 17 over 20, that's at 85% occupied. So, you know, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt a little bit and run better, but yeah, let's say 12%. The other income, I'd want to see what where in the world the other income's coming from because that seems really high for a um 20 unit building. So, I'd want to really understand this number here. And I don't have enough data right now on this. Um, so I'm going to back off of this cuz this seems off, but let's go ahead and put a price in here. Let's say that um we don't know what they're asking, but I'm going to back into some numbers. So, let's start at a million5. Okay, so that's going to be around $50,000 a unit. And you can see like that doesn't work, right? These numbers don't work. When I come down here with all else being equal, expenses and everything, probably keep this at 250, all these expenses in place, you know, it's a little high now on that number there, but let's back into it. That's because of the other income number. So, you're probably, let's call it 5,000. Um, and I'll have to just back into this number and then we'll got to we're going to verify it because that 40,000 seems really high for other income on a on a 20 unit apartment building. So, I'd want to see where that's coming in at because that's going to dictate a lot because if they were down to a million two, then the deal is going to make some sense, right? I mean, this is really starting to pencil out. Um, current cap rate at 67. Uh, that's an alignment, right? based on net operating income. Um, but you know, I need some more data from this that we'll get from from him um before we can fully analyze it. Um, are you in here by chance? I see you in here. Oh, no. Looks like he popped off. So, but yeah, that's how I'd kind of back into this thing if it was unpriced. I mean, and you're probably not going to see that, but you'll let's say you're probably at a million 250 is probably what they're they're probably asking a million 3 million 350 and it would make sense right around here, right? Like this would start to make some good sense, some really solid sense with all these other numbers in place. So, you know, who knows what they want, but you know, somewhere between a million 250 and a million three you could probably pay. If I backed into that, like these numbers are still pretty healthy. And then I'd want to change this cap rate to probably 6.5%. Across the board, that's going to adjust some things here. Everything else is fine. Um, I'd probably adjust this down to to the 12. So now you see how it's changing things a bit, right? Okay. When I get the numbers in alignment is now um all right. I put the cap rate and this is probably really I'm probably being optimistic a little bit if I ran it even at seven on an exit cap rate. Right. That's you know I'd probably want to run it somewhere in there to see where this thing really pencils out. Right. These numbers aren't bad but your irr is low but everything else is in alignment. It's close. So, you're probably at like a million two. A million two because now this thing is starting to hum with proper numbers here. And then I can come over to the waterfall tab. I'd probably set this at an 8020, meaning 20% to me as the general partner, 80% going to the investors. Everything else is fine in here. 6% preferred return. Um, I don't know how he's breaking up his money there. Maybe he's bringing it all in, but if you're doing it, you know, under the syndication model, you know, you'd have that. So, um, where you're bringing in 40k, syndicating the rest, and then coming in. But yeah, you're in your you're, um, your investors are going to make 14% two on the equity multiple. Here's kind of their cash flows, which is pretty healthy. this deal could raise money. So, pretty simply put, you buy this thing at a million two based on all the other numbers we know. This thing will work with current interest rates and everything else, this thing will work and produce returns healthy enough to attract money in investors and get them a nice return, get you a nice return because you're going to be earning, you know, 25% a year on your money. Plus, this that's just the general partner side. Keep in mind, you also get your piece of this as the limited partner. You get to double dip the deal because your money, your 40 grand that's coming into the deal, your 40 grand that you're putting in, you're actually buying shares, ownership shares in your own deal as a limited partner in your own deal. You are your own investor. Okay, does that make sense? Thumbs up if that makes sense. Oh, hey, you're back in here. Uh, I think I gave you access to chat. Uh, if you want to come on here, I'll let me do it again and you can see if we can chat. Are you there or are you not able to chat? I'll try and give you talking access. You're here. Okay. Uh the big things I had questions on him is you had uh a bunch of money in the other income for 40 grand. Where where did that come from? That's number one. Number two, you had uh a unit down here on your unit mix that I didn't I didn't see it on the the flyer or anything. You had an extra unit down here that was getting like $14,000 in um in I don't know if it's annual rent or monthly rent, but I was trying to understand that on this deal. Those are the two things, the two big things that I saw. So if you're not able to talk, then maybe uh yeah, I gave you access to to chat. Should be giving you access sending you to to talk. &gt;&gt; Do you hear me now? &gt;&gt; We got you. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Hi. So, um I just joined. I didn't know you you were looking at my deal. So, um some of the numbers were did change. So, I don't know why you have a price of 1.2. It's now we're going to be getting it for a million 90,000. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um, it's just 20 units. So, a few numbers. &gt;&gt; So, is this accurate then? &gt;&gt; So, this is accurate. What I did is that the I got a updated rent roll. So, the numbers that are here are not updated. So, what I did is I took out all the current rents and I just put the total of what they're getting currently. Right. So, okay. So, this is what they're currently getting here and then where you could probably get them to. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then what else changed? So, the so the other income was just by default 40k. That was a mistake that we had to change. Um, right now it's it's just 12,000 and I think it's also mistake. So, a total of 12,000 other income. And And where is that coming from? &gt;&gt; So, the broker So, the broker is telling us that there is $12,000 coming in from laundry. $1,000 a month. Now, that does not seem to be possible from 20 units. You got $1,000 from coin. &gt;&gt; That doesn't make sense. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, it's probably &gt;&gt; perspective, &gt;&gt; you know, &gt;&gt; it's $50 a month per unit. &gt;&gt; No, I know. I'm just saying um Yeah. If they have a laundry coin laundry mat system on a 20 unit complex, they're probably getting, you know, a couple hundred bucks a month. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I was thinking that the broker had a mistake and it's $1,000 a year, not $1,000 a month. So, he told me he'll double check on that. But, I mean, that obviously makes a big difference on the deal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and another issue here is that they told me that the reason he's the seller selling it is because they're trying to get into another deal. They have a 1031. So, they have a very tight timeline. If they can't sell it by that time, then they're just going to keep it. So, they're trying to get me to do a very quick closing. They want me to do hard money and then refinance and like then the the the theft will obviously be very expensive. Um but we can obviously refinance afterwards, &gt;&gt; right? So what I So just to kind of confirm on these numbers because we don't know what they are. I just put in a placeholder here of 5,000 bucks, but you're telling me it's is all the other income coming from laundry? &gt;&gt; Yeah, they don't have anything else. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. So there's &gt;&gt; but I would change I'm sorry the at the current I would change the vacancy. I would the current 15,750 already includes two vacant units. So for the current I would take it out. I would just leave it in the performer. &gt;&gt; Right. So the way that we handle that is you you go ahead and you put in all as though it's fully occupied and then down here you would take out you know. So technically currently &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Currently, they're probably running at around 18%. Okay. Because they're they have three vacant units. That's 15. Plus, I'm going to give them another. &gt;&gt; It's just it's it's just two two vacant units. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, there's two now. Got it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Let's And the Cleveland average is about five six%. So, I don't know if the performer should be 12 considering that the market the performer rents are very &gt;&gt; I would probably want to look at some historic. Yeah, I probably I listen I would never underwrite a property in the Midwest for less than 10%. Keep in mind this is credit loss, not just physical vacancy. &gt;&gt; We're I'm including four things in this number. Physical vacancy, loss to lease, bad debt, any concessions that I'm having to give in the market to get people there to move in. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; All four of those. &gt;&gt; So that's what this number includes. It's credit loss. It's not just vacancy. &gt;&gt; Okay? So, I would never just use You're going to be at least 10%. I guarantee it &gt;&gt; with 100% accuracy. You'll be at least 10% economic loss in the Midwest. &gt;&gt; Bare minimum. &gt;&gt; Even if the performer rents are extremely low because I know I have a duplex a few blocks away from this property. &gt;&gt; Well, duplex is going to be different because that's &gt;&gt; I know. I I know. I know. But here, how how different it is. The twobedroom over there is getting me 1,300. &gt;&gt; So, I know this is in a building. So, I wouldn't expect 13, but maybe even just 11. I think 950 is extremely conservative. &gt;&gt; Sure. But you have to build in I mean, they have two vacants and they had three vacants. And I understand that's for a period of time and then they get turned over, but you have to account for that, right? That you're going to have a period of time where you're going to have at least one to two vacant, right, &gt;&gt; on average. So, if you if you have two vacant, right, that's just that alone. If you're at 18 divided by 20, you know, that's 10% vacancy with two units. So, you have to presume that you're going to have at least one. &gt;&gt; So, you're already over that 5%. Right. Just based on the unit count. &gt;&gt; So, that's why you we'll account for this. It's just it's it's smart to do that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then your other income is going to be $1,200. The broker smoking some good crack. I'd like to know what they're on. Uh, so when they come back and they give you the real numbers and they tell you, "Oh, you know, really, sorry. You know, it's we're only making 200 bucks a month in the laundry, but it's probably not even that." But let's say it is, then okay, we'll give you 2,400 bucks. If that's the only way they're making other income, then that's that. &gt;&gt; But, and then you're also going to want to look into maybe a rubs program on the utilities down the road. So yeah, I think they said that the that the all the electric is separately metered and they pay for that and this 15,000 is just for water, &gt;&gt; right? So you should be able to do rubs, reimburseables for the water, &gt;&gt; even just for water. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yep. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Well, there's something else about this deal that you would really really not like. Um, as I said, they're trying to move quickly. They said they would give me just 30 days to close and they want to do like five or seven day due diligence considering I can get everything on time only if I can actually get everything on time. Now technically I have all the capital lined up because I spoke with a few people that told me if I wouldn't do it as a syndication just as even partnership for how much they put in. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; And they would be ready. &gt;&gt; Yeah. which you could you could come in here like you did I know you had 100% in there right so you had that &gt;&gt; so we just look at it as a as a regular partnership &gt;&gt; yeah correct it's basically you um so but yeah at a million 90,000 you know you're putting 30% down &gt;&gt; so they told me they would be able to equity is tight so they told me they'll be able to bring the price up and give me some credits at closing they told me we can close it if I bring to the table 275. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. Well, you're at 327 here, but yeah. Okay. If you're at 25, whatever. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, 25% down and bring the price up and give me some credits. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, then uh and this is 20 units. Um all this is fine. What kind of And then have you talked to the lender yet? &gt;&gt; So, that's obviously the thing. If we have to They told me just 30 days. Is it possible to get DSCR lending in 30 days for a building? &gt;&gt; No, it'll take you 30 to 45 just for the appraisal. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, &gt;&gt; which is why which is why the only way you're closing in 30 days is if you're all cash &gt;&gt; or if we do bridge or or whatever, &gt;&gt; which which I wouldn't do. Like I wouldn't let them pigeon hole me, you know, into that because it's going to cost you a ton of money to do a bridge financing. Just points, fees, prepayment penalties if there are any. you know, you're going to be at 9 10% interest rate and there'll be a minimum interest period. Well, they'll charge you interest regardless for at least a year. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; so my question is, if that is my only way getting this deal at all, is it worth it and not make any money the first year, but then refinance after moving the rents up into a regular good rate? You want to put in um let's say 9% and let's see how much what it gets us. Well, you're going to have to bring it, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you have to bring your money down to get the loan. &gt;&gt; Hard hard money also requires 1.25. &gt;&gt; No, not necessarily, but you're going to have to feed you're going to have to pay you're going to have to &gt;&gt; pay out of pocket for the &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're you have to pay for the debt, right? You got to service the debt. So, what this is going to require is just more money down &gt;&gt; that and then you'll get I mean you'll get there at some point, but the interest rate's going to kill you, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So, um you you need to get out of that debt as soon as you can to acquire it and then even them though, I don't even think they I mean you you'd have to tee up that that lender that hard guy right now because they're going to want to do an appraisal. Um they're going to want to do all this stuff and that that that's going to take 20 30 days. Um, I mean trying the only &gt;&gt; even for hard money they hard money advertise they can close within 7 to 12 days or whatever &gt;&gt; on if if it's a fix and flip, but not if you're doing multif family. They're not going to close that fast. Not unless they do hard money all the time on a building of this size. Right? If you're buying a a forplex, a duplex, single family, stuff like that, then yes, because it's much easier for them to understand the valuation, right? because it's based on comparables. They can just run, you know, just basic analysis and pull that up. &gt;&gt; But when they want to establish, you know, where they're going to be at on the property, they're going to do a full-blown appraisal. They have to hire an appraiser. They got to get out there. That appraiser is going to take some time, and it'll at least take them two to three weeks minimum, and then they have to finalize the underwriting, get everything set. I mean, so yeah, I don't know how you're closing in 30 days. And and what is the reasoning for it? So, they're saying that the the the current owner bought it prior to co for 600. Um, they're making nice money. They technically don't have to sell it. They have another property they want to do 1031, but they have a deadline of that. So, if they can get it on time, they would love to do it. If not, they'll just keep it. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. It seems like a strong arm to me. Um, it means like they're hiding some and they don't want you to see that So therefore, they want you to move at light speed and miss some &gt;&gt; That's what it sounds like. &gt;&gt; And it's working on me because I'm getting very emotional when it's because you're like, "Oh, I mean, you're I mean, you're looking at, you know, some data and you're like, okay." Um, but yeah, I mean, if I mean, can you close in 45 or 60? Yeah. you know, can you do a faster due diligence? Yeah, but you're still going to need at least 45 days minimum. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; so if I'm getting you right, this is a great deal, but if there's no way of getting more than 30 days, I shouldn't even consider it, &gt;&gt; right? Because it's it's backing you into a position, especially on your first deal, h where you don't have the luxury of effing this up, &gt;&gt; right? This is very important that you know this work. And it can work. I mean, the deal makes sense. The problem is not the deal, but if they're trying to strongarm the timeline, then it's it just makes it like, you know, tough. Um, so then what I I mean, let me ask you a question. When do they when's an absolute drop dead date? Do they have any other offers on it currently? &gt;&gt; They told me they do have two other offers at full asking. Their asking price is 1.15. That's what they listed it for, but they're giving it for a million 90 if we could do um hard money. Those offers are for DSCR and they really don't want to do it because they don't want to sell it at this time. It was already under contract for 1.25 &gt;&gt; but fell through because the seller the buyer wasn't able to close and because the seller is in a rush, they just lowered the price. &gt;&gt; Right. Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; I'm getting a nice discount from 1.25 25 to a million90. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah, but if if if it means you can do it at a million 150 and give yourself time to close it with a normal loan, I would absolutely go that route. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, but they're not going to give it not to me and not to the other. They said if we can't close it by 30 days, then we're just going to keep it. So, I guess they'll have to keep it. &gt;&gt; Okay. I mean, yeah, it's uh that doesn't make a lot of sense. Uh it it seems interesting to me if they have you and two other offers. Uh but I mean you need a reasonable timeline to close. The only &gt;&gt; You're probably right. They might just be hiding something. &gt;&gt; I guarantee they're hiding something. I don't think they're hiding something. I guarantee you they're hiding something because the only way that I would I mean the only way like if I had all the money today in the bank and could close on it, the only way that I would do this is if I got early access to start doing all my inspections. And I'd say, "Sure." But then they're going to be like, "Well, this get let's get under contract and blah blah." my guys like you're like you're let's be reasonable, &gt;&gt; you know? You gotta get &gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is after not having a T12 and everything, &gt;&gt; right? You guys are you guys are blowing. I mean, it makes no sense. Like they're they are hiding something. I guarantee it. They're not going to give you enough time to look at the financials. They're not going to give you enough time to do this. They're not gonna because they don't want you to because if you actually looked at it, you'd probably find out they're full of I &gt;&gt; mean, that's the reality. and they don't want you to realize that. So that's why people try and do that. I mean, uh, you know, there's just no reason for you to have to do that. I mean, it is a nice opportunity. I agree with you. It's a nice building. Um, you know, and I I'd pay a million150 for it. It works, &gt;&gt; right? I'd pay that all day long. The numbers work. &gt;&gt; Even if you drop this down and do all this and I mean, I'm I'm being conservative here. I'm doing a 7% cap rate, 12% economic loss. I mean, I'm building in some some wiggle room on this thing &gt;&gt; and so it it works. I mean, it works all day long at a million 150. &gt;&gt; So So let's say like this. They're not going to sell it for a million 150 at this timeline. What's the most I can offer and still have it at a good deal and tell them I'll offer you more, but giving more. &gt;&gt; Well, let's see. Like 1.25 is still good. &gt;&gt; No. Yeah, you're not going that high. Um, &gt;&gt; that's the original start. Now, is this going to just be for you or are you going to have a bunch of You're not going to have a bunch of investors. &gt;&gt; So, if we're going to move the price up, then I'll probably have to syndicate it. I I wouldn't do it myself either to just if we're going to be equal partners. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but I mean, what's cool is this. I mean, think about it. You know, you're going to want to have at least 25K in here. But, okay. So, you're $430,000 total in the deal. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. $840,000 loan all in430. I mean, this deal works to where you could bring in investors or at least maybe one partner or somebody else. Maybe you take down a chunk of it. I mean, how much could you bring in yourself? &gt;&gt; I I can't I can't bring in much. I can't bring in too much. But &gt;&gt; so then how are you going to do it all on your own anyways? &gt;&gt; Not on my own. I have two partners. They just wouldn't want to do it in a syndication. They wanted to be like even partners with how much each bring in &gt;&gt; how much money How much money were they gonna bring in? &gt;&gt; They were gonna each bring in about 100 and I would try my best to stretch myself to 75 and they said they can make it work with 275. &gt;&gt; So each of them would bring in 270 or one of them or total? Each &gt;&gt; each of them it's two partners. They would each bring 100. Got it. I would stretch myself to bring in 75. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And the seller said they can work with 275 considering &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; credits. &gt;&gt; Okay. So then Okay, great. So then um so those other people they could be co-general partners with you. So this is how I would handle it. I would do um right there about let's call it 64%. And 36%. So you three are going to be co-general partners, right? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Then all you need to do is go find 155 grand. I'm pretty sure that even people in our community watching this right now, if they were going to earn, I mean, think about their returns. Their returns are going to be stupid. Although, you're going to switch this up a little bit. This would probably go to a a 50 almost like a 50/50 probably. Um, yeah, but even then, I mean, you and you guys would probably want if you're bringing in that, you'd probably even go um 7030 here because you're bringing in a majority of the money and signing on the loan. &gt;&gt; So, you'd probably go 6040. There you go. &gt;&gt; Or even a 6535. Got it. Yeah. So, this this would be the sweet spot for the deal where you guys are bringing in this, you bring in that from other people. You guys are setting it up like that. 6535 65 to the GP, meaning you guys. Now, keep in mind, you're also your own LP if you want to be, right? Because your money's coming. &gt;&gt; You're getting both sides of it. That's right. So, you're going to get this on a monthly basis. This is your annual rate of return. Plus, you're going to get this. So, your investors, including you, by the way, are going to get almost 16% a year IRRA, 11 12% cash on cash, an annual rate of return of 18% on their money, and they're going to wipe out their income taxes. &gt;&gt; I mean, you could raise money all day long on that, especially only 155 grand. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then you guys are the co-GPS, right? Together you guys split that up in terms of what you guys are bringing in and doing and then you would uh bring in another 155 as a limited partner, right? Or you or you could even bring them in again over here. I mean, you could bring them in to just a normal operating agreement and just you don't need to yeah syndicate it. you could just go go find another another partner that wants to come in and own their percentage and then now you would have all 300 and something thousand, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Because that's what you need is 433. &gt;&gt; So if you already have 270, &gt;&gt; then you're only looking for another 155 based on a million2. So, I would go back to the guys and I'd say, "Hey, I'll offer you a million two, &gt;&gt; but I need 45 at least 45 days, but with with an option to extend is how I would do it, &gt;&gt; is I would do a 45day close, 30-day due diligence or 28 day due diligence with a 45day close with a um uh &gt;&gt; extension. I would at least have another 15-day option to extend, &gt;&gt; but I would build in two of them, &gt;&gt; right? So, I would build in two options to extend, each costing you money, but not costing you. It's just more deposit money in. &gt;&gt; So, on that letter of intent, &gt;&gt; it would change. it would go, &gt;&gt; you know, rather than one, you know, um, option to extend for, uh, say $12,000, each option, each extension would cost you 12 grand, but it's applicable, right? It's applicable &gt;&gt; to purchase price, &gt;&gt; but you're going to be putting it into the deal if you need it. So, that way, you'd technically get yourself uh 75 days to close. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I mean, I I'll definitely try, but &gt;&gt; yeah, as it sounded from the guy, it would just be a good learning experience because it doesn't sound like there's any chance they'll agree to that. &gt;&gt; And again, if if they don't agree, then I mean, it's another ideal for me as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I guess what I'm trying to understand is why are they trying to rush so fast? Is it because they're trying they need the money out of the deal to go buy another deal? Yeah. Yeah. They own this building free and clear. They don't have any depth on it. So, they're saying they have another possible deal where they need a million dollars. If they can get it in this time frame, then they could do that deal. If they can do the deal, they'll just keep it. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; That's what they're saying. They might be hiding something. &gt;&gt; Okay. Then it makes it even more beautiful. &gt;&gt; They have no debt on the property. &gt;&gt; No. No. But no, no seller financing. No. They um got it. You're only at a million two. So they and they need a million, you said net. &gt;&gt; I don't I don't know exactly how much they need, but the the the broker said they wouldn't carry back anything. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Got it. That's where I was going to go with it. Um so yeah, because they need they need the million bucks or what they're saying. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um okay, but that's how I would go for it. I mean, that's how I would structure the deal. I'd say, "Hey, I'm going to increase the price to a million2. Uh, I need 45 days to close it with 28 days of due diligence, and here's a couple options to ex extend. Each time I would do it would be for 15 days each, and I would put another 12,000 bucks into the deal, 1%." &gt;&gt; And that's how I would structure it. And then answer your question, Don, uh, is it common to have three GPS? Absolutely. Uh, you can do that. Uh, and it's not even that you have GPS. What what you would probably do under this scenario, given the size of the deal and stuff, you would just bring the three people or the four people into the deal as um as managing members of the LLC. So, you'd have an LLC and that's it. You wouldn't you wouldn't do all the securities and exchange documents. You wouldn't do that. you would just do a normal operating agreement that would own the property and you would divvy up the percentages based on the amount coming in, right? In terms of the the ownership percentage, but that could be different than the voting rights, right? So remember, there's a there's a difference between voting rights, meaning control, and ownership. &gt;&gt; I should still make sure to have to be the one in control. Correct. Whoever's signing on the loan and calling the daily shots for the operations of the building is going to make sure that you have a voting right control over the deal. &gt;&gt; That's correct. So if if all three of you are signing on the loan, then you would probably get pretty close on voting rights and ownership. Make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. versus if you were signing on the loan haim and uh having the daily operations and controlling that then you're the you're what's called the managing member and then what happens is they just become members. So they're members and you're the managing member. You see the difference. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because you're the manager calling the shots, all the voting, they're a member in it. They still you may you may all three of you may own 33% potentially. You may own 33%. But you get to be the one that calls the shots, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely &gt;&gt; correct. So there's a there's a difference between ownership and voting rights control. Um yeah. No, this I mean this is a very interesting one that people can can kind of see here. Um, anybody, if you're watching right now, any kind of questions before we finish up here on this one? Um, you know, super interesting property and definitely an opportunity, but &gt;&gt; yeah, I mean, it's just they're trying to strongarm you into like something you can't even perform on hard. &gt;&gt; You just need time. I mean, the deal makes sense, but you got to get in and double check everything. So, that's how I would structure it. I'd say, "Hey, I'll give you a million, too. and I want 28 days due diligence, 45day close, and you build in two 15-day options to extend each costing you 1% all applicable to the price. And let's go, &gt;&gt; you know, and if that's not something they can work with, then, you know, unfortunately, it it just doesn't make it's not worth the risk. I &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Which sucks because it's a nice opportunity. It's good building, but but you're dealing with a seller that, you know, they're kind of trying to strongarm it, and that's just you don't have the um I can't let you get into a money pit. Can't do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like it just uh that that won't look good on your resume. I'm just saying, you know, I mean, I love I like the deal. It's just we need we need a seller to be a little bit more meanable, that's all. &gt;&gt; So, see if that will structure that way. a million two 45day close 28 days of due diligence and two 15-day options to extend that would be you know 1% each right 12,000 bucks going into escrow to the contract it's all applicable it's all applicable to the price but that way you know everybody kind of gets what they want and then hopefully you get it done in 45 days worst case 60 days but they're getting a price point that's higher than everybody else right now at a million2 uh you Okay. I mean, what? Let's go. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely worth trying. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. So, um, as we finish up, so next week, you guys have the link, uh, for the buy box, right? That Canva link that's up in the the chat. I'll put it in there one more time for you. Um would love everybody to go and take that put it into the chat one more time. Um this is for your buy box to kind of create your own make a copy of it. So when you click on that link it's going to open up create a copy. So you and Canva is free by the way. You can do a paid account if you want, but it's free. And you can go ahead and edit and create your own buy box, right? Based on kind of what I was showing you with ours. And if you go into the WhatsApp, you'll see that we we put in ours. We attached it and you can look at it. It's all there. And I would love everybody to link doesn't open. It brings up your buy box flyer. Really? Oh, yeah. It's going to bring up our buy box flyer. Um, but it should. Yeah. It's going to open up right into the buy box in Canva and then you'll create a copy of that and design it on your own. Yeah. So, it should open up into uh the Canva. It should be our buy box. That's correct. Our template. You're now going to copy that. Just make a copy of it. So, now you have your copy and then you go to work on editing it for you. You know, putting your logo on it, changing obviously the language on it. um any specifics around the states and things that you're um you're looking in so that way you've created your own buy box for what you're doing. Yeah. Awesome. Cool. Christian Chad, see everybody in your rows. Awesome. Yeah. Any other questions before we pop off? Hope this was helpful. Yeah, I know this was a long exercise looking at this deal, but I think going through the nuance of it, uh Haim and kind of how you can there's always ways creative ways to make things happen. So, I think that's the key point to take from this &gt;&gt; is always be thinking through the box of, okay, the seller wants X, I want X. How do we like I call it expanding the pie, right? One of the greatest negotiations I was ever in in my entire life. Um, and you guys wouldn't know these people, but it's the the McMillan family in San Diego. Very wealthy, prominent real estate family. Built a lot of things in San Diego. And I was fortunate enough to kind of shadow Scott McMillan who's one of the sons many years ago about 20 about 20 years ago actually. Um learned a ton from him. I'll never forget this day though. He had some big negotiations. They were negotiating with people and they were the buyer and they were trying to get it from the seller and I was kind of a fly on the wall in this conference room. And so he's like, "Hey, come on in. and go sit over there in the corner, young Justin, and you know, just watch. And this is in a conference room that has all glass right on one side. It's like a big fishbowl on one side and then it has walls on the other side. And we go in, I sit in the corner and I'm watching and they all sit around a circular table. This is all psychology, okay? Watch how this works. So, first of all, you never create a rectangular table for negotiations because that's creating a an automatic barrier one side to the next. So, they do all their negotiations around a big circular table in the conference room. So, everybody's going towards the center. So, they've been negotiating for like a year at this point and not coming to an agreement. They were all getting caught up in the weeds on this negotiation. And so it finally made its way up to this meeting with Scott who's one of the CEOs with his brother and everybody else. And I'm sitting in there and so it's a fistball glass. They push one of the buttons like you know the buttons in there and all the glass goes white like it goes from you can see through it to like white where you can't see through it. That's what happened. All right. And I'm like oh like this is about to get serious. I'm like sitting in there going oh boy. So anyhow, he gets started. Long story short, they get going on the negotiations. He's like, "Listen, clearly we have a difference between this, this, this, and we're trying to cut up the pie. We're trying to cut the pie." And what he does is he takes out a white sheet of paper. And he draws a circle on it like this. And he says, "Guys, we're trying to just cut this pie up." He says, "We're never going to get to an agreement because we're we're fighting over the little things here and there." I said, "This is what I want to do for all of us today so we can all get this thing done. We're going to expand the pie. We're going to expand it." He says, "There are things outside of the money. The money is important to you, but there are things outside of the money that you're trying to accomplish here. Let me understand those." And then they opened up and talked about them. And what they found out, they were trying to do this property, sell this one, to get tax benefits here, to do this, to do that. So, what they found out is, hey, you know, we're going to agree on a price here, but then I'm going to come and help you out here, here, here, and here. Expand the pie to get you the result you're looking for. Because at the end of the day, you're really just trying to do this. The money is just a method to get you there. So, they were getting caught up on the money when in reality, it was a much bigger picture that they just need to understand the details on. So, that allowed them to quote unquote expand the pie. So, that's what you would do in any negotiation here is think about how you expand the pie. The reason the seller is trying to do X is because XYZ they're trying to achieve that goal. Well, I understand the money is the way they're getting there, but there may be another method in that. You see where I'm going with it, Hank? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just just something to think about for everybody on here as we're finishing up for the future in your negotiations. Think what is the ultimate goal the seller is trying to get to. I understand money's a method, but there's some other things in there. Okay. So, just think through that when you're going through your negotiations and think about expanding the pie. Always expanding the pie. So, awesome everybody. We'll jump off. I know we're a few minutes over, but let me know if you guys need anything and keep sending the deals. Write those offers, baby. Let's go. Take care. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Justin. You bet. Have a good day.