Testing one, two, three. Everybody's coming on in. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Thursday. Come on in real quick. We'll get started. Hope everybody's doing well. chime in in the chat and love to see how everybody's doing. Any wins, any losses this week, any good, any bad, all the above. Definitely want to know. Good to see you, Hayden, Kevin, Roger, Thomas, Tony, and Bruce, and Adrian. Good to see you all. Thanks for coming on in. Uh, so today we're going to go ahead and analyze a deal. I was looking around online and we're going to walk through the analyzer and I'm going to plug in the numbers right in front of you. We're going to walk through it. I'm going to show you how I look at it and then how I would evaluate it and more importantly um uh make adjustments to it. And then I'm going to write an LOI. I'm going to type that up and then I'm going to show you the pitch deck. So, we're going to kind of walk through, you know, some of those initial steps of finding and analyzing and then the next steps of writing an offer and what you would do and how that would look like because that's pretty much you're in rotation of that process until you get a deal, right? And so, it's going through that process and even the exercise of that process uh to get your first deal. And that's why I wanted to focus on it uh today. So, beautiful Cristiano, good to see you. Good. Great to see everybody in here. Uh Rose, good to see you. Okay, let me go and share my screen and I'll show you what I am talking about. Be quite a few of that. Let me do this one here. Awesome. So, I'll show that. Okay. So, starting with cruxy.com just like anybody would. Uh, I'm just using Dallas, Texas as an example today, but I went in there and pulled up things in the uh, Dallas Arena 10 to 30 unit type stuff and above, but I just want to see what was out there. I came across this one. I said, "Hey, this is seems interesting. I'll take a peek at it." So, I clicked on the OM, right? The link right here. You can open it up as well. It'll open up into this thing, right? The full page. And you're going to kind of look here at the broker, right? Matteo Fal, I don't know how you pronounce that. Uh, and then the OM, right? So, see due diligence documents. Obviously, you can submit a letter of intent on it and view the OM, right? View the OM. Um, perfect. Let me put that up. So, we got everybody in here. So, I have your chat. There we go. Awesome. Good job, Kevin. Contacting three brokers. Um, I'll bring you on here just a little bit. We'll chat about that. I'd like to know how it went. good, bad, ugly, uh, because that's important. It's going to help other people in here as well. So, um, very cool. Okay, so this is a specific deal. I just pulled it up online in Dallas, Texas. One of the ones I would look at, and I'm going to throw it in the deal analyzer, and just show you how I would actually look at it. So, the first first is you're going to open up the the OM, the offering memorandum that the broker, it's like their little marketing package that the broker is using. It's like a listing uh flyer, right? Right? If you were to go buy a house and you got a listing flyer, same thing except now you're buying multifamily. So that document is going to be about 30 pages or so. And it's going to look like uh this one here. Let me show you. Let me share my screen now and I'll go back to that so you can get the actual OM. It's going to look like this guy. Okay. So, a little PDF document that you open up and just so you know what you're looking at when you see this stuff. It's going to show you a little bit of information about the property, about the area, some stats. If they're good, they'll put in some financials in there appropriately. But just know that you're getting the best case scenario. Look, just so you understand this, brokers like to So, you're getting the best case scenario. Just understand that. So, it's not going to get any better than this unless you're in an upward trended market that you can catch it, which is possible and it does happen. I mean, we've done that. So, it's not that you can't, you know, be better than this, but just realize that in these scenarios, they're making the expenses look as good as humanly possible, and they're cherry-picking and putting in there the most beautiful looking thing you could see. So, just, you know, trust but verify. Trust but verify. And go into eyes wide open. So, I want to show you how I would look at it and call out some on their documents, and we're going to walk through that today. So, anyhow, you get a little statements in here, some photos about the property, little overview on it, telling you 24 units, building size, lot size, age, building size, lot size, and age, and number of units. Then, it's going to go into here, a little bit of info. You can see, hey, this is kind of cool. They got some looks like granite actually. Yeah, they got granite undermount sinks. They went with I mean they almost did the galactic gray on these cabinets which is the same thing we did on one of our properties. I wonder if they copied us. I'm just kidding. Uh granite countertop stainless steel. You can see new cabinets on the interior amenities. So they're giving you an idea of what the general scope looks like on the property. Once again, information here on HVAC, plumbing, wiring, all this stuff, right? Hey, central boiler system replaced in 2017. That's good. um utilities, water, electricity, and gas. And they're just telling you a little bit about the building and the style of it. Okay. Um this is what I love when they And this is where you call out the right? See how they say current occupancy at 90%. Yet you're going to see in their numbers 5% vacancy. Of course. Of course. Like you guys could never operate it at 95, but you want everybody else to see where I'm going with it? Um they're real good at that. So anyhow, floor plans. Then this is what's called a I call it a box score. It's giving you a summary analysis. And I'm going to take this data and plug it into the deal analyzer. But I want you to focus on this for a minute because this kind of shows you, hey, the types of units, right? Types of units. Onebedroom, one bath, one bedroom, one bath, one bedroom, one bath. The square footage is on them. So they're different floor plans. And then the two, the two-bedroom, two bath. Their current rents they're getting. And then performer rents are the projections, right? the projections and I can very easily plug this data in the deal analyzer and you'll see how I do that in just a minute. Same thing here. And then they give you a full rent roll, which is nice. Uh you'll be able to get this data anyways from an Excel spreadsheet they'll send you, but they're giving it to you. They're breaking it all out all in here. So, uh, and then they're giving you basically a proforma as they would call it or a, um, expenses and all that stuff broken out, right? Total income and then they're giving you, uh, repairs and maintenance and expenses and all that stuff all the way down to your net operating income number, right? So, this is pretty much your performance. They have it on two pages for 12 months for 12 months. And then they're going to go into information about the area. So, you'll kind of see this. They're breaking it out, some rental comps. They're giving you stuff about the community and the neighborhood. And this is all great. All very cool stuff. And here's the point. You can use this data. Let's say this offer makes sense and we get a deal. I'm going to take this information in terms of the aerials, the information, the data, you know, history, all this stuff. And I'm going to be able to copy and paste a lot of this into my version of a pitch deck that I would then use for all my investors to pitch them the deal. So, you can they've done a lot of work for you, right? They've done a lot of work for you. But you can also use AI, and I'm going to show you how you can use that by going in there and having them give you some really cool descriptions, even pulling up photos, area stats, and charts and data that you can copy and paste and screenshot and put into your pitch deck. So that way the the information about the market and all the data and statistics you kind of have boilerplated and you can just use our templates to drop plug plug and play right and move and drop in. But this is about the area some comps all of that and this is all great the economy. So you can literally copy and paste a lot of the stuff and rewrite it a little bit and then just bring it over into your pitch deck that then you would use to pitch to investors. Okay. Uh Dallas Culture blah blah blah. um and so forth. So that is it. Okay. So now let's drop into the deal analyzer and show you how I'm pulling all that data, but I'm pretty much using I wonder if I can actually choose to um take a fuller version of the screen. Maybe not. We'll see. Uh that's the rent roll. And then I'll use this. So I'm going to be taking this right here and plugging this stuff. So, between this um P&amp;L statement essentially is what it is, a profit and loss statement, and the box score, which is this here, I'm going to take this data. Now, I'm going to plug it into the deal analyzer, and we're going to start messing around with it and seeing what it looks like. Okay, so here we go. Okay, so first things first, I mean, you don't need to always do this, but I'll copy and paste some photos. So, I'll come up here just so you know how to use this in the deal analyzer. Right click on it, go to change picture from file. Then you're going to go to your desktop and you're going to choose one of the files. It's going to plug it right in there for you. Right click, change picture from file. Right into the screenshot. Boom. Now your pictures are changed to the property. Put your address up here. And then you're going to come in here. I just put a number in here as a placeholder for now. For now, but I'm going to presume 30% down. It's 24 units. Okay. Repair budget. I can even put this at zero for now. 1985 cuz that's the age. 20,000 foot lot cuz they told me that and all of that. 6% for our closing cost. We'll use that just for now. Uh interest rates because the loan's going to be over a million bucks. I'll probably be able to get down into the low sixes. I may even get to like 59. That's possible. It's possible, but I'll use 6.2 for now. 6.2%. And then we're going to come into where we're going to add in the income numbers. The income number. So, I literally took this straight out of that box score that I showed you and I put in the unit mix. And then I came in here and I put in the square footages of each right off of the the OM I just showed you. And then I came in here, I put in the current rents. And then I came in here and I put in the future performer rents that the broker gave me. So now all of my data is in here for the unit mix. Okay? And it's going to go ahead and calculate all this stuff down here for you. And then over here on your expenses, I'm literally going to take these from that expense, profit, and loss statement. Start plugging them in. So, I put taxes. I put the insurance numbers in here that they gave me. Maintenance and repairs. Now, one thing to notice, and I think this is important, let me show you this kind of in the maintenance and repairs area. So, when I come back in here and I'm looking at this profit and loss statement, so this is kind of where you need to break things out and pay attention to some numbers in here. So, a few things when it comes to contract services, right? These are pool service, landscape, cleaning, stuff that's recurring and consistent every month. So, sometimes they break it out, sometimes they don't. But you can see kind of in this profit loss, they have landscaping in here, right? That's a recurring monthly charge. They have pest control in here that's paid quarterly. As you can see, these are all contract services. So, I need to pull them out and put them into a different line item. And I'll show you that also in the cleaning. This is a month almost a monthly charge they have in here that I need to pull out. That's a contract service. Pool service. It's 250 a month. I need to pull that out of the repairs and maintenance line items. Right? They say total maintenance, but it's really not. Right? So, you pull those out and separate them into contract services line item. And I'll show you that here in the deal analyzer. Uh the utilities are pretty easy. They break those out. your uh total administrative ga expenses. They break those out. But you see how they added management fee down here inside the general administrative. That shouldn't be there. It should be a separate line item all together. Okay. All together. And then they have insurance and property taxes. So all that's in there pretty good. Pretty good. Um total in I need to actually probably add in the additional income. That's one thing I did not. So it looks like they're pretty consistent at 9.45 a month. So I'll add that in here. Um, let me just double check that. Uh, cool. It's 11,340. So, that's good. But I had in here 11,340. That include utility reimbursibles and all that stuff. Water, trash, reimburseable. Okay. Yes, it is. Um, so that's all in there. So, I'm taking this other income number and I'm going to plug it in. See, the total number is down here. of 11,340. 11,340 for the year. So, I'm going to take that and plug it into my other income number in the deal analyzer. And I'll show you that here in just a minute. Awesome. Okay. So, let me jump over into the deal analyzer and show you. So, for my expenses, as I told you, I had to separate out the items that were truly repairs and maintenance items versus what they had in here as contract services. So, I went ahead and added in a contract services number and I totaled up pool service, landscaping, cleaning, right? So, that stuff and I got about 8 grand average, general administrative, right? It's technically almost a,000 a month. I'm actually giving them a little benefit of the doubt here and I'm making it 9,000 thinking we can do a little bit better maybe. And you got to throw a little bit of money in there for marketing. They don't have any in there for marketing. Once again, that's fluff. That's not real. You're gonna have some money for marketing. Okay? And then I separated out their management fee because remember they had the management fee inside of general administrative expenses. It's not it's a separate line item. So I put in your 6%. And that's in there. And then they don't even have a reserve and replacement line item. Well, you're going to need that for any capital expenditures that are completely unknown. you know, the roof caves in in two years. Well, you need to have some money every month set aside that's going into a separate little account that's building up for big items so you don't have to come out of pocket for that down the road. Okay? And they didn't even have that. So, you need that $250 to $300 um per unit is how this number is calculated. Okay? $250 per unit per year. So, it's 6,000 bucks. So you'll see uh you know we're starting to look at these numbers and you know 63% expense ratio is current. It's pretty high. It's really high. Um and it shouldn't be that high. It should be somewhere right in this range. You know right in that 45 to 55% range is kind of where it should operate for a smaller complex like this. That's probably pretty good uh in terms of the overall. And keep in mind because you're in Texas, because you're in Texas, these two numbers up here between your property taxes and your insurance, these eat up a lot of your expenses, which is why it makes it tough in in Texas sometimes because property taxes are higher and insurance costs are higher. And so these numbers are really, really, really critical when you're evaluating a Texas deal, okay? A Texas deal. But keep those in mind because these numbers are much higher in Texas than they would be in say Arizona or even in other parts of the Midwest. So keep that in mind. Keep that in mind. Um so that's there. So now scrolling down here, I went ahead and I added in the other income numbers that we calculated that 11,340. They're only using 5% as their total vacancy and economic loss. Once again, full of crap. There's no way on planet Earth you're operating a property in the state of Texas for anything less than a 10% economic loss. Never going to happen. And if they say it is, they're full of, you know what? No way. So, minimum 10%. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt here because I'd really put in 15, but let's go with 10. Let's go with 10. So, I have all my little numbers plugged in here. And you can see right now the deal does not make sense. Now, keep in mind, I just put a placeholder in here. Placeholder. And if you recall going back to the property, it's unpriced, right? It's unpriced. So when I was looking at it originally, you know, they're looking for the market for the property and we're going to give them the market. We're going to give them the market. So when I was in here and I was looking at it and it's didn't even have a price on it, that's okay. What that means is they're waiting for offers to come in to give them the value of the property based on the financials and we're going to do that for them. So unpriced property. Now we're going to back into remember back into the numbers. The numbers are what? 14 to 20% IRRa 6 to 10% cash on cash equity multiple of 1.8 or more. 1.8 or more. So let me show you that. So here we are back in the deal analyzer. I'm going to scroll down right now. Based upon all the numbers I plugged in, the broker's numbers. The broker's numbers I plugged in, and I gave them benefit of the doubt on a lot of things. Okay, based on this, we're at a 4% cash on cash and an IRA of 6.67 and an equity multiple of 1.44. Deal doesn't work. Not even close. Not even close. So, now we're going to back into it because you have to ask yourself, okay, what can I do? Well, uh, the expense numbers are what they are. Like these numbers are probably pretty accurate and in line with where it needs to be. So, I'm not changing any of the expenses. Uh, then the question becomes, can I get better market rent? Maybe I can beat these numbers. Possible. But for the sake of this exercise, because the broker gave us their projections, I'm going to use their projections and just live on that, right? Live on that. If I can get it better, great. But I'm not going to underwrite on that. See where I'm going with it? See, I got to really underwrite based on today's financials. Today's financials. Because if I'm going to get a good loan on this thing that's going to be I could probably even get a 6% loan, small balance. It's going to be somewhere around six, you know, maybe 6.25. We'll do 6.25. It's going to be somewhere in there. I'm going to have some repair budget in there. I need to put in at least 50,000 bucks for some sort of a a capital account going into the door that we're going to raise through. And so now honestly we have two choices. I can put more money in. I can increase my down payment. That's option A. That would reduce and start getting this debt coverage ratio because remember I got to get this debt coverage ratio. This number right here. See how it says anytime you see these little red things inside your deal analyzer. There's a comment in there. You can hover right over it and it gives you debt coverage ratio. This number needs to be at 1.25 or greater. 1.25 or greater. Okay. The future looks bright. These ones over here are great, but I've got to get this up. Got to get it up. So, I I added 35% down payment. That's a lot, right? That's a lot. But in this case, I'll do that. So, clearly the propertyy's overpriced. It's overpriced. We're not paying 100,000 a unit. It doesn't work. It just doesn't work because that means the current cap is 4.51. No way in hell. Cap rates right now in that market are 6 and a half%. So, I need to back into some numbers here. So, we're going to drop this baby to 2 million bucks. So that's 83,000 a unit. Okay, now we're at a 5.4 cap. Getting better. Getting better. That's the current cap rate. So let's move down here. We're starting to get there, right? See how this number is coming up. That number's coming up. That number is coming up. Now let's come over here to the IRRa tab. So this would be 2025. Rent bump increases 3% which is aggressive at the moment. things are pretty flat to be honest with you. Expense bumps, that's fine. Economic loss numbers, fine. Um, you know, you'd probably want even you can, once again, you can hover over these things. Hover over them. It's going to give you an idea. Okay, has little comments in there for you. Then scroll down. Uh, cap rate. So 6% when I exit this thing years from now, using a 6% is fair. It's 6 and a half now and it's a bad market. So 6% is probably pretty good down the road. It's not bad. Not bad. But once again, we're not producing anywhere near where we need to be on an annualized return. So, we got to keep going. I know they don't like it, but they're going to find out the market today. 15. See, now we're kicking ass and taking names. So, if you can get it there at 15, you're you're killing it, right? That's not going to happen. But that'd be great. So, now let's move it up. It's 18. And then we're going to make this 30%. Down payment, right? 30% down payment. So, we're not there yet cuz this DCR is 1.13. This number is starting to get good. So, what's probably going to have to happen is we're probably going to need to put in 35% down to get that number going well. Okay? Because interest rates, see this debt coverage ratio is really tight. You could probably get this to work. You could probably get this to work. So, this is what I would do. Honestly, this is what I would do. I would come in here. I would I would know I would know that the most I could pay for this thing is 18. Period. Okay. Period. And that's a best case scenario. 18. That's what I know I can max pay for it. So, I'm going to go in and I'm going to write an offer at about probably somewhere between a million550 and a million six. and they're probably going to their pants. It's good chance. Good chance the broker craps their pants. But that's okay. You're going to use this as a conversation tool. You have to remember, take all the emotion out of it. Stay straight and just very professional and just let them know, listen, I'll send you over my numbers, home skillet, and you tell me where I'm wrong, Mr. Broker, because I used your numbers. And then what's going to happen is they're going to look at your adjustments. They're going to say, well, I think your economic loss is too high, dude. You're not operating property less than 10% in taxes. Nice try. So, tell me some other things we can adjust. Well, I think this is too Dude, I I adjusted it. I did all this stuff. I have to have something in line. You're actually over um you're way under applying expenses because what they're going to try and do is cram down your expenses and say, "Well, you can really operate it for cheaper than that." No, you don't. No, you don't. You show me show me a deal that's operating like that specifically actual P&amp;L and you know that it's full of it. So, that's just not true. It's just not true. Uh, but let me show you the letter of intent here. So, now that I know, so yes, Rose, I'm playing around with the numbers as you're seeing me do. Um, yeah. So, what I can do, what's pretty cool with this, just FYI, and this is how you can use chat GPT. So, let me show you that. If I come here, let me show you how I would use it. and Belmont Court Apartments, Dallas, Texas. So, I'm going to do this. I'm going to come in here and I'm going to tell Chat GPT to calculate the property taxes for me. Hello. Can you help me calculate the property taxes for this property? Here is the address. Please, please uh use the county it is in and the proper tax calculations to give um me the property uh the annual annual property tax amount for $1.8 million property. also tell me how they so I don't and then here's the address. Oops. See how Do you love this? AI stupid. Before you'd have to go search for this and probably spend 30 to 40 minutes figuring this out. So, it's giving me tax rate per $100 of assessed value. So, for every $100 of assessed value, it's $223. Okay. So tax calculation based on this a million8 times that it's $40,000 a year. That's going to change my numbers. So I was off. I was off. Now that's that's presuming that's what I paid for. That may not be the assessed value. Assume the assessed value is let's do one six. See what that looks like now. 35,760. Okay, so I did that in two minutes. And let me show you now. I'm going to go plug my numbers in here. This is going to get more fun. The seller is going to get a rude awakening on this one. So, see, it's interesting because they have 69,000 in here, which is odd. That doesn't make sense because yeah, it doesn't make sense. Dallas County. Um, I'm just looking back at it. Certainly, let's recalculate based on property tax property. Dallas, Texas based on the market value. We also explain how property taxes determine Dallas County. So, it's in Dallas County. So, that's correct. So, uh, we need to double and triple check this because the numbers that, um, they're calculating are a decent amount less than, um, what they have in here, right? Which is great. Uh, if that's the case. So I be I So this is like a kind of one of these ding ding ding you got to look at uh when you're looking at that. Okay. Um you know what I also want to find out? I want to see if chat GPT can figure this out for me. This will be actually very interesting. Watch this. Uh, can you help me determine the property insurance uh uh cost and general liability costs for the property located at this address in Texas? Please use average uh insurance. Uh, please use um see what it does. I'm actually super curious to see if this will actually pull this off. That seems low. Yeah. So, we got to we have to double check Mr. Chat GPT, but it's a good exercise. It's a good exercise. [Music] Um, so I've actually never used it for that. uh we will keep the insurance costs in here the way that it is at 30K. Uh we can even, you know, be nice and give them their number. Okay. So that way we're in there. So based on this, I'm real close on a debt coverage ratio. Real close. Um but yeah, I would go in at 16. I'd go in at 16. So now with my letter of intent, I'm going to come in here and this is how I'm going to write it. So, here's your letter of intent template that's in the back end of your system. Okay? And you're going to pull this baby up. You're going to go ahead and put in your company name in here, your holding company. You'll start with your holding company. You can assign the property into the property LLC later, but use your company going in just to write the letter of intent. Uh, you're going to put it to the broker's name, obviously, the property address. And then this this language is all templated. This is a non-binding letter of intent set forth the general terms and blah blah blah blah property address of blah blah blah blah purpose of the yellow is to provide the basis blah blah blah blah and copy and paste the address here and the price in our case it's going to be a million six x per unit deposit we'll do 1% so in this case will be 16,000 bucks whoops 1% set blah blah blah first American or Fidelity mutual execution purchase contract following the expiration of the due diligence period. Um and then you'll take out no money hard by the way. So this comes out right there's no money hard. Um everything's refundable until after your due diligence period. Financing will presume 70%. Down payment 30%. Due diligence you want this ideally 30 days. Change this 28 to 30. um access to the property. This is all good. Closing 60-day uh granted another 30 days with an additional uh 16 another 1%. Right? It's always 1%. They may try and come back and get you to do more on the deposits and stuff, but that's all negotiable. It's all negotiable. Okay. Closing and title, property be sold. So, all this stuff's all templated, right? And you can change your bottoms out here in the footers by just double clicking on it. Okay. changing that and then continued operations, special conditions, all this stuff's all templated. You're going to change out our name for your name. All very standard. Okay. And dot and sign. Once again, this is a nonbinding legal. Nothing legal about this. It's literally as good as the paper you're sending it over on digitally. Literally, it means nothing. Like you could spit these out 400 a day if you want. It means nothing. If they accept all 400 of them, you don't have to do squat. Don't do squat. So, just know that you're not hooked into anything with this, okay? It's it's just a game. It's a big game. You want to shoot these things out like it's white on rice. And then the whole point of that is to get the process going and you'll finally get some people to say, "Yeah, we'll negotiate with you." And that's the whole point. It's the whole point. Um, let me get with everybody in the chat real quick so I can answer some of the questions here. Um, hold on one second. Let me go through these things. Uh, yes, Rose, I think we answered the questions on the initial numbers. You start adjusting them if they don't work. That's correct. And I basically saw me back right into it, right? I backed in to make sure this deal meets the metrics and playing around with the numbers. Playing around with the numbers until it does. Um you mentioned then George you said you mentioned the expense ratios you mentioned the expense ratios earlier was over 60%. I invested into a syndicate last year was 60k that pays quarterly and wife is furious at me uh what I did write down during the videos is expense ratios. What do you think of using these uh I'm just looking at your numbers here. Um for a 1950 60 and 70 building using 70 75% expense ratio. No. No. It'd be the opposite. So 1950 to 1980, 1950 to 1980, you're probably going to be somewhere somewhere in the um 45 to 55% range. 45 to 55% range expense ratio, generally speaking. Okay. 1980 to 2000. 1980 to 2000, you're probably going to be somewhere between 35 to 45. 35 to 45% expense ratio. Anything newer than 2000, you're going to be into the 30s, okay? On your expense ratios and in some cases in the 20s. If you're in like Arizona or Nevada, which have super low property taxes and super low insurance, it's going to be awesome for you. You'll be in the 20s. I mean, I see that I'm like, "Oh my god, my expense rates are 28%." There is benefits, which is why you get higher prices there, right? Because people can pay more because your expenses are lower. So that's why you see that happen. Um, yes it is, Robbie. The expense ratio, I'm sorry, the reserve of 250 to 300 bucks. 250 to $300 per unit per year. Per unit per year. So if it's a 10-unit building, um, or I say what, a 12 12 unit building and it's six and you have $300. Uh, that's how you you'd use that and then times times 12, right? Or whatever that be. That'd be 12 units. 12 time 300. So, $3,600 for that. But yeah, that is accurate. So, I use 300, but the banks will use 250 sometimes just to kind of give you a little bit of a, you know, help there. Um, George, you said, can you provide a max offer field in your analyzer depending on data into the analyzer? Uh, you can, but what I typically do is just maneuver the numbers. I just gave that to you in the analyzer, I'm basically telling you 18. It's once again, it depends on variables. If I can go in there and actually get a lower interest rate on the loan, right? If I can get that thing into the fives on my interest rate, well, I can pay more, right? It all kind of maneuvers. It all offsets. Uh if I can get my revenue to go up, because if my expense numbers are what they are, but I can get my revenue to increase, maybe I because it happened. I mean, it happened on a couple of my deals where initially I went in with the broker numbers. Then when I went out to the property, right, I toured it. I toured the area. I got comps. Now, once again, this was in an appreciating market where rents were going up and it was beneficial for us. And then I realized, crap, we could probably get more for rent here. So, I analyzed the deal with better future rents. I didn't tell the brokers that. I just used that knowing full well where I could go and we hit it. But once again, it's you got to just I'd rather be conservative and if the numbers work, then the rest is a home run. You look like a hero, right? I mean, it's there's nothing better than literally going back to you and your investors and anybody invest with you and saying, "Dude, we expected, you know, $1,200 a month for rent. We're getting $1,450. Holy crap balls." Like, they're going to flip their head off, which is going to be great. It's going to make you look like a superstar, and then they'll throw more money at you than you can imagine, right? So, that's how that goes. That's a good thing. Um, uh, yes, you do. So, Rose, you saw like with the property tax thing, uh, and the insurance, I I'd want to double check on that. So, what I would be doing is I would be having a conversation with the broker, for example, if you submit this this offer over at 16. And then you want to follow up and say, "Hey, I just submit an offer." And they're going to be like, "Dude, that's super low, Rose. you offer me one six for this thing like we're thinking 22 and you're like listen I appreciate it John but the financials do not support that there's no way on planet earth unless you can show me some other numbers show me some other numbers and verify those for me John Mr. Broker because based on even the numbers you gave me which are pie in the sky anyways the thing doesn't even get close to $2 million right to get a return where I can actually give a bank have a bank give me a loan Mr. John broker and get an investor which we work with to give me their money along with our money. I need at least a 15% irr. John, I can't even get close to that based on your numbers. So, do you want me to send you my numbers and we'll talk about it together and you can kind of tell me where I'm wrong or do we just want to go with reality and not your fugazi fugazi? Let's talk real. Okay, because that's how we're going to get this thing done. And if they're off in left field and they're like, "Well, the seller's not going to consider that." Ton John, I totally understand. Look, we're going to buy here. I'm going to buy. So, I would love to see some other deals. If you have some stuff maybe you're working on right now, behind the scenes that I can see, right, that isn't on, you know, KY maybe right now. I'd love to take a look at it. Why don't you let me know? Right. So, now you can build the rapport behind the scenes, start getting some deal flow that is not on Krexy because remember the stuff on Crexy 99.9999999% of the time is overpriced. That's why it is there. It's the only reason it got onto that website because it got passed by all the investors in the pre-market phase. That's why it's there. So, you're just you're using this as an exercise to build a rapport. That's all it is. And just having a great conversation with the brokers, building rapport, letting them know, hey, I'm going to buy with you. So, um let me keep going down the questions real quick. Oh, this is actually interesting. Goofron, I like that. For some deals, I upload the docs to chat GPT and ask it to analyze the deal for me. Do you think chatb provides close? It may. I mean, it's worth a try. I'd be super curious. Uh, but what you want to do is give it some parameters of metrics, right? So, you can upload all the documents and maybe it'll go through it. That's crazy. That's a good try. I got to try that one. And then um and then you want to say, you know, please help me analyze this thing. I need to get a projected IRR of 16%. And a cash on cash of 7%. And an equity multiple of, you know, two and presume I'm putting, you know, you got to put in some parameters, your metrics, right? 30% down, right? You have to I mean you have to thing is you have to add in a lot of these variables for it to be able to give you an accurate number, right? You have to put in what are your closing costs, right? What is this? What is that? Right? The stuff you're going to you know interest rate on your loan, stuff like that. So, you're going to have to give it some good data for it to give you a good uh analysis. Um I do have Chat GPD Pro. Um the one I'm using is the 4.0 Pro that I pay for. Um, yeah. So, goof on the 1% is part of think about that's your money in so you're you're putting in 10% of the equity. So, in this case, in this deal, $13 million is needed for this deal based on the data, right? Based on the deal analyzer, I need 1.3 million. So, I'd be bringing in 10% of that for this 24 unit. I'd be bringing in 10% of that, 130,000. So yeah, the 16,000 is part of that my 10%. I'm going to put in that initial deposit to get the deal going, right? It's all part of my total. I'm not putting in more. It's all part of my total. Make sense? Um I have not used the correct LOI button, George. Um because they're not going to have the legal language and stuff you need. That's why our template's good. Um ours is pretty tried and true. Once again, it's non-legally binding, but you want certain language in there, right, to set the tone because the attorneys will use your LOI as a leading point to draft up the contract if you get to that point. Okay. Um, I'm looking at your questions here. Okay. Um, so Cristiano, uh, to be honest with you, no. Uh, I do not think that paying for Kraxy Pro right now in your stage is worth it. No, if you get down the line and you actually have a bunch of deals in your portfolio and you want more data, then great. Um, but I can tell you that between uh Chat GPT giving you a bunch bunch of data. It'll do it for you. It's wild. It's going to take all that stuff from Krexy and put it into ChatGpt, it's going to go service the internet. It's crazy. So, in terms of getting market data, metrics, I mean, you could literally have a conversation about Dallas, Texas, and having it give you all kinds of stuff to go off of. Um, but Crexy Pro is fine. It's a good product. Um, we get it, I think you guys get it for half off if I'm not mistaken, because I think it's 300 bucks a month. Uh, because the Crexy guys, the sales guys are in our community, I believe we get it for like 150 if I'm not mistaken. I can double check uh with our guys that are in it, but they'll give it to you for cheaper, but I don't know that you need that right now. You don't like you just need to get the first deal and then you can talk about the Crexy Pro. Um Rose, you said you're visiting Indianapolis next weekend. Great. Your buy box modules. Beautiful. You're taking that first step, right? You're going out to Indianapolis. You're going to do your three-day reconnaissance trip, right? you see a couple deals, meet a couple brokers, go through that process, come back with a bunch of information. It's going to help you. Trust me, it will absolutely help you. You'll love it. Um, yeah, in regarding the property taxes, um, I can tell you it's hurting values, Cristiano. Like in in Texas where property taxes are higher right now, it's hurting values because the deals have to pencil financially. It's not like a feeling thing. So because property taxes are higher and insurance costs are higher, it's hindering values in Texas at the moment. So I don't think it's a good thing right now. Um you have also realize that in Texas there's a whole industry on property tax protesting. Like literally it's crazy. I learned about this like everybody sues the counties to get their property taxes reduced. But you don't really do that unless you have a property big enough to actually make it have it make sense where you're going to save enough money to go hire property tax attorneys. Uh which we do every single year to go protest our property taxes. But you got to have a big enough deal for it to make sense. So typically 50 plus units, 100 plus units, it'll make sense. Um but yeah, it's a challenge in Texas at the moment. Um and then you'd mentioned about the monthly cash flow and stuff. We'd have to get it right. I have to go into the numbers real quick. I'll take a look at that. Uh, do brokers normally negotiate with property owners and encourage them to reduce their prices? Well, sure. I mean, they're going to say I mean, if it's not selling, then they're going to say, "Hey, I know you're looking for 2 million or 2.2 million, Mr. Seller, but we that's why they unpriced deals, right? They're literally putting it on the market with no price on it, hoping that you'll actually determine the market for them." So, we're determining the market for them, right? It's real simple. The math is what it is and we're backing into numbers that make sense. So that way a bank will give us a loan and investors will invest with us, right? And if I can give investors somewhere between a 15 to 20% annualized return on their money and a 6 to 10% cash on cash, which this deal does at a million8 at a million8 it does it then all day long, right? You'll raise money very easily. You'll get a bank loan very easily and the thing will hum. But if you start pressing it, then it it's going to get tougher. it's going to get tougher. So once again, you just have to find sellers that are motivated and that's part of the process of negotiating. But if this deal doesn't work, you know, don't kill it. You just let the broker know, listen, when the seller is serious and when they want to get to an actual price point that makes sense, we're all here at a million8. I'm all here at a million eight, but the numbers do not allow us to pay more than that. They just don't. So, um, uh, we cannot analyze them right this second. We don't have time right now, George. Um, but what you need to do is you need to stick those into the deal analyzer. So, what you can do is stick them into the deal analyzer, the two deals you're talking about, send them to us right through the back end of the system inside your mentorship portal. There's a link right there. it says submit deals for review. We our team will review that deal with you and we'll send you our numbers back based on what you send us. So typically it's going to ask you for a few things. It's going to ask you to send us the deal analyzer, your rent roll, and your T12, which is the profit loss statement for the deal, right? If you have it, if you have it, but send us whatever you have, at least the deal analyzer, and we can make sure your numbers are input correctly and kind of help analyze that deal alongside you 100%. Yeah. But that's all done behind the scenes and everybody here can do that. So in the back end of your mentorship portal, there's a little button in there that says submit deals for review and we will review those right alongside you and we will send you back our numbers. Okay. Same thing with uh lenders. So in the back end of the system right there in your mentorship tile in the thumbnail it says mentorship program. Click on it. You're going to see you scroll down. It's going to say submit deals for review to lenders. You can submit the deals to lenders. You can actually reach out to them now, which would be a great process to just kind of pre-introduce yourself and say, "Hey, I'm looking to buy kind of a 20 unit. I'm in Justin's mentorship, blah blah blah. Um, and I'm looking to probably do this type of stuff. Is there a way to get some sort of a a pre-qual just basic general lender letter that I can use based on 70%, you know, financing to go out there to start start locking up deals via LOI?" LOI, right? It's non-binding. Nothing's binding. Um, and they'll have a bunch of contingencies on that, but that's the process. So, that way you can get your deals analyzed by the lenders as well for the financing and then us on top of that. So, both both. Um, cool. Well, yeah. I hope that uh that's your letter of intent. Let me stop that. And then real quick, just on the pitch deck, right on the pitch deck, let me show you that real quick. So, when you get to the point of um you've analyzed the deal, you found it, submitted a letter of intent, you're probably into the best and final, you're like, "Oh god, we may get this deal. We're pretty close. We're going to get it." This is where you may want to start putting together your pitch deck, right? Which is going to be used to help with the money side, the financing, and the capital. Okay, let me show you what you have. The template in the back end of your system, and you can download it. It's a PowerPoint. Also, I don't know if any of you use Canva. We actually use Canva for all of our pitch decks. You can take this PowerPoint, you can upload it into Canva. It may mess with the formatting a little bit, but in general, you can tweak that, right? Everything's maneuverable and editable by drag and drop. But a pitch deck, all this is is our version, our version of the sexy marketing package about the deal. So, if I was going to market that deal in Texas, once again, I'm going to take the broker's offering memorandum. I'm going to take all the marketing cool stuff, some photos, some language, some terms, marketing stuff, data, statistics, information. I'm going to pull all that off their OM and I'm going to put it into mine. And then from there, I can then customize it further. So, everything from your backdrop photo, this is all templated, giving you information about the property, you're just going to, you know, literally put in this data and fill it out. Okay. So, you can have people do this for you, but I would recommend for your first time to do it yourself. Okay? To do it yourself. And don't freak out if it's a lot of data and it seems overwhelming. It should the first time. It's totally okay. And it should feel overwhelming the first time because it will not feel overwhelming the second time, but it will feel overwhelming the first time. Okay? You just you you got to fight through the um the uncomfortableness. Okay? you have to fight through this uncomfortableness that is totally natural when you're trying to go through this for your first time, okay? Because it's it's going to seem foreign and that's that's normal. Totally normal. But all this stuff is editable, okay? Everything in here is editable specific to your deal and you're just going to walk through page by page to set it up. Okay? But take time to go through this because this pitch deck, the reason why we do the pitch decks the way we do and the reason why we gave you this template is I have literally seen 400 million pitch decks. Okay, I'm kid you not. I what I did is I stole all the best pieces of all the pitch decks I've seen, probably about five or six of them, and then I put it into this one. So, this is the one we literally use to go out to all our investors for our fund, for our money, for everything because it's it's you can what you're going to notice about what you're seeing here, large pretty pictures, uh, very graphical based, very visual based, very simplistic, right? Laying it out in a nice clean format where it's followable, you know? I mean, it's just nice and simple. big letters, big numbers, simple colors, simple design all the way through it. Okay? And all it's going to do is walk through. All this stuff is pulled off of the OM. So, it's all just literally screenshotted off of the broker's OM. And then I pulled this off of, you know, Google map or Google images stuff. So, then this data here is all Google images, just an image. You could literally probably ask chat GPT about the market and say, break up the market and the employment. give me a chart. I mean, literally, and it'll give it to you. Uh, you give me all the, you know, information about employment and this and that and that and this and this and that, right? And you plug it all in here. This is just an image. Literally, this is an image that was stolen off of the broker's OM. And it's okay to do that, right? Talks about population, median household income, all this stuff. Little Texas thingy, very easy. If you do this inside of Canva, uh they have actually a lot of all the stuff for you. It's pretty cool. Um but all that's in here, all the job drivers, economic drivers, you know, you can pull all the stuff off the broker OM or chat GPT or in Canva. But this is all just market data information. Okay. Comps. You put a nice little pretty package together. If I want to invest, this is how I do it. sign up the team and all that. Okay. So, you can use us FYI as I'd mentioned you can use us as your strategic partners, right? So, in coming down here under your you could put strategic partners on one of these sheets and have my photo on it. Okay. Absolutely. And have our company logo on it. No problem. Strategic partner, not a problem. Okay. And and leverage us, right? And our knowledge and our expertise as a strategic partner. So just FYI, and everybody does that. There's nothing wrong with that. It's very, you straightforward. And FYI, these are all the people in the back end of the system. So, all the vendors and systems that we have in the back end, that sheet and the vendors and systems PDF, it's all these people in the back end. Here's their photos and here's their information. These are this is your legal and accounting team officially. This is your legal and accounting team and everything from your transactional attorney. He's in the back end, right? Construction, renovation, blah blah blah. So, just FYI, all that stuff is is uh you can use, right, and leverage it. And that's your pitch deck. And now this nice little pitch deck is set and ready to go. Um, and if you ever want to, and it's in the vendors and systems thing, if you ever need to downsize or compress downsize or compress anything or convert anything, you need to use small PDF. Uh, we have this for you in the back end. Whoops. We have this for you in the back end. Share. So, I'll get this for you. Small small PDF small PDF. Yeah, let me share this. So, you'll want to use this. What is my login? Hold on one second. I think I know what it is. There we go. So, this is small PDF and little website. Go to it and it'll convert anything for you, compress anything for you. So, if you have a big file, you want to compress it, done. You want to convert something from PDF to Word, Word to PDF, done, right? And there's a free version of this and there's a paid version of it. And it's pretty awesome. So, that way, if you're working with different documents and stuff and you need to, you know, maneuver through them, you can um you can literally convert any PDF to a Word document and edit it. So, you have it. Just FYI. So, very, very good little tool. It's listed as one of our vendors and systems in our PDF for you. in the back end of your me membership portal. Um, oh, took ideas stole. Well, okay, George, I see that. Yes, you're 100% right. I acquired I acquired ideas from the brokers. That's true. All right, everybody. So, I hope this was helpful. We literally went in and I broke it down. kind of analyzed the deal right in front of you, took down the OM, went on to cruxy.com, walked through the entire thing, gave you my analysis of how I back into the numbers, back into the numbers. And then next time, what we can do, Robbie, and through that is we'll actually go into the waterfall as well as the IRR tab and walk through that for you to show you how that works because it's pretty self-explanatory, but at least you'll understand how that works and how to look at it and maneuver through that some more. So cool. Hope this was helpful. Um, beautiful. Any last questions before we sign off here? But I think this was really, really helpful for everybody to kind of see, and we do this from time to time. And if you have a a deal next week that you want to have analyzed in real time with me, do me a favor, send me because you have my email, my direct email once again, in the back end of your portal inside the mentorship tab. If you click on that, you'll see Justin's contact info. Email me personally your deal. Okay? And that way I can then bring it up and we can analyze it in real time on screen here in in the call. Would love to do that. And that way we can look at it side by side. Okay? And it'll it's going to help everybody else too. So if you don't have one, watch like it'll help everybody else to see that happening in real time. So um cool. Yeah. All of that's back in there because we've thought of everything. We've been through it and we want to, you know, make sure that we're helping you analyze these deals alongside you and we can do it live here on screen or if you just want to send it through to us. Our team will typically review that in 48 hours ideally. Ideally. So awesome everybody. This was cool. So I appreciate everybody's time and I'm glad we got to do it this way today. And if you need anything if you need anything, let us know. Let's get let's get some deals. I want to hear some great stories and I'm looking forward to Rose to to your story on your deal as you're going out to Indiana and anybody else if you're kind of in that stage and you've picked your market and picked your state, it's time time for a trip, right? It's time to book that on the credit card and if I mean if you're presuming you're going out of state. Uh if you're in state and it's in your backyard, beautiful. You're already there. But it does make sense to start driving areas and getting comfortable and going and touring the properties with the brokers. Okay, that's that's your first big step. That has to happen because that's how you're going to leverage the direct to broker approach. Otherwise, you need software and you have to go direct to owners, which quite honestly, I don't think you need in the beginning right now. Your most efficient use of your time, especially if you have a nineto-ive job and another career paying your bills that you need to hustle at to 8 to 10 hours a day, hustling down direct to owner approaches is not going to be the best use of your time. It's going to be leveraging the brokers who are already doing for that. They have the deals. They are the gatekeepers. They're the gatekeepers. So, leverage their abilities already to just build relationships there behind the scenes to get these pre-market deals. So, uh the trip is 100% tax write off. Book it on a business credit card, right? If you don't have a business credit card, you need to get one. Okay? You need to have a separate card. Personal and business. personal and business. So that way it's literally segregated and you can run it right through your business 100%. Um, Goofron, uh, yeah, I mean, if if there's three states I could pick right now that I think are really good, um, Indiana, Missouri, Texas. Quite honestly, any of the states in the southeast, the Carolas all the way down through Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, and Georgia, all great. A lot of growth happening there. And a lot of growth happening in the upper Midwest. And then Texas is still exploding. It's just they're also they were they overbuilt the state temporarily. And so that we're we're dealing with some supply issues that we got to fight through to get to a point um where supply and demand are in balance because right now there's more supply than demand. And because of that, uh it's going to have to get absorbed. It's being absorbed. It's just taking time, but it's a dog fight. So you're have seeing higher higher vacancies. Um yeah, that's right. Awesome. Everybody, have a great rest of your uh your day and get in touch with us. We're here for you. We're here for you. Let's make it happen. Right.