Happy Tuesday, Sandon. Good to see you. We got Miguel. Liam, good to see you as well. Bill, good to see you. &gt;&gt; Did you crush that TED talk or was it Did you crush your talk at that meeting? &gt;&gt; Uh, we did we did we did well. It was a good meeting. You know, we've had uh good presentations and all that stuff. So, um I you know I love that was actually regarding ADUs um in building and constructing accessory dwelling units. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So he's focused on that. But the your videos the quality of the videos have been really really tight. So &gt;&gt; awesome. Yeah. Thank you for acknowledging you for that. Yeah. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; All right. I want everybody kind of come on in here real quick. Um yeah, who wants to go first and just kind of update us on your week? Any wins? wins. I want to talk about wins and maybe not wins. Maybe you had some some losses. Uh, you know, feel feel free to to share on those. It's okay. People like, you know, people like losses. We always like to root for underdogs. Unless you're the New England Patriots, then we just try and win, you know. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. We'll see. We'll see what happens this weekend. That's uh you know who who knows, man. Anything anything goes. Anything goes. Uh good to see you, Bruce. I see Dean in here. You got Haime. Good to see you. Uh Haime, why don't you introduce yourself? You're newer, I guess. You know, couple weeks in, but you can say hi to everybody. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. Justin, hello everybody. I'm K. I'm well I was born in El Paso, Texas, but I live in Mexico. So I um go back and forth. Last year I was working in a company in a real estate developer in New York. So that's where I got my real estate basics and yeah, happy to be here, Justin. And looking forward. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. you're in the Texas area. So for folks, you know, especially in the chat, and I always mention that is, you know, use that the the WhatsApp chat function to try and connect on region too because it doesn't allow us to section out by region like the u the online portal does. But uh that way if you want to connect in Florida and Texas and other areas, uh there's several of you in different areas, which is great. Um, Michael, let's see, we got Michael Blanca, I see you on here. Do you want to say hi real quick? I don't know if you've actually formally introduced yourself with your group and Drew and all them um in in Florida. If you have audio, you may not have audio. See your smiley face. Where you at? &gt;&gt; And then Kevin's in here, too. So, if you have any questions in the chat, you know, feel free to uh to put those in there. Uh Michael, do you have audio by chance or no? If not, just put it in the chat and we'll uh we'll move forward. So, um very cool. All right. Looks like we're having audio problems there. Not a problem. Um, yeah, I want to talk about some wins you guys have had for the week and then some other folks, you know, I've been chatting with and things they're going through and negotiating deals. Um, I know chatting with Julian yesterday and he had that deal in Michigan, the original 16 unit uh go in and out of escrow and then he has another one now that's actually a 23 unit um which seems to be pretty nice little deal uh in Lancing, Michigan. Uh we were taking a look at it yesterday. So that's one he'll probably put in the chat for everybody, too. But that's a nice little deal there in in Lancing, Michigan. Um, uh, you know, it's nothing crazy or sexy. You know, you buy it, it's got a little bit of reno potential on it, raise some rents, uh, just, you know, nice little operations, but cash flow is great based on current financials and then upticking them a little bit. Um, so I thought that was a fair deal. I'm going to bring that one actually up and kind of walk through it on certain things that I saw and what you should be looking for as well as you're kind of going through these things because I think that'll be helpful. Um, and then I'll talk about another kind of cool thing cuz we were out in Cleveland and David and Kelly are in here. Um, and then also Tony and you guys and I know you guys are chatting. This is kind of the fun part about doing, you know, deals in different cities and states cuz this actually happened to me. The exact thing that's happened to them, which I thought was great, is, you know, David and Kelly have an offer in an LOI in on a a 47 unit. Is that right? 47 is about 47 between the two. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, but so does Tony and his team, too. Same property. And we found this out the other day because when we talked to the broker and met with the broker, the broker was like, "Yeah, we have another offer in." and you know, yeah, it's lower, but they seem like they're a little more solid of a group. [laughter and gasps] And then come to find out, it's Tony and his guys. So, I thought that was pretty funny. And that's in Akran, Ohio, just south of Cleveland. Um, so that that was great. And yeah, they're a few hundred,000 apart. Um, but then after further underwriting and really looking at the deal and the section 8 and stuff attached with it, um, you know, yeah, probably does need to be written down closer to a 21 number. you know, right in that range, uh, is really where it's going to make some sense. Um, and in pencil long term because you're just not going to get the ramp in rents and appreciation in Akran, Ohio that you would get elsewhere uh, in different markets. So, you have to kind of account for that going into it. Does that sound about right, Tony, and and Kelly, from your guys' assessment on that one? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's correct. done. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love it. &gt;&gt; I mean, they started with an asking price that really would have put it at a at a almost like a six cap, which is insane for the Acron market. So, we underwrote it. We submitted an LOI at uh it really it really underwrites at 2 million, but we went in at 2,ion50 and um and of course they counted back at 2375. And I had a meeting with the brokers and I said, "Guys, we're using your financials. You take your NOI, divide it by what you're asking, and it's a and it's and it's a a cap rate that you know and I know is not realistic for that market. &gt;&gt; And and then and then I know I knew Kelly and they said, "Well, you know, we've got another LOI that's higher than yours." [laughter] And the thing is I knew it was Kelly. So So then, you know, so then we just kind of been been uh chatting about, you know, what's a strategy here to, you know, going forward because it really it really will not pencil. I mean, you want to stretch 2-1 is it and I mean that's even that's a stretch. Um &gt;&gt; and uh yeah, so any rate uh um but yeah, so it's been it's been kind of comical. She and I spent some time on the phone earlier today just discussing the whole deal and and and Justin the same strategy. I told her I go, "Look, I already sent them an email. We're not budging from two, you know, 2.05." I go, "Why don't you counter back at 2-1 and if we take it down, let's let's just cop the thing." So, anyway, &gt;&gt; well, no, and that's that's exactly what happened on a deal a few years ago in Kansas City uh that I think I'd mentioned to you guys is um I saw it come up from the broker pre-market, pre-market, it was going to go on the market and I looked at the area. I knew it cuz we just previously closed on another deal. And so I told our partner on the ground there in Kansas City, I said, "You need to run over cuz the broker's over there at the property and run as fast as possible and throw the LOI like at him like physically and tell them we're signing it like now." Uh, and so you get the point. He runs over there and lo and behold, our property manager is walking off the property who we know quite well and we're like, you know, Brandon, what's up? like what are you guys doing here? He's like, "Oh, you know, looks like we're going to offer on the property and we're we put an offer in." So, we started laughing. So, we kind of chatted it up briefly and then we let the broker walk away and we said, "Hey, Brandon, listen rather than us fight over this thing and jack up the price and do none of us any good. Let's let's partner on it." And we took down that deal and cogped it, co- general partnered it, and it was great. and everybody's done very very well on it and uh it turned out awesome. So that's the beauty of collaborations and partnerships and because the deals are larger, right? 10 20 30 40 units, there's zeros in the game, it makes sense to go around and do that and that allows your money to scale and go farther. So that's why uh it's it's advantageous not to fight over it and sit there and you know jack up the price for for what you know. So, I think that's great that you guys found out it was between you two and then now you can leverage it, right? And so, you gota gota play the game a little bit, as I like to say. Play the game. Um, yeah. So, let me pull up this little one here and then um anything else? I know Craig, we went over a deal yesterday that I thought was super interesting up in um in uh Wisconsin in Madison. Is it Was it in Madison, Craig, or outside of Madison? Apple &gt;&gt; Appleton Wisconsin. Um I mean, you know, listen, I don't know the cap rates fully up in that market or all that stuff, but I think they're underwriting it currently at like a a technically their asking price. It's for 96 units. They want $9.5 million, almost $100,000 a unit. That technically is like a 4.75 cap rate. I mean, I know my my eyes lit up as well. I'm like, listen, who's representing? It looks like a residential broker because their OM on it is a disaster. Um, in terms of their marketing materials and stuff, but I I was like I we we looked at it real quick and I think we what did we have it pegged at? Like uh 6 million. &gt;&gt; Yeah, around six million. It came into just below a seven cap. Yeah, &gt;&gt; right. And that was that was uh uh aggressive because realistically you should probably be placed somewhere in the sevens in that market for for for cap rates just in general because what's what thing to kind of understand too in certain and it's not it's not across the board but in upper Midwest markets you know take that anywhere in the middle part of the country from you know Tennessee out to the middle part of the country in north of Texas you know you're not going to get these big jumps. in natural appreciation. So, you can do value ad, but it needs to be forced where you're going in and you're either improving operations drastically because maybe it's being really poorly operated or you're going in and forcing it through improvements, renovations, and taking rents from $100 to $200, right? 200 to 400, stuff like that because that forces the value ad appreciation because you're not going to get it naturally, right? Because rents only go up so much. you know, you're going to have uh much more appreciation and then you're going to have much more cap rate compression when they go down in more coastal markets in the United States just because there's more money moving in those markets and you tend to see those things trade at lower cap rates. Does everybody understand that um how the cap rate game works? Meaning, when you're selling a property, you want the cap rate to be low. And what the cap rate is, just so everybody understands this definition-wise, cap rate is essentially your cash on cash return if you had no debt, no loans on the property. So whatever that number is, if it's 7%, that tells you that the cash on cash return is 7% if I had zero loans on the property. Okay? And so when you're looking at that, you want the cap rates if you're a seller to be low because that means that your value is high. and vice versa. If you're buying it, you'd like the cap rate to be higher and then have the ability to sell lower later. And that's that's the game of cap rates. Does that thumbs up if that makes sense? Because sometimes people look at that. It confuses them. It confused me when I first got into the space. It confused me as to okay, so I want cap rates low when I sell. I want cap rates high when I buy. And yes, the answer is yes. And here's the reason why. All right. Like if I were to come in here, I'll share my screen and just kind of show you. All right. Like if you were to take this property here, I'm going to zoom in so you can see how the math works. Okay. But if I came over here on the IRRa tab and you see these cap rates that I'm presuming coming across the board, right? 8%. So when I go sell this property in year six, it's taking the net operating income, which is this line right here, divided by the cap rate, which is right here. And that's getting me the value right here. So that's what that is doing. It's taking these two cells and that's getting me the valuation. So if if I were buying, let's say I was buying the property, I was buying it, I could buy it at a nine. Watch what happens to the value. Goes down to a million six. And same thing if I took this thing and I bought it at an eight and three years later, I could sell it at a six cap because the market allowed that. Look what happens, right? I just made $600,000 by allowing the market to compress, you know, through interest rates. That's just what happened when the boom went up and everything went up. When interest rates are super low at 2 3%. Then what happens is cap rates tend to go down, right? They stay just above the interest rates, but they go down. That allows things and values to go way up. So when people sit here and they wonder like, oh, why did values go crazy? Because money gets cheap. And when money gets cheap, it allows properties to sell at lower cap rates because interest rates are also lower. And then that allows the values to rip up naturally. And this is where you can make a gob of money if you are happen to hit the market, right? But that's the the relationship between cap rates and uh your values. Okay? And no different if I came in here and let and we all know this if you're able to simply bump the rents on a property and take like and take the net operating income, right, which is 144 a year. Let's say I bumped that just 12,000 bucks, right? So, if it was a 12unit property and I increased the rents $100 a month, that's all I did, right? So, that's $1,200 a month increase. And for simple math, let's say it's $14,000 for the year. So, that would go from $144,000 to $158,000. Right? So, if I simply put in here 158,000 now versus 144, I in I didn't do anything but increase the rent $100 a month. It's all I did. Watch what happens to the value. Right? I simply did that and I added $233,000 to the value and I did nothing but bump the rents 100 bucks a month. That's it. Nothing else. So, just understanding the power of just increasing rents, right? Just increasing rents. Yeah. And haime you have questions on the radar. Uh yeah, we we'll absolutely go over that here. Not a problem. Um, so yeah, it's just understanding that the kind of the power of when you're going through this thing and you're working on the analyzer and why that's important because if you know, if you can compress cap rates and increase rents, you make a gob of money. I mean, that's cuz it's financials. That's it has everything to do with the financials. It has nothing to do with uh how I feel. If I can get the property to operate better, that's where the money's at. And so when you're looking at these deals, you have to ask yourself, okay, how can I increase rents and how can I decrease expenses or how can I increase rents and then also uh increase the net operating income? Because if I can increase this net operating income, I win with all else being equal. So that's really important. Okay, cool. But yeah, so that's kind of on this one. So on this partic specific deal, this is the one in Lancing, Michigan that he has under contract. And let me see if I can pull up the aerial here. Going to show you this deal. And you know, just kind of zooming in on this thing. You know, what's what's nice about it is it you know, you got a park on one side. It's all surrounded by residential as you can kind of see. Tucks in here pretty nicely. And good little pocket. Little tire store next door, but nothing crazy. And if I drop into the road, you know, you'll notice it here. I mean, you know, basic little property, good little pocket. Crime rate fine. All that stuff's fine. He's taking a look at school zones and all that, but you know, basic little property. And, you know, when you're looking at this, you know, the first thing I'm looking at when I'm walking these things, number one, it's pretty cool. They have cameras. Um, but I'll look at the sighting. I'll look at the brick. See if there's any, you know, cracks in it, anything like that. You'll notice they retrofitted the windows. See, these windows look newer, right? They're the newer vinyl windows. What I'm also noticing, it's a three-story building, but it's technically like a 2 and 1/2 cuz this area down here is about 3 4 feet subterranean. Uh, very similar to our like it's a standard mid Midwest building. Standard Midwest building. Um, parking is in the rear, which is nice. You have parking along the side. You have carports in the back. But yeah, overall like a, you know, clean little building. um he can come in here and increase curb appeal and maybe some new awnings and kind of paint things up a little better and all that. Um and I told him too, I said, "Hey, look at these things. These are your ACs that are in wall. So, you're going to want to inspect all those things along with your your boilers, hot water heater systems, and all that and furnaces and all that. The tire store, that's that's fine. You know, that wouldn't bother me. You know, it's not it's not a junkyard. you know that. So, it's it's fine. The good thing it's not a liquor store. It's not a convenience store. It's not a 247 where people hang out, you know, and crime can happen or marijuana place or dispensary, all that stuff. So, pretty pretty pretty standard. Um, lighting's good, but I'd probably change out the lighting, you know, repaint some things. But overall, you know, clean little property, little 23 unit, and he can come in here and add some improvements, you know, raise the rents and all that. and uh do a nice job. Uh one thing that was interesting and I I asked him I said, "What do you notice?" And I'd ask the same question to all of you. What do you guys notice looking at the aerial a little more closeup on the aerial? I'm curious. &gt;&gt; Say that again. &gt;&gt; What do you notice looking at the aerial that's a little closer up? &gt;&gt; Roof. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, there's some wear and tear on the roof. I told them, you know, make sure that gets inspected well. Uh they've clearly had some weather, right? And you can see some of the dry stain marks and all that stuff coming off it just over time. Uh maybe they've had some hail, other things going on. So, just to take a peek at it and pay attention to it and get that inspected pretty good because, you know, that could be, you know, that could be a $100,000 cost at some point. So, if um you know, you just you want to know what that looks like, that's all. and you don't want to buy the property and then three years from now you have to fork out a 100k to go fix the roof. So you you can negotiate this in the deal somehow shape or form. And he's like, "Well, what if there's 5 years left on it and there's no issues? There's no leaks. There's no issues. And you know, I understand it's not in great condition, but how do I negotiate that?" And I said, "Well, you show them the report and you say, "Listen, here's the deal. I don't expect you to pay for all of it because, you know, it's you're not having a bunch of issues at the moment, but you're about to. Meaning, if nobody buys this property, get ready. So, all I'm asking is that we share in this right now because I can't take on all this cost, whether it's a year from now, two years from now, whatever it may be. And so, we need to you look into that together and just see what you can negotiate, right? And you you want to get a bid, right? And and work through that bid together. Um, and you you'll come to a happy medium hopefully, unless you have a really stubborn seller, but then at the same time, you have to, you know, risk assessment on it. But whether you deal I can tell you right now, you're going to deal with this either now or if you go try and sell this thing 5 years from now, you're dealing with the roof. So, you're either going to pay for it now or you're going to pay for it when you go sell this thing a few years from now, guaranteed. Because what do you think the next buyer is going to do? and then that now you're 5 years down the line and now it's 5 years older and now they're going to hit you even harder. So the these are things to kind of consider uh when you're looking at it. So anyhow, he's taking a peek at that. Uh Craig, I see your hand up. Yeah, speaking of roofs, um, one of the real estate groups I'm in here locally, they have an insurance agent that they're pretty good uh, connections with and he comes to the meetings and he's always preaching about and I was just wondering if this is a state bystate thing or kind of an thing. He told me that insurance companies will not touch a building with a roof over 10 years old. Is that true? where they won't even look at them until you put a new roof on if you're buying it. &gt;&gt; I don't know. I mean, I guess it probably is state to state and probably insurance company to insurance company. &gt;&gt; Uh I know that there are some even on fire protection and fire things that uh are a big deal. So, that's definitely insurance company to insurance company and certain ones want to do certain things in certain states and other things. But that's why you get a good insurance broker or a couple of them, right? I mean, we have a we have a few of them in our system in the back end under the vendors area of your portal that you know you can reach out to now, build a relationship, especially if you're looking at look looking in a certain market, I would simply shoot them an email or a text saying, "Hey, you know, I'm so and so. I'm in Justin's, you know, multifamily mentorship. You know, I'm looking at deals in Michigan and I want to get an idea of general insurance cost on, you know, 1970s buildings. You know, here's an example of what I'm looking at. I just want to get a decent idea, just a ballpark idea of what you're seeing in that market. And they'll they'll give you a guidance. They'll say, "Hey, we're seeing insurance right around $800 a unit right now, like or $8 to $900 a unit." They'll give you that ballpark. So that way now you have good guidance specific to your area because every state is different as we all know, right? Every state's different. So that is no different than that's why you want to set up you know we have our lenders and our capital partners that go nationwide. Yes. But uh you want to dig in to the local region for local commercial banks specifically even on smaller deals like this which is why the section of that road map is setting up your market which is the lenders as well and getting two or three of these lenders in your pocket locally because they'll do a lot of the financing even on these smaller buildings like this. They're really great at that. Credit unions, local commercial, regional banks, um, they love this type of stuff. Smaller balance, right around a million bucks, you know, loan amount or less. They'll do it all day long and they love it. They love it. Uh, Sandon, &gt;&gt; yes. Uh, I just wanted on this one, it was listed for 13. So, how quickly did Michael get the LOI and then get to the accepted offer? And uh where is he? Um what did they accept &gt;&gt; on on this one in Lancing? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So he's finalizing the PSA now. I want to say he's at like a million2 and some change. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So let me uh show you what I mean. I think what I'm what I'm looking at what I'm going to show you is I think higher than where he's at it or going into contract. &gt;&gt; They bought it in 2021 for 11 one I think. So um &gt;&gt; right. And that was kind of right. Depending on when it sold there, that could be, &gt;&gt; you know, things still went up 2021, 2022. Didn't start to really peak until 2022. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; 125 is where he's under contract. &gt;&gt; Uh, one two &gt;&gt; one two. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a little bit higher, but I think he's in a one two, but yeah, little 23 unit, you know, 6%. Um, he's got 6.6 on his interest rate right now. He already has a lender locked up. uh he's got half the capital already raised, but he's, you know, he's not raising a ton of money, right? This is once again kind of, you know, why you want to stick in this, remember I was saying kind of in that 50,000 to 150,000 a unit. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Because if you stick in that ballpark of 50,000 to 150,000 per unit, then your capital raise and your loan amount will be more bite-sizable. Right? If you were at $100,000 a unit, then you'd be at a million um for you'd be at 2.3 million, right? So now you'd have a million something loan fine. And this may double this may be 900 grand, right? Or somewhere in there for your your raise still under a million dollars, you know, and stuff like that. So it's just keeping in that pocket. It's just going to allow the capital raise to be bite-sizable, loan amounts to be more bite-sizable, and keeping it in range. Um, that's that's why we kind of try and get people focused in there for your first and your second deals. But yeah, everything looks good on the expense ratios, these rents. You know, he's going to bump them up. It's a pretty stabilized property, but he's going to bump them 50 bucks a unit by doing that and then just cash flow. But the cash flow numbers look, I mean, they're super healthy. I mean, they look good and these are legit. Like, these are good numbers. I mean, they're they're [clears throat] not based on pie in the sky. So, um, you know, he's using an 8% on the exit cap rate, which is right in line with where Michigan's at, you know, 7 to 8%. So, he's he's underwriting it pretty well. Um, and everything else looks pretty good on it. Um, you know, rent bumps, you know, these could change a little bit, but that's that's in line. I think this is the only number that may change. I think he may he's he's trying to see if he can operate better at an 8% economic loss, including vacancy, you know, concessions, loss to lease, bad debt. Uh I think he'll end up being closer to 10%. But even at that, right, when you stress test it and you run at that, it's still quite healthy, right? And you're still producing a good uh IRRa on it. And then if you know depending on what type of loan he puts on this thing. But let's say for example and and here's something we're actually going to update this thing because a lot of people are you looking into the cash out refi game right? You know hey what if I refinance this property in year three right? What if I refinance in year three? Uh so let's take this because if he's buying it at a million called a million2 and in year three it's uh a million562 and he's [clears throat] probably going to go with a 5-year loan on this thing. Probably 5 years. So let's say right around I mean this is what I would probably do. This is this is how I would play this game on this deal is I would come in I would run the loan for five years. See how the value at 8 an 8 cap in year five is going to be about a million670. Okay. So with that in mind, you're going to be able to come in here and if I come here, I [clears throat] can take this loan amount. Let's take it times 7. Let's multiply it times 70%. I'm taking 70% of the value and I'm going to get a new loan. Everybody following me on that? So, let's say that that happens, right? So, that's my loan amount. I'm just going to hand do this real quick. And then I want to subtract the payoff of the old loan. So, minus I'm going to come to the loan amount here of 875. I'm going to pay off that loan amount. What happened there? Uh J Oh, 7hu. That's why. So, I'm going to net almost 300,000 bucks. 294,000 net on that. So, what I could do with this is now I'm going to this increases my cash flow. I could pay off a vast majority of the investor's money in here, which is 470,000 and or find a way to pay them out alto together, right? Because maybe if I'm lucky enough, let's say I I hit it just right and by the year five cap rates have compressed a little bit, even to 7 12%. Let's say the cap rate goes down and compresses just a little bit. Right now I'm at 370 on my payoff. And if I get super lucky and I hit the 7%, now I'm paying off my investors alto together, right? And now, so think about this. I came in this deal I came in the deal with $47,000 out of pocket. My investors are in this deal for $423. Right? And now year five comes around. I've I've made money for them. I've gotten them a good return on their money. Everybody's happy. And I go and I say, "Hey, I'm going to refinance this thing. And now I'm going to pay off my investors." And I got a cap rate of 7% in the market. And I pay off my investors. And now I own 100% of this building free and clear of any investors. And I use their money to do it. That's how the game can be played. We've done this, right? Right. And and the investors are stoked. They're happy because they've gotten, you know, a 16 17% a year return. Plus, they've wiped out income taxes. And the first question they're going to have for you is when's the next deal, right? Where do I sign up? This is great. You know, I got a great return on my money every single year. And you and you wiped out taxes for me, too. You know, let's go do another one. And meanwhile, you still own this 23 unit building all by yourself now with no investors. you know, and you were able to do that within a 5year window. So, because the values, you know, in this market went up and you just had a little bit of cap rate compression and you used it to your advantage and you refinance the property with a new loan on it and now you've paid back all your investors all their money and away you go. Away you go. So, that's that's kind of how to look at these things, too. But we're gonna, you know, I'm gonna presume what we're going to do. We'll probably build in a formula into these things in here. I'll get with my uh my guy to figure out the best way to do that. Uh, so that way you can select which year you're going to refi and it'll go ahead and do the calculation down here and put in the free cash flow that's going to be produced from that refinance and then calculate it because what's going to happen is it's going to boost up your IRRa right here and it's also going to increase your cash on cash returns right here as well. Right? So, but that'll do that if you're [clears throat] going to do your refi. it'll showcase that. So, we'll we'll add in another little line item here. Uh so, that way if you select, hey, I'm going to refinance the property. It's just an assumption. I'm going to refinance in year four. Okay. It'll go ahead and plug it in. It'll do the calc for you and show you what the returns may change to based on that. So, we'll do that. Awesome. Um any questions on what I kind of just showed you on that? But that's kind of the value in that in that refinance game uh as you're kind of going through it. It's pretty cool. Pretty cool. Uh Craig, I saw you see that John. How you doing, man? Good. Thank you. &gt;&gt; So, I got I'm looking at an OM today that they uh they had some capex they did um on the property in the last year or whatever, but they had that in the income statement. So, when I doing those expenses, the their reserve account was down to like a $1,200 or $1,800. Do I do I still take that same amount up from reserves and then do I take that uh income that they spend on capex and not include that in what they in the repair and maintenance since it's different? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's kind of one of those catch 22s, right? It depends on what the items are. And we were looking at this even on another deal. um you know, if they're having if if you go into those items and they're replacing a boiler uh or they're replacing um you know uh carpet and some turn stuff and other things that's not necessarily a capex. I mean, I understand they see it as a capex, but it's really not uh a capex because it's happening often enough where you &gt;&gt; call appliance and flooring. Appliance and so but appliances are going to break, right? I mean, you're going to have it happen a couple times a year, &gt;&gt; probably in the order that it happened for them, you know? So that's I understand that they want to say it's a capex because you're technically improving the property, but it's kind of deferred maintenance because you got to it's got to work to keep the place rented, &gt;&gt; right? Meaning if you I guarantee they didn't get any more rent by replacing the dishwasher, &gt;&gt; right? And I guarantee they didn't get any more rent by changing out the flooring. &gt;&gt; I mean, I don't think so. They probably had to keep the rent the same and the flooring was just so bad that they had to replace it cuz it was nasty. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. So that's kind of like a turnover cost. That's the make ready turnover line item. So that's why you want to have that. And so that should take place. That turnover cost right there. That turnover line item will handle flooring, right? It's not going to handle appliances, but it would handle flooring. Um, so it's a little bit of both. I mean, what I would personally do is I would keep I would total up what all that stuff is that they kept in the income statement. I would probably take 50% of it and stick it below the line of the net operating income line and keep 50% of it in &gt;&gt; because, you know, I guarantee some of that stuff. I understand what they're saying, but it's not all capex even though they say it's improving the property. If they had to replace a refrigerator, &gt;&gt; it's because it was broken. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I do that a lot too now. So, like roofs and the sewer line, water line, electrical, just the main &gt;&gt; that's all deferred maintenance. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's the low maintenance. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're not going to get more rent by changing the roof. I guarantee it. And if they have to replace the sewer line, tenants aren't paying them more rent. So, the difference between capex and deferred maintenance is that question. Did it increase rent. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; And if it increased rent, it's a capex. If it didn't increase rent, probably not a capex. So, that's why I would take 50% of it to be fair. I'd give them a little bit, but I'd keep a little bit in there because you're probably going to have to deal with some of that. &gt;&gt; Perfect. &gt;&gt; As a normal operational expense. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; So, cool. Um, but yeah, you know, deals like this and stuff, uh, you know, they're they're penciling and they're working. So, I think that's, uh, important to keep in mind as you're looking for these deals. Um, you know, even some of these states like, you know, initially, um, you know, Illinois, uh, I mean, Michigan's a Michigan's a good state, but, you know, some some of the deals even in Illinois are looking pretty good if you're in certain pockets. And then the landlord tenant laws are are fair in those pockets, too. They're out of the the urban zones of Chicago and stuff, and they're in some other zones. So, that's just some something to keep in mind. um even if you're looking in some of the blue states that sometimes have tougher landlord laws. So because there are deals to be had there. Um beautiful Brian, good to see you on here. Um and then what I want to do, let me jump in for the last 10 minutes here. I know Haime you wanted to look at the real estate radar. You had some questions on that. So let me bring that up real quick and let's walk through that. Let me share my screen here. Cool. Um, so yeah, honey, what is your main question? &gt;&gt; Hi Justin. Yeah. So my question with the raider is basically uh because you get like different prices. So and then whenever you look into like a property &gt;&gt; you get like on the right side like these notes that says like upside down cash buyer free and clear or whatever. So I'm just used to using coaster. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, and like all of these properties over here, are they actually on sale or they just &gt;&gt; Yeah. All these properties are just properties, right? So, you have about 130 million that you can search for here in the US. So, I can come in here and I could just say, you know, Ohio, if I wanted to start in Ohio, right? State Ohio. &gt;&gt; And just start pulling that up. It'll take a second here. That's big state with a lot of properties. So you got 770,000. And then we come in here. What I typically will do is number number one I want to do it by uh property type. So um go back here real quick. Should have me do um there we go. Multif family. Sorry. Got that. and or &gt;&gt; and then the units, right? &gt;&gt; Correct. Yep. So, I'll come down here to the number of units and I'll cap it at maybe 50. I'll keep everything else, you know, the same for now. And then another thing you can do to get, you know, different um uh some better leads is like right now you're down to 177,000, right? That's still a lot. But I could come in here and now filter it down by um loan maturity date. Where was that at? Where did I miss that? Nice. Oh, mortgage info. Here we go. Loan maturity date. Let's call between now and the end of the year, right? Let's take it out to December of this year and do that. So now I'm down to 1300. So these are 1,300 multifamily properties in the state of Ohio under 50 units and under. The loans are maturing this calendar year, which tells me that that owner has to do something. They're either going to refinance or they're going to sell. That's it. They have two options on planet Earth. Refinance or sell the property. So I can then take a peek at these things and start looking into them, right? All right. And they could tell you if they have high equity, if they're delinquent on taxes. You know, this loaner's owned it for a bit. They say upside down, but I'd probably want to look into that. U pre-foreclosure. I don't know exactly what that means. That's 39 units. So, I mean, interesting. I don't know. You have to take a look at that. But it it segments down. You're you're looking at a lot, you know, less than that. And you can come in here technically hit all of these. It's going to add You just saw that thing pop up. It's going to add all of those. Uh, I could come here to 100 per page. It It would add a hundred at a time if I clicked it. See how it pops in? It's going to add all 100 leads to my my leads up here in the contact section. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; it add them in there. And then from there, I can I can actually scrub them as they would call that &gt;&gt; and run phone numbers, emails, uh, property addresses, like mailing addresses for everything. And then I can set up a marketing campaign to do direct mail either postcards or letters right out of the system. &gt;&gt; Okay. But other of my question is what what's the difference? Because so sometimes like in the map you get like this uh blue clouds or whatever and then whenever you click on into them like the price is way different. So like yeah &gt;&gt; just for me like to have like kind of a guidance like &gt;&gt; which number should I like actually follow up into &gt;&gt; yeah I wouldn't even use I mean quite honestly it's really hard for these things to even estimate values. I mean I don't even know how they're trying to do it. Um so I wouldn't even use that uh as a baseline for it. I would just be looking at unit count and then going in and assessing that value first. like, do I like the property, right? I mean, that's what I'm looking at first. Do I like the property? Do I like the market? Is this something I I should add to my leads list over here? And then once I have all the properties on my leads list, now I can do what's called skip tracing on them. And that'll pull up phone numbers. It'll also pull up emails and any other contact data for that particular owner, mailing address for the LLC, right? Because it's typically owned by an LLC. And that way, I could start a campaign to them. I could even start a direct mail. I could start postcards, direct letters, right? Mailing letters and all that stuff. It's all done right in the system and it automates it all. So that way you can build that rapport with direct to owners because the I I won't even look at the the pricing to be honest with you cuz it's going to be so wrong. Like it has no idea to how to value. It's probably basing it off of the assessed value which is tax records. That means nothing, right? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I wouldn't even look at the values. is I would just look at the unit count. Do I like the area? Do I like the property? And should I put them in my leads list over here? And then from there now I can skip trace all these things, right? And it's called lead tracing where I can run phone numbers or I can start a direct mail campaign, right? And all that stuff. Andor if I let's say I was I made an offer on the property. Let's say I like whittleled it all down and I made an offer on it. I was tracking that property. I can actually check it here. add it to what's called my scrum board. That's like a lead board, like a pipeline board. And that way, when if I add it there, now it's going to go in and I can come down here to um my scrum board and it'll show up in there. And that way I can track that property through its entire process. &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. Thanks. Yeah, there's a bunch of videos if you go into like in in the back end of your guys' portal. If you're using Real Estate Radar, if you go into your portal there in the Real Estate Radar thumbnail, there's a a link to like four to six how-to videos. And I'm literally going through the system on a topic. They're like four to six minute videos that break down exactly how to use each section that's most important in the software. So that way you can get the most out of it. And it's, as you know, it's included, you know, when you're coming in here in the beginning. So, but it's great if you're trying to go direct to the owner because none of these properties are on market, you know, and and and these properties may be selling, right? They may be selling or they may be refinancing this year, but it'd be nice to know because at some point the seller will sell, right? At some point, they'll sell. And then if you can get direct to the owners and then avoid the brokers, there's a good chance you're going to get a better deal. number one, but then also avoid commissions and broker fees and all the other stuff. I mean, there's a decent chunk of deals that go off market. Like, don't even touch the brokers. So, but this is how you would utilize that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. Thanks, Justin. &gt;&gt; You bet. Uh, Cristiano, we have time for about one more question. &gt;&gt; Hi, Justin. uh just like a technology question you know on uh your AI on CH GPT I've been using it like in the last week or two and since quite impressive I wanted to know how reliable it is if came across hallucinations how that's what they call in the AI world uh yeah so just like get some comments on it um and what's the difference like with using regular chart GPT compared to your the GPT you develop and how you train just wanted to have some inform that &gt;&gt; yeah so going in I'm showing you the edit section of it so this is specific to multif family we've basically taken my brain and input it into this thing and we've added all these data files for it to reference including the deal analyzer that all of you guys are using and all of our downloads letters of intent you know pitch decks due diligence checklist list. I mean, you name it, right? It's got all this data to reference, plus the deal analyzer, so it knows how to you look at the deals specific to the metrics that you're looking for to guide you through that. And then it's going to give it a whole, hey, you're going to act like this. You are you are Justin Brennan. [laughter] Act and respond in the first person as me, right? And all these other things in here, right? And we're we're building out the voice on it right now. So, you can actually talk to it and my voice will talk back to you like I am right now. So, it's it's all in in uh you know, be punchy, motivational, no fluff. Uh give fifth grade explanations to complex topics [laughter] as best you can. On and on and on, right? It's a whole prompting system in it. And we're building it. It's getting smarter. And every single time any of you guys use this, it gets smarter, right? When you guys keep putting this thing in here, it's getting smarter. And so we're building it to the point where between the voice and then the AR that's coming in, the augmented reality. I mean, we're not too far away where I want it to be where you'll be able to literally open your phone. You'll pull up in front of a property. You'll open up your chat GPT, click on Multifamily Mentor AI, and say, "Hey, Justin, I'm in front of 123 East Street. You know, can you walk this property with me?" And you can click on this thing and I'm going to literally pop out because you're going to have augmented reality contact lenses. This is where it's going. Right now you have metag glasses, you have oculars, that's all cool, but it's all going to go to the contact lenses here in the next couple years. And you're going to say, "Walk the property with me." And then you're going to have your contact lenses on. I'm going to get out of the car. I'm going to walk the property in real time with you. We're going to go inside units. We're going to walk the outside. We're going to look at the neighborhood together. I'm going to get in the car with you. We're going to drive around. We're going to take a look at Michigan, you know, wherever you want to go and I'm literally going to be sitting in the car with you as an AR avatar, you know, me, just a computerized version, you know, human. And I'm going to have my voice and I'm going to have my AR body. But the augmented reality with the AI is where it's headed. and it's going to overlay on your real world environment, which is why you're going to wear contact lenses. So that way pretty much call it the metaverse AR and the real world are all interchanged. It's all one experience any like big mistakes or in like data analysis or or &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So it really comes down to the prompting, right? Which is why if if you go in in your portal in that thumbnail for the mentor AI and you open it up, &gt;&gt; there's about four or six prompts in there, custom prompts that we have teed up specific to this that you can use. So that way it's like anything when you prompt it the correct way, it's going to give you the the correct data back, right? If you prompt it the wrong way, maybe you get mismatched info. But that's why we gave you those prompts, very specific. So, if you go into the mentor thumbnail in there, download those prompts, you can just use them and copy and paste them in here when you're, hey, show me a great market, you know, show me how to analy all those prompts. Very specific. So, that way you get the most out of it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And yeah, I mean, quite impressive. Been using it and uh seems quite accurate, but &gt;&gt; yeah. No, it's it's getting better and better and better and smarter and smarter. So, we we can see it happening. Um, it just depends on how we're using it, but we'll we're going to keep leaping into it because I mean, as we all know, that's where everything's headed. So, uh, the sooner people get on board with it, uh, and start adopting it, the better, the better. So, &gt;&gt; thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you bet. All right, everybody. Um, appreciate it. Hope this was helpful. Any questions? Obviously, you know, chime in in the chat and stuff, but it's great to see deals going into contract and people doing things. And if you're having struggles and stuff, let us know so we can kind of lean in and jump on even if it's a quick call. It's a quick call. Uh skip tracing is built into radar. Uh Sanden. Yeah, it's all built in there. So you can get phone numbers, emails, all that stuff. Awesome. Cool. Everybody have a great evening. Appreciate you coming on. We'll be in touch.