Testing one, two, three. Hello everybody. Come on in. Happy Thursday. See everybody's faces coming in here. Not your faces, your names. So, we got Brian, we got Bruce, Don, got Joshua, Julian. Good to see you in here, sir. Uh, we got Tony Rodriguez. Angie, good to see you also. and then Michelle. Beautiful. Well, happy uh Thursday for some of you. You maybe are on other parts of the world for for one of you. Uh Julian, chime in in the chat. So, you guys can all get in the chat. So, Julian's newer to the community. Uh he's currently in Lithuania, uh but owns stuff in um Maryland, in Michigan, and so forth. So, um you know, chiming in on that front. own several properties currently, just looking to get in and expand into the multifamily. Um, but yeah, for anybody kind of in that upper Midwest that a lot of folks are kind of at, you know, whether you're in Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio, Indiana, and kind of walking into there into the Kentucky range and so forth in that upper Midwest, Missouri, uh, and so forth. great little markets for everybody to to collaborate on and to share deals and capital and opportunities. So, um yeah, check in on that. I'm going to double check make sure before we get going here as everybody's kind of coming on in. Couple things we're going to go over today is number one that kind of that pitch deck because we shared that last week. uh as you know as you know you have it inside of your portal that's in a PowerPoint form but then also we went ahead and shared it on Canva via a link. Uh I needed to clarify and I should clarify for you that on Canva you want to make sure that you make a copy of it that you don't just edit that link because I I should have made that clear. I did not and I think people started just editing that link. Uh you'll want to make a copy of that and then you can edit your copy of it if that makes sense inside Canva which is for some people it's an easier platform to work with. Uh it's much easier for us now. We don't even use PowerPoint but a lot of people still do. So we created the pitch deck for you in PowerPoint and but you have that ability inside of uh Canva to do that as well. So, um, any wins, losses, chime into the chat on anything like that? I see Brian thumbs up in here. Um, yeah, any wins or losses since Tuesday at all that you want to share and then we'll kind of get started. But yeah, I'm going to show you kind of the pitch deck to make sure you guys are using that correctly for when you actually have a deal. Uh, and many of you at this case are kind of like locking up some deals right now. you're kind of in that uh I call it that that dead space between okay we have an accepted deal or we're going to get it one of the two you're right there and hey we're going to go to contract an actual legal contract purchase contract um that window can be 7 to 14 days and how do we work within that time frame to start kind of putting some marketing stuff together to then begin the process of raising some money Okay. Raising some money. Um, you do not need to purchase anything, Bruce. Yeah, Canva is a free platform. Uh, you just create a free account. Let me kind of I'll show you what I'm talking about. So, you can go right into Canva. Like, this is ours, for example. And I have this uh saved in here as the template pitch. Now, somebody already started editing that one. That's okay. But yes, you'll want to kind of come in here and clone it, make a copy of it. And that way you'll have your own copy inside of your own Canva account because it's a shared link. Okay. But yeah, when you open it up, it's a very editable, you know, thing. Everything here is editable. And this is all very good stuff, by the way. Um, and I don't Is Michael in here? Because this is, I think, his deal. Let me see if he's in here. Uh, he is not in here this morning. Uh, but yeah, so this is Michael's deal that he locked up a 30 unit in Louisville, Kentucky. great deal. By the way, this could be one that keep in mind co-artnerships happen a lot. Okay? And it's very important, especially if you're signing on different things, doing parts of the deal. To give you an idea, different roles and responsibilities inside a apartment deal look like this. And I'm going to share it with you. and you have access to this. So, this is inside of your portal. It's in the back end in your download section. And then what we did recently, just so you all know to make things because just by request, right, people wanted things a little more organized in certain areas and so forth. But let me show you what I'm talking about. So that way you kind of know where you can go get the things if you haven't already been inside their fort. Do this. [Music] Okay. So, in your uh the actual mentorship program section for you, you would come right down here to downloads. All of them are in this section. If you just want to click all downloads, they're all in there. So, everything's in here and we're adding it and changing it and tweaking it. Uh we did update the updated uh deal analyzer. You have two of them in here, but this is the one for 0 to 50 unit properties. That one was updated this morning to unlock a cell in there for you that was locked up. So, that's taken care of. But you would also have the pitch deck and all the other stuff in here, right? So, we put it in there so it's all in one spot. But what we also did was set it up that you have it categorized out by, hey, the first 90 days and kind of the action guides and stuff in there, glossery terms, you know, putting it into, hey, finding deals section for locating brokers, websites, investor checklists, analyzing deals, right? The deal analyzers, due diligence, underwriting tips, all the financing because that's the biggest part for people. So all this stuff and all the downloads are categorized by that for you. closing the deals, right? The section for closing, all the acquisitions checklist, the vendors and systems, the purchase contracts, the templates, all that stuff in there. And then management side down here closed. Okay, so property, that's the property manager hiring guide. Um, so all that's in there both in the large section, but also categorized out for you depending on how you like to view information. Okay, so we wanted to set it up that way. So just so you know, when you come in here to do your pitch deck, we shared the link with you. We'll put it in the back end again so everybody has it. But you would come in here and when you get that link, you know, make a copy of it. So that way there's a copy of it and you don't actually edit the main link. Okay? Uh not a huge deal, but it's important that you do that. So now you'll have your own version and copy on your uh your Canva account. Does that make sense for everybody? So that way it'll make it a little bit easier. Uh and you can edit inside Canva, which I personally think is better than PowerPoint. Um, so that I hope that answers your question, Bruce, on that front. And then in terms of roles and responsibilities, so when you do a um an apartment deal, right? And I'm talking anything north of five units, like that's an apartment multifamily apartment building. If you ever have a co-artner, right, on these deals, these are the different roles and responsibilities. And this Excel spreadsheet is inside of your portal. It's in the back end. So that way you can download this and you can use it for yourself if you have a co-artnership or you're thinking, hey, should I bring in this person because they're good at raising money or should I bring in this person because they can sign on the loan with me or should I bring in this person so they can do this or do that and I can do this and I can do that. That's great. But you also then want to have that in, you know, pretty clear so you don't have a fight going on later down the road because you're like, well, you said you'd do this and you said you'd do that and you'd get this and you'd get that and then you have a storm. So, we don't want storms. We want it simple. So, this is very common. It's called a cogp responsibilities tab. And everything is allocated like this. A total of 100% of the general partnership in the deal. And then you can allocate and you can change these numbers the but these are pretty standard right pretty standard across the board. So if you're finding the deal in terms of the general partnership percentage you would get 5%. If you were the person that found the deal and brought it to the table. If you're the person that's doing a lot of the due diligence and pulling up the data and the information and the physical inspections and doing a lot of this due diligence stuff like it's a lot of work. you get 10% of the GP for that. If you're the guy on the ground, because let's say you have two partners and one's in, you know, Wyoming and the other one is local on the ground where the property's at. Well, the person in Wyoming can't be local. So, the boots on the ground person doing the actual call it on the ground work, right? They're going to get 10% of the deal. Asset management. Remember, there's property managers that are doing the day-to-day, and then you have the asset manager, which is kind of like the CEO role running the show from afar, and they're the one just taking a look at the property's financials, no different than I do on all of our deals every single week. Is I have Kevin on our team. He's the one pulling the financials and the reports, making sure we get them from our property managers around the country on our deals. And then they go and they get I get an email delivered to me that has each property with these four reports in them every single week. And I can review these reports. And then based on how those reports are going, I either have a further conversation with our property management team or we're good to go. And that's how the asset management works. But that asset manager is going to get about 10% of the deal of the general partnership side. General partnership side. And then if you're signing on the loan, if you're the person that's the main signer on the loan, you get 20% of the general partnership. If you're the person raising capital, right, if you're putting up the upfront, I should call it the risk capital, the initial earnest money deposit or any money is going on and stuff like that, right? 15%. 15%. And then the way that we set up the capital raising because let's say somebody's good at bringing in money or you're having people bring in money or this person's introducing you to somebody with money, stuff like that, right? You can just come down here. We allocate 30% of the general partnership uh for capital raising. And then you can actually come down here with this little formula thing and you say, "Okay, we're going to be raising, let's call it, uh, five, you know, 500 grand for the deal." That's the total raise. And here, let's say, um, I raise 150 grand, right? I raise 150 grand to the deal. Okay? So, I'm going to get 9% uh of the uh 30%. Okay, I take that back. 9%. Is that Is that Is that right? Yes. If I did Hold on. If I did 250, it would be 15%. So, 50%. Yeah. So, you got to look at it like because you're getting that's technically 50% of that 30%. So, this would come in like this. Oops. 150. It's 9%. So, let's say this was divvied out like this, right? This were all zeros. So, that's 30% allocated. I'm going to get 9% of that and then I don't know, somebody else raises 250. Okay? They're going to get 15%. All right? So, that's a total of 24%. you have 6% left over that's going to be brought in by somebody else or somehow. So that totals up your 30%. That totals up your 30%. Uh does that make sense? Because capital raising is an an important piece of the the whole pie as you all know. That's I mean the financing and capital is always the biggest thing. You know am I the one doing all the loan and the capital raising? Am I do I bring in a partner for that? Do I talk to people for that and then incentivize them? Uh, you just want to be very very tactful and this is why we do it this way. Under SEC guidelines, the Securities and Exchange Commission. Okay? Technically, you're not supposed to have anyone raising money for you who doesn't have a piece of the general partnership, which is why we do it this way. This is why you can incentivize somebody. Hey, you introduced me to 250,000 bucks. Cool. I'm going to give you 15%. I'm going to give you half of my 30% in the GP. So, it's 30% that's allocated, right, to raising capital. I'm going to give you 15% of that, right? Half of that. That makes sense. Um, absolutely, Michelle. We can do that. Not a problem. Um, yes, Michelle. Yeah, with the Canva that uh Canvas is super easy. It's a free resource. You can pay for a paid version, which I would recommend anyways, but it's super cheap to have that paid version of Canva, but you can have a free version of it, too. Um, awesome. Um, yeah. So, Twilight asked a great question. She says, you know, can we go over the differences between boots on the ground and the project management? Uh, project management. It's kind of one and the same. Uh, oh, boots on the ground, project management, asset management. Yes. So, boots on the ground typically is in place when you're doing renovations. Okay. So, let's say you're going to be doing renovations on the property and you need a boots on the ground person that's going to be there pretty frequently, right? During the construction phase, renovations phase, that's what that is designed for. Okay. The asset manager, you're maybe showing up at the property once a quarter, maybe, right? If if the properties had doesn't have a renovation component, just to give you perspective, most of my deals and our deals, I'm flying out to them and seeing them once every 90 days, right? Unless there's something that, you know, we got to go emergency and roll in. Uh I'm out there every 90 days and in some cases every six months because keep in mind, we have cameras on all of our properties. So I can pull every property up in real time right from my phone and we have a dozen cameras on every property so I can make sure it hasn't burnt down. So that gives you peace of mind. We always put cameras on there. Uh and I think I've told you before the cameras we use are the Lorex camera systems. So if you ever wanted cameras for yours, you can go right on Amazon. maybe five, six hundred bucks and you get a complete camera system. You'll hook it up to the internet that's you you'll set up an internet for the building, right? Separate from a unit and you can run your entire camera system off it and go right to your phone. Okay, so just gives you peace of mind. So I can see every property in real time 247. That's number one. Number two is I get the reports every week. So I get to review the financials on a weekly basis and see how things are going. And then I also have a back-end login to the property manager's software. Okay. So, aside from the reporting, I can log in to a owner's portal for the property management software and I can review things if I need to dig a little deeper on the property. Okay? And that's important. And then, you know, another thing that I do that you don't need to worry about on the smaller deals is I have secret shoppers. So, this is just another property management thing or asset management thing. So, they don't know when they're coming. They don't even know if they ever came. But yes, we all have secret shopper people just show up, tour the property, look at the property, talk to the staff, look at the staff. And once again, bigger properties. Go look at the units, go through the experience, apply for the unit, go through the application, pay for everything, and act as if, right? Because I want to see that experience to see. And this you typically are only doing this if you're noticing problems. If there's problems going on and you're trying to figure out where it is, it only comes down to three things. It's either product, pricing, or people. Product, pricing, or people. Meaning, is the property not doing doesn't look that good, not showing that well, the product doesn't look that great, the units don't look that great. Something's going on with the product. Does it's not appealing? Something's going on, right? or is it pricing? We're just out of alignment with the market on pricing. Too high, too low, whatever it is, right? And or if those are all kind of checked, you're like, "Yeah, you know, the product looks good, property looks good, everything looks good, our pricing, I've looked at it. We're pretty much in alignment, if not even a little bit below market. So, we got to make sure the staff is is is running here well. So, we'll look at the people side of it. It's one of those three. It's PPP, baby. It's PPP. Um, property management softwares, Gideon. There are plenty of them out there. your property manager will dictate that. Most of them are using, you know, either app for the smaller deals that we're talking about here. Either app folio or um you know, rent um what is it called? Rent. God, I get it from all something. Rent something. I don't know why I'm missing it that one. But then there's the then there's the big softwares where you get um Yardi and Resmond and some other big big softwares that you don't need to worry about. But yeah, there's there's some smaller ones, but your property manager, that's part of the property manager hiring guide. You'll see the questions in there. That's part of the questions and you'll get all that information before you hire them. Okay? So, that's all part of the the Q&amp;A when you're hiring a property manager. Yeah. It's all on the back end, but you'll go over the softwares and all that stuff to make sure they they have certain things in alignment. But yeah, I wanted you to see this so that way once again whether you're partnering with anybody inside the community because you be could be hey why don't you you want to bring in some money you have this you can help sign on the loan you can maybe your boots on the ground you're doing this you're doing that right here's how you allocate this makes it real simple to be able to co-artner and then this is how you would run and operate so that way you can reply back or rely back to it and say okay you know you were doing XY you know D. Uh, and you don't want to be overlapping these things. Really, the only thing that should be really overlapping would either be the loan or some of this capital stuff. It's really kind of in this money side of things. That's probably where there's some overlay, but you should divvy these ones out. Uh, so that way there's a sole kind of person or group running that and responsible for it. So, it's very easy to discern between each other. And then yeah, this is pretty easy down here for, you know, signing on loan and so forth because yeah, if you have two people signing on the loan, well then it's going to be 10% and 10%. Right? That goes to zero. And that way you have two people signing on the loan. If you have one doing asset management, that's why it's like that. If you have one doing boots on the ground, that's why it's like that right here. And then due diligence and so forth. And then you'll typically have a couple people putting up the risk capital. So that's 15% total, right? But then you're diving it up. Maybe we're putting up, you know, some of it, you're putting up the rest of it. So therefore, combined it's five and 10, you know, something like that. And then the capital raising like we discussed that allows you to do this and partner and collaborate on a lot of things because that's what multif family is. The minute you start going a little larger and you're going after a 20, 30, 50, 80, 100 plus unit apartment building, almost every single time you're going to have multiple partners. And this is how you allocate that partnership to ensure that people you avoid infighting. Okay? You avoid the infighting. Uh, cool. All right. So, I hope that handles that side of it because I've gotten a lot of questions on that as people are partnering inside the community in doing things together on the capital side, the money side, the loan side, all of that. Hey, how do we divvy this up the right way in our documents? So, our legal documents on the operating agreement kind of showcase this. Kind of showcase this. Awesome. Um, yeah, Twilight, you asked about the acquisition fee. Um, yes. So, typically, yes. And that gets Yeah, that gets a little more um hairy on the acquisition fee because Yeah, usually the acquisition fee uh gets paid out to the combination of the person who finds the deal uh runs the deal. Um, obviously the the capital side plays into that. So, usually at the end of the day, this is how this would work out. Once you get to your total amount, okay, so give you an example. So, you see these totals down here. So, in this case, right, let's say we're BP, we would get 50% or 49% of the acquisition fee. That's typically how that would go down. Urban these guys, okay, they're going to get 45% of the acquisition fee in part of that. And then, hey, you know, JR is doing a small portion. He's going to get 6% of the acquisition fee. That's the easiest way to do it without getting into like a bunch of other crazy details and stuff. I hope that answers that. You would usually you do it based on the totals at the end of the day and then that's how you would split up that acquisition fee. Yeah. So, great question though. Great. See, these are all the nuance things. Um, you'll soon be able to ask AI, but that's why I'm here. So, that's why I'm here. Um, great questions though. Those are perfect. Um, okay. So, I can go a couple different directions here. Either one, we can look at an actual deal. That's option A. Option two is we can kind of walk through the initial stages for some of the folks, you know, newer. and you know what are you doing to find the deals right finding the deals analyzing the deals and that kind of initial portion um you know what would you do for that so let me know which direction you all would like to go real quick as we continue forward before we finish up today walk through a deal's like let me see a deal baby cool um yeah let me pull one up and we can do that I do want to show you this too though why I have it up because this is also in the back end of your portal. And that is what's called an acquisition checklist, right? Acquisition checklist. Now, you have a due diligence um checklist and stuff in there, which is this. It's kind of like your It's this one. Okay. So, when you're in the middle of, you know, going into a deal, you would pull this up first as you're kind of going into escrow, moving towards closing, and it's going to walk you through all the different things that you need to pay attention to. You know, hey, you know, pay attention to the these four things, location, personnel, processes, pricing to the market, like all these kind of highlevel things. And then when you get into inspections, right, both physical and financial, physical and financial, there's two. Here's what you do. The team, and you may or may not have all of these folks involved in the inspections, but you would definitely have a property inspector. This is the main person. You would want them to be a plumber and electrician because you want to check that stuff, right? snake the lines, cameras in the lines to make sure the lines are all clean, there's no breaks or anything in the sewer lines, any of that stuff that's very, very costly if it's there. Okay, definitely want a roofer. Sometimes the property manager or the property inspector is a good roofer, sometimes they're not, but you definitely want a roofer there. You may or may not have a pool. You could have your contractor there, and keep in mind, they should be coming there for free to give you a bid on what you want to do to the property. Maybe you want to paint the outside. Maybe you want to uh renovate the interior units or a couple of them. They can give you bids on them. They should be there during the inspections. This is stuff that all kind of gets teed up. Okay. Uh you can do a termite report. Not absolute. You don't have to, but it's nice to have sometimes depending on where you're at in the country. Don't need a landscaper there, but it's nice to have. Uh if you have an HVAC contractor or if that property inspector is certified in HVAC, you definitely want them there. You definitely want them there. But that's the team of people that are going to do the physical inspections with you. And here's some kind of key points, right? Walk every unit, pay attention, all this stuff, blah blah blah. You're these are the things you're going to be conducting on there. What your inspector should be conducting. And then you get into the financial due diligence side and all the things you need to be looking at and asking for in terms of financial documents from the owner and the broker. This is what you should be getting and the things you should be verifying. Okay? And then as you all know we have all these questions for the seller. Okay, these are very very very very very very very very very important questions. These go out to the seller or the broker, one of the two typically to the broker. And you want these answered before you execute the contract. Before you execute the contract. So, between the offer being accepted, meaning, hey, we've we're agreeing to the terms and the letter of intent, the initial offer before you get to contract, which is typically 7 to 14 days, these go out in the beginning, and you want answers to these. So, that way you can use these and either have it be an addendum to the contract, meaning the seller's answers to these questions as an addendum to your contract, or you have them for reference and guide so everybody's on the same page and you can go back to them. Because if you find out the sellers lied on any of these things, you have them by the wayos rancheros. Okay? It's very important because this is what's going to protect your money and protect your ass. That's why these questions are very important because it is not the seller's responsibility to disclose to you. You have to keep that in mind. It's not their job or responsibility. It's not like residential. In commercial, it's buyer beware. If you don't ask, tough So that's why we put you through this process so you're not making mistakes that I've made in the past. Which is why every single one of these questions is because of a mistake. Not necessarily all by me and we got through them, but these are all due to hey, we should probably ask these questions. These were given to me by my mentors years ago and these are all very very very good questions. Okay? So that's why they're there. So, you have that and then you have the actual uh checklist which is in detail as you're going through the process. Yes, I understand it's a lot. Don't worry. Okay, I understand. But they're all broken out down here on this Excel document by tabs as to the different sections, okay, as you're going through the closing process of the deal. And they're all here. And you can come in here and change them as they're complete or not. Um, all this stuff. Okay. So, I would get this downloaded, take a peek at it, just absorb it in. But this is the stuff you'll go through and either you or people right on your team or an attorney or all those people will be helping with this process as you're going through it. So, it's not all on you, but it's just important that all this stuff is looked at, okay? Because this is kind of where the money's made or or not. So once again, it kind of just o it it re um reinforces the checklist I just showed you. It's more high level. This is very similar on lease contracts and all this other stuff, right? All kind of reinforces. This is just a gravedetailed one like everything is on this one. So that's why we put it here. Okay. But you have it in your download section called acquisition checklist in addition to the apartment due diligence uh PDF that's in there for you. Cool. All right, let me go ahead and pull up a deal real quick. Let's roll through. One second. I think is I don't know is I think Oh, Gideon, you are in here. Uh cool. Yeah, I saw one thing come through from you. I think it was on the Ann Arbor in Summit Gardens if I'm not mistaken. Um, but if you ask and they lie or answer incorrectly, then what? Uh, that's where you can have that's why the questions are there. That's why you have the due diligence process, right? right? The inspection period and you can always go back at that point and you have two options. You can cancel the contract or you could ask for, hey, you know, you said there was XYZ and there's not. That's going to cost us money because of that response and therefore we would like a concession um as a result of that. So, that's how you get around that. Um I don't know why it's not pulling up here. One second. Internet doesn't like me this morning. It does. It's running a little slow. We're going to reset the uh email thing real quick and we'll bring it right back up. Close a couple of these things real quick. Let's do this. The email was getting a little little weird there. Um, great. Okay, cool. Let's close that out. Open that back up. Just give me just one second. Awesome. [Music] So, I'm just going to bring up one from last week uh Gideon that uh had gone through and then we can kind of show people what's going on with that. need to be signing into Excel. Why is it making me do that? Okay, there we go. It was trying to get me to sign into your Excel. You You must have a Excel 365 account or something like that. Awesome. Okay, here we go. And I know it wasn't letting you. I'll be need to change those, too. So, it'll let you change the pictures out. Got it. Cool. All right. Let me share the screen real quick and let's walk through this one. And then Gideon, I could bring you up too to chat about it, but I don't know where this one's at on the process. But just to kind of walk through the initial uh So, as you all know, and if you're newer coming in, there's two deal analyzers that you get in the back end. This is the one that's designed for kind of 0 to 50 unit properties. much easier, simpler design. So that way you're not having to worry about the crazy highle stuff that you would use on much bigger deals that are much more complicated. Okay, so just kind of walking through this three tabs here and that there uh the first page being the AP pod, which is annual property operating data. Annual property operating data. APOD, that's what that stands for. And looks like you had a price in here that you'd put up. Um, yeah. Let me bring you up, Gideon, and you can kind of chat about this briefly and kind of walk some folks to it. Here we go. &gt;&gt; Hello. How are you, sir? &gt;&gt; I got you. Can everybody hear Gideon? Okay. &gt;&gt; Hopefully. Yeah. Looks like we got you. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Chat away. &gt;&gt; All right. So, this is this is actually the one that uh if you recall in our uh Tuesday meeting, uh this broker was a bit of jerk. And so, uh when I submitted this, I believe this one I submitted at 1.7 and they wanted 22 and he said, "Yeah, we're not even bothering to respond to that." Um, and it's, you know, if if you go to, um, Yep. A little farther down. There you go. So, this one actually had lots of room on it. Um, at the 19.08. Uh, trying to get that in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But, see, you're kind of seeing what's happening. Every deal is going to be a little bit different on this, but you know, kind of what I like to see, too, is &gt;&gt; that 15%. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If you come over to the waterfall side, which is what you and maybe your investors are going to get as you know. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And then scrolling on down here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Ideally, you want this at 14% or greater for your investors. So, you're you're above that mark, which is fine. Yeah. You just want to keep that in mind that, you know, probably something around a 17% property level IRRA property level IRR would still keep you in line thereish. I kind of tossed this one out the window just because the the guy wasn't being I think we were too far apart anyway. He was uh at 1.9 I could do it. Um but after he said I'm don't even want to talk to you, you know, anymore after the 1.7. Uh I was like, "All right, he's &gt;&gt; he's going to try too hard to keep the 2.2 that he's asking, and that's just there's no meat on the bone for me." Um &gt;&gt; right. So, the way that I would handle that, Gideon, is is having a completely straightforward conversation with the broker, but keep the channels open. You I understand you rubbed them wrong in the beginning, but that's going to happen a lot &gt;&gt; because because the brokers by nature, you know, I don't know if they just listen to the sellers and what they want or they don't even underwrite the properties correctly or whatever it is. um or they float too much pie in the sky on what real numbers should be. But you know, this is a 1974 property. This one is an Oklahoma City, right? &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Okay. There is no way on planet Earth an Oklahoma City property mid 1970s would operate with anything less than mid-40s here on your expense ratios. and and that's probably low, but let's give them the benefit of the doubt for a minute. And yeah, absolutely 10% maybe even a 15%, you know, economic loss here, right? Right. &gt;&gt; There's just no way. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Because I know Oklahoma City relatively well and it just ain't going to happen. That's not a crazy dynamic market where things are super tight and constrained. Um, so you want to be very tactful. Well, it's a great market. It's a good market for finding housing. &gt;&gt; This Yeah, this one is actually in a really nice neighborhood. Um, if you could go back and change the down payment. I think I had this is before we did the renovation um separation. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; For the lo for the loan versus an equity raise, right? &gt;&gt; So, I you know, put this number in there to uh address the additional 200,000 which was incorrect. So, if you can take that back to a 30% down payment. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Would you be including the rena in the in the um &gt;&gt; the loan? &gt;&gt; In the loan? &gt;&gt; No. I prefer not to do that just because it you know, one the bank doesn't like to from my understanding the bank doesn't like to give you renovation dollars along with the asset loan. &gt;&gt; It depends on the type of loans. But yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Depends on the type of loan. Um, &gt;&gt; I'll go back and rework that one and and just lob it over the fence to him and see if he'd like to have a conversation. &gt;&gt; Right. Got it. You do that and then we can add in your um your &gt;&gt; This is the old spreadsheet that doesn't allow you to &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah. It doesn't have a toggle here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, in that So, you're going to have your loan amount, right? So, it's it's highlighting it for you. It's taking the purchase price of the property. Yep. &gt;&gt; Out your loan amount. We're adding back in repair budget and closing cost. &gt;&gt; So, the repair budget should be 250,000 and the down payment should be 30%. &gt;&gt; Okay. Got it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So, what does what does that look like? &gt;&gt; 759,000. &gt;&gt; Um, what are you what number are you on? Oh, yeah. For total equity. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The total equity requirement down there. Interest rate at 6 and a half%. You have all your unit counts in here. So, you got 29 units. Here's your unit counts. &gt;&gt; One of the things that I discovered when I was researching section 8 is after you go back in and redo a a property that there is a potentially higher um you know, fair market value price that they're willing to pay. So that could conceivably be upwards of a onebedroom at a,000 and a twobedroom at 1,200. Um, and that's &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's that's a big difference. You want to find that baby out like quickly. Now, still it's still not going to matter though because in order for you to get a loan &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Right. They're going to base it on today's &gt;&gt; financial &gt;&gt; Yeah. today's financials. That's right. Not not future hope and pray. Yeah, &gt;&gt; taxes are not going to go down, are they? They're not going down. &gt;&gt; Uh, no. I think their taxes are low. Uh, I'm not sure where that number came from, to be honest. Like I said, I kind of gave up on this one. I was Billy Ding around with it. &gt;&gt; I'll put that in there. Um, insurance fine. That's maintenance, repairs, all that stuff. That's fall fine. That's good. Utilities. Um, got it. Uh, payroll 8% there. Yep. So, it was all all in alignment. your numbers look pretty decent. Um, so yeah, and that's at the nine number with all those things in play and you're kind of sitting here. So it's, you know, crazy far off. You'd want to bump it up a little bit. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; how are we bumping that up? Lowering the price. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Unless you can, Unless you can get this because you're saying a,000 and then 1,200,000 and,200. &gt;&gt; I mean, that would do it immediately, right? And now you have to reno to get there, right? You have to reno to get there, but that would definitely bump it up in a heartbeat. Now all you're trying to do is, hey, what does it take? And this is how you work through these deals. Okay. I can only get a loan based on today's financials. Right. &gt;&gt; Correct. So what you would do in the interimm for until you got the renovation done, which maybe takes you a year, you know, or so to get the rena done, you may have to come in initially with more money down to get the deal across the finish line. So maybe you came in with 45% down initially, initially. And then 18 months later, 24 months later, within two years, &gt;&gt; you're going to refinance that money back out. Okay. But that would get you here, right? It would get you to a point where your debt coverage ratio is is greater than 1.25, which is what it needs to be. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And just anybody you're kind of looking at this um as you're as you're looking at this, uh you'll want your debt coverage ratio over 1.25. And we have all these little comments in here if you haven't seen. So those those that the the if I just need the extra 15% for two years. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you probably need 40 that's going to get you right there. See how it's 1.32. &gt;&gt; How do I structure that so that I can then when I refinance it just pay back the &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Do it as a separate loan perhaps and no &gt;&gt; a separate equity. &gt;&gt; Refinance. You're going to refinance this loan out that you have this 1.29 loan. Okay. But yeah, because let me show you how this works. So you go and you buy this thing for N. Y. &gt;&gt; So over here you're at N &gt;&gt; on on on uh &gt;&gt; purchase &gt;&gt; on the purchase. And then based on what we're talking about by the end of 2027, you know, if you're if you're moving that property, let's say let's say you're point 6.5% by the way and maybe even 7%. on your cap rate. &gt;&gt; I think it was 6.75. &gt;&gt; The current one is &gt;&gt; I believe that's what they were quoting. &gt;&gt; So you'd run it at six and a half. That's fine. &gt;&gt; Um but yeah, if you're buying it at 1 N and by 2027ish, you're at 34, right? So now you're at a 34 value based on this at a cap rate and all this. So, you got your uh your NOI at 221,000 because now you've renovated the property, you've increased the rent, you're rocking and rolling, right? You get it? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; So, now you're at a 3.4 valuation. Okay. So, your new loan is going to be 2,221,000 and your property should substantiate that at that point. So, now you're going to refinance out this million2 loan. So, I want you to see how this works. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; Right? So, you're going to refy that million2 loan out with 2,ion210 minus 1290. So, now you have $920,000 left. You see your total equity right here of 974. &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; you're almost going to get a 100% payback of your money. &gt;&gt; So is that going straight to the investors? &gt;&gt; No, no, no. You goes to you too. &gt;&gt; So So everybody obviously Yeah. that whatever their percentage of ownership. &gt;&gt; That's that's right. &gt;&gt; Okay. So my my 40 my 40% &gt;&gt; point to the whole thing is that anytime you can return at you know anywhere between 50 to 60% of your initial capital that you put into the deal within a 24 to 36-month window, right? That return to capital is extremely valuable because now you're playing with almost house money or even if you gave him 60% back, you're playing with a lot of house money. And now, right, the returns and stuff get juiced as they call it, right? They get juiced. &gt;&gt; So, if I did the refi, paid all all the investors their money and, you know, the 974,000, um, does that terminate the their involvement and meet the the financial obligations that I've set forth with the 2x, you know, equity multiplier? &gt;&gt; Yes. So, what you'd want to do is double check Because you got to remember you're you're paying them their preferred return first. &gt;&gt; Okay? So that gets calculated and let's let's call it two years on 974,000 at 6% preferred return. So &gt;&gt; 94,000, &gt;&gt; right? And it's in your waterfall, but I'm just doing some hand math here, &gt;&gt; right? So that's 68 grand a year. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; Times two years that you maybe you had the money out. That's 136,000 bucks. That gets paid first. And if you haven't paid it yet, then that gets paid first. That gets deducted from this $900 and something,000 that we're talking about. That &gt;&gt; pays off that. So, we're talking about 920 grand. So, now 136 gets paid first. So, that's the preferred return. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Now, it's your choice. you could whatever's left over equals minus that. So now you get to pay back 838,000 of initial capital and you have the right to do that. So now when you do that now you're going to be left with $136,000 left to uh that they're going to have in the deal left in the deal. So, they're still going to stay in it, but now you only now now they only now you and them only have 136,000 of your initial capital in the deal. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; So, now it's a much better cash flow situation for everybody. And then at some point, you can refinance them out again. Uh but they'll still be in the deal. They'll still be getting their splits and stuff. You have the right when you get them paid off, right? And you can put it in your documents. Yeah. Once I give you a 15%, you know, annualized return on your money that I projected to you, then I can pay you out. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And then now you have a 100% of 100% of 100% of everything and you use their money to do it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; So that's how this game would work on something like this. If you believe in the numbers and you can get it done, yeah, the first two years are going to be the toughest because you're not really going to be cash flowing that great while you're renovating the property. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; At the end of it, &gt;&gt; at the end of it, there's going to be a nice payday, meaning, hey, you're going to get your money back. You're going to get your preferred return. Then we're going to continue the cash flow model and everybody, you know, we rock and roll. And then, you know, we're going to get tax benefits, tax write offs, all that stuff that are going to happen as a part of this process as we go through it. &gt;&gt; All right, sounds good. Thank you, sir. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you bet. Let me answer a couple of the quick questions as we finish up here. Um, uh, correct. Yeah, we updated that. They typically do not go down. So, you are correct, FA, on that on the property taxes. property taxes. Um, yeah, Michelle, the pitch deck in Canva, I'll share the link with you all again so that way you have it here. So, I'll put that here in the chat so that way you have it. Here comes that link. And just keep in mind when you get this link, uh, you'll want to make a copy, right? You want to make a clone or copy of it inside Canva. It should allow you to do that. Um, as we've set it up that way to do that. Um, yeah, because all you guys have that and it's editable with that. Um, cool. Yeah. So, if we share this thing, we did the link can edit. Yep. So, we should be good on that front and you can make a copy of it. Uh, so don't edit that one. Make a copy. So, now you have your own copy. It should let you do that. Um, and then Michelle asked, "Why does year three profit go down?" Now, when you say profit, are you talking about um the value of the property or are you talking about the NOI is going up, the values going up. See, I'm not seeing what you're seeing. Um, right. it. At least not on uh this deal. It doesn't um I mean your cash flows, it just depends on the deal. Um but the cash flows are good on the waterfall as well in that waterfall tab. That's all there. Um, but yeah, the only times you may see things drop down around year three, year four, or whatever it is, is you may, depending on how your loan is set up, you may go from an interestonly loan because a lot of times you'll see this happen. You'll get interest only, which is nice for kind of cash flow purposes for the first, you know, 24 to 36 months and then it goes to principal and interest at that point. So you'll see because now your debt payment is going to be higher. So of course your cash flows are going to go down. That's the only way you would see that happen, but you're also building equity into the deal as well. Um uh same thing on the IRR tab. I did not see it go down on this one. Um yeah, the cash flows are going up each year. NOI is going up each year. Value is going up each year from what I see. on this on this uh what I was showing, but every deal is going to be a little bit unique depending on how you're setting it up. Um then Twilight on the principal reduction that he had put in there, he hand calculated that. Um it's not always the case. I usually I mean it's it's an important factor, but it's not a big one. you know, yes, you're going to build more equity in the deal uh the longer you hold it if you're in a principal and interest loan. We kept it blank there so that way you can figure out what your principal reduction may be because everybody's is going to be different based on your loan. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, the problem goes market by market and so forth. Um, awesome. And then a couple other questions. Yeah, I got that. Gideon on re sending the new one in with the um with the tab in there. Yes, because the new deal analyzer when you go into your portal, it's all updated. Uh but yes, that has the um the section in there you can choose just with a drop-down arrow whether the renovation dollars are included in the loan or not. So that just and it does the calculation for you automatically which makes it just a little nicer. A little nicer. Um cool. Yeah. Any other questions before we kind of finish off today? So kind of what to kind of reiterate what we went over? Uh you know looking making sure you guys have the pitch deck and you can you can uh edit that inside Canva if you choose. So the link is in here for it. Uh that link is also inside the portal as well. Make sure you make a copy of that and you don't edit that exact one. That's number one. Number two, um, showing you the checklist for due diligence. So, you're understanding that as you're going through the closing and the escro process and what's in your backend, where the downloads are at and where those are organized for you in the back end is really important. And then, if you're very very beginning and just getting started, it's just knowing that the beginning cycle of all of this, as many of you know, is you're in the cycle of finding deals, analyzing them, writing offers. in the finding deals part to get that going in your market. What you're looking for is you have to develop broker relationships. That's going to be the number one easiest way and the fastest way with limited time to get deal flow. The second way is using the software, right, Real Estate Radar, which you have access to um to be able to get in there and go direct to the owners, right, and reach out direct to owners. more cumbersome, more time consuming, but very valuable because you're kicking out the brokers in the deal and you're going direct. So that's why that's in place. But the fastest, most efficient way is the directto broker approach and building some of those relationships. So you're getting deal flow and not the deal flow that's on the websites. You simply use a KEXY or a LoopNet or Co-Star to find brokers to see who are the players in the market that are doing deals and then by way of connecting with them behind the scenes now you can find out the other properties they have that aren't yet on the websites and those are the ones you really want the access to. But without the relationship building it will not happen. They are the gatekeepers to the entire game and that's why the broker approach is the best one. and and you can play in the small game, meaning 10 to 30 unit properties because they'll talk to you, right? If you're trying to go after a 50 or 100 unit plus deal, those brokers are very sophisticated. They're dealing with, you know, larger institutional money. So, you as a newbie coming in, you have no chance. No chance. So, you're like literally peeing on yourself because it's just never going to happen. So that's why you play in the 10 to 30 unit space because they'll talk to you and you're going to be dealing with little newer brokers or a couple people on their team. So therefore, you can go to the lower level newer associate and kind of get access and talk to them because they're newer just like you and they'll deal with you and they'll talk to you and they'll give you information and they'll get you on the preferred list and all that stuff will happen. So you can get some deal flow because that is the best way and every market's different and unique for that. It's different and unique. So cool. Awesome everybody. Um, so here we are in October. Uh, for any of you that are still wanting to come to Las Vegas, November 6th through the 8th. Uh, the live inerson networking and workshop stuff that we're having in Vegas is on the 7th and the 8th. U, you can come in on the 6th and then 7th and 8th is the live portion of it. U, but I know many of you have already signed up in that. Your tickets are all included. Um, and all that's in place. So, if any of you still have interest and you want to come, let us know. Chime in in here. We'll make sure that you're getting access to come in to that for uh the November 6th through the 8th live workshop in Las Vegas. That'll be streamed live all across the country. So, if you can't if you want to just come into that, you can virtually or if you want to come in person for the networking and collaborations and live bellyto belly, uh that's going to be there live in Las Vegas. And then our next one because I'm going to be in Charlotte, North Carolina on Sunday through Tuesday, uh meeting with one of the mentees on the one-on- ons, but we're going to be touring deals in Charlotte. And I'm also going to be uh looking for our spot for next year that we're going to be having our workshop and networking and everything live in Charlotte. So, um, you'll be an escrow, Relle. She's like, I want to be an escrow. Yes. Yes. Uh, beautiful, Chris. Yeah, we're going to be staying, um, let me I'll write your name down because maybe, you know, on our off hour there. Yeah, we'll be in kind of the downtown, off sites, downtown and surrounding areas over there. Um, but cool. We will be there. Awesome, Dante. Yeah, in the big ATL. Appreciate everybody's time this Thursday. Any questions, let us know. Reach out to us. Keep sending the deals in. Let's analyze them and let's keep writing offers because that's kind of the cycle you're in until the deals pop, right? Find, analyze, write offers. Find, analyze, write offers in that order and sequence and start negotiations and talks with the brokers and things will pop. Things are happening. I mean, we're watching it happen all over the place. So, I love seeing it happen. Just keep it up. Keep it up. Thanks everybody. Have a great morning and afternoon and we'll chat