Hello, hello, hello. Everybody's coming on in. Make sure you um mute your microphone as you come in. Happy Tuesday. All right. See everybody coming in here. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. We'll give everybody a quick second to come on in. How's everybody doing? Uh, chime on in. Any wins, losses? We'll get into that in just a second. But, um, yeah, would love to know how everybody's week has been so far. See Michael coming in here. Allan, Angie, good to see you. David, Dean, awesome. Very cool. Michelle, hope you're doing well. We got Miguel, Tony, awesome. Perfect. Okay. Yeah, a couple little housekeeping items we'll get going here in just a second. Putting stuff in the chat there. Um, here we go. Admit, admit, and admit. All right. Um any questions so far on um the um the live event coming up? We're about uh I guess 50 days away is 50 days away. We got the rest of September, all of October, and then early November in Las Vegas. So, um how's everybody doing on that front? Has anybody booked anything? Are they going to come out? Not come out? Just curious on that. And the one we already know. So, it's good. Um, &gt;&gt; there. &gt;&gt; What was that? &gt;&gt; I said I'll be there, but I have not booked yet. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; I'm booked. &gt;&gt; There we go. There we go. Yeah, we got a little bit of time, but just want to make sure everybody's aware of that and all that stuff. So, um, as we're getting stuff, uh, kind of finalized up for that, I'm going to share my screen. Just a little housekeeping stuff for you and make sure you have the best and the brightest so far. So, let me share because when you go in your portal, just so you guys are aware of it, when you guys have access, we've added a few thumbnails in there. One of them is this one here. Uh, so you don't have to go into your mentorship thumbnail anymore to do any to register for any of these classes and stuff. uh you can go right to this thumbnail that's you'll see in your back end and it should be there for you and you can book direct calls. You can also book the um the classes that you're on here. So just so you know that's where that's at and you'll see that in your back end. &gt;&gt; Activate your DA spirit. You're &gt;&gt; what was that? Oh, and then you'll also see these thumbnail tiles of a couple of things we've added in there uh as well. Um, and our first one is coming up, I believe, tomorrow if I'm not mistaken. That's on the kind of the brand side of things and the mindset. Um, so you'll see that. There's kind of a little free course you can take on that. You know, any of you are looking to understand like your personal brand, you know, you don't have to be some guru person online, but if you're trying to raise capital, meet people, connect, any of that stuff, you know, stepping into your true authentic voice and knowing how best to find that. They always say what your best story is your mess or your mess is your story, one of the two. Um, so that's that. You can take this free course that's inside of there for yourself. All of you can go back in there. It's in your portal. You can click on it. Little 7-day kind of fearless creator challenge. And then we're also going to have mindset and brand calls around that, you know, for raising capital purposes. And like I said, you don't have to be some crazy guru online that's, you know, got thousands and thousands of followers. Um, but if you are going to raise capital and people from things you don't know that well or people you don't know that well, then having some, you know, authentic voice online, some presence online's important. And a lot of people are, you know, they're scared of being on camera. How many of you are scared of being on camera? Like 90% of you raise your hands. I love it. No, and and I totally get it. I mean, it it takes a little bit of time to get comfortable, but that would be a great start if you're ever kind of curious about it, you know, starting off here with this little free course. Check it out. Uh, and then also we have in there uh your access to your WhatsApp and the mobile app. That's sectioned out now. So, you have that in there. And then we also sectioned out where you find all the vendors, lenders, capital, partners, and more. So, we put a thumbnail in there specific to that. Those tend to be the big items for folks. you'll see that inside your So cool. &gt;&gt; Hey, how are you? &gt;&gt; Then uh let me mute real quick. There we go. And then for your portal in general, taking a look at this real quick. Uh this should be hopefully done this week. Um and this was out of request and I thought it was a good one. In the section for the downloads, you can still go into the section where it has all your downloads, right? You can click on that and it's going to have just the litany list in there. But if you wanted to have them sectioned out by kind of um pillar of buying apartments, everything from finding the deals, you'll have all of the downloads sectioned out by that, analyzing the deals, everything sectioned out by that. Finding and capitalizing, uh all sectioned out by that. And then closing the deals, downloads, due diligence, all of that. One thing we did put in there for you uh also by request was or is the um let me double check it in here I want to see it's this one right here multifamily apartment acquisitions process. It's basically a checklist that once you're in the middle of escrow, kind of all the little things uh from a flowchart, high level flowchart that you should expect as you're going through the closing. So that's kind of um high level. Okay. And then the detail of that is in this acquisition's checklist. So like this is pretty thorough. Uh let me show you what I mean by thorough. So when you open this one, it's going to look like this. Um, here. So this is the acquisition's checklist. So very, very, very, very detailed, right? So that's that. And that's like just everything you could possibly think of on the closing side of a deal. So there's that one. And then you have your um this new one we put in there, which is kind of like a more higher level summary that you can follow. um which will look like this. And this is kind of bringing you everything from the pre-contract phase all the way through creating your entity for the property all the way through due diligence, inspections, capital, closing, and then management transition. So, it's kind of like that high level and then the detailed one goes in with that. So, just so you know that that's in there for you guys. Cool. Um, I believe Michael, uh, you're texting right ahead of this, uh, with you and, uh, with Bruce. I guess there was a deal that you wanted to discuss. Uh, so maybe you want to chat with that right now. I think I can bring that up if you send it in via email, I believe. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I sent it to you. &gt;&gt; Okay. See this coming in right now. One second here. Cool. Me uh, share this. so everybody can see it and then you can chat about it. &gt;&gt; Okay. Shoot away. &gt;&gt; So, this is 42. Yeah. Uh they're Yes, it's 42 units. They're they're actually uh asking 2.9. I was just messing around with the numbers before I had sent it to you. It's currently sitting at 25. Um me and Bruce been going over over this last few days here. Uh it is yeah 42 units. Four of them are studio. There's currently an office and we believe that they're actually there's only 41 units uh being rented out and the other one is just being used as an office. I'm not 100% on that. Uh it makes sense that that's what they're doing. Uh but in that area they're wanting from the research that we've done is that the cell is at like a seven to an 8% cap. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I don't know. I mean the question is is like on the DCR it's like in like 1.3 or something right now. Uh, I just don't know what what it's actually how much can we mess with that cap. I mean, is we're going to have to sell it back at a seventh? Are we able to sell it any, you know, any lower than that? Is it just based on how does that work? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think from a safe perspective, I would run it at a six and a half, &gt;&gt; right? And um yeah, so usually the first things I would do is um like you have is you've kind of looked at the area um kind of pulling this up for everybody. So from a high level, right? Where's this baby located in the country and then zooming on down in here, she got Logan's Port. How far is that away from Indianapolis? That's about what it's it's up there. Yeah, it's up there a little ways. &gt;&gt; About an hour and a half or what? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, about an hour and a half. About the same distance I am from it. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then how is Logan'sport? I mean, in terms of a little town, city, how many people? Tell me a little bit about &gt;&gt; It's stable. Um, I can't remember the exact I'm getting confused. I got another deal I'm looking at as well. I can't remember exactly how many people are in there. Bruce, do you recall? &gt;&gt; 18,000 and change. The population has been rather static over the last few years. It It's actually declined a bit, but but not much that you know, it wouldn't be considered negligible. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And um yeah, it's just a it's a little uh you know, kind of a little sleepy little town. I I I spoke with the broker a good deal about this and another one because this is actually one of four portfolio properties that that the same owner is trying to unload all at the same time. Um the uh the job market looks solid for the class of renters that this property, you know, would would attract and support. um and the employ the employment numbers um and employers, you know, that that looks stable and solid. So, the fact that it's a small town and it's not growing doesn't bother me too much. I don't think it affects our our likely tenant base. And what is Look, you got you got some care centers, rehab centers. Um talk about that. I mean, have you been to the property yet or No. No, I have not. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, yeah, you definitely got some medical around it and stuff, so take a look at that. Just uh but other than that, I mean, your single family is is abuing it. So, that's good. Um, it's a nice I mean, it's nicely situated. Um, you know, it's a good looking kind of, you know, a little bit of a country look around it. Kind of uh uh, you know, parky gardeny. Yeah. If you uh Yeah. So, just kind of when you dig into because the numbers look good. It's just Yeah. Now, just making sure, hey, you know what? Checking the historical occupancy. Um, you like you said, job market. Making sure there's not just one job provider in the area, that there's multiples and it's relatively diverse and stable is going to be a kicker. Meaning, it's not like one Walmart that employs everybody. &gt;&gt; No, no, there there's some good employers there. Um, Tyson Chicken is there. There's good there's a lot of healthc care uh employers there. Um, and you know, a host of others. So, um, the job market is there. Okay. Yeah. And it looks um Yeah, looks pretty cool. I mean, I don't know that area that well. Um but um but Michael would. But yeah, seems pretty cool. Um it's going to let me drop on there. See if it looks &gt;&gt; The big concern, Justin, is the research we've done um is is pretty specific about, you know, what stuff should sell for in that class of property. And it is highly suggestive that you know stuff is selling in the uh low sevens on up to nine. I don't think this is a nine property but you know even even at low sevens we're well below their asking price &gt;&gt; right in the seven cap. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yep. Um do you know what they bought it for? What is &gt;&gt; I don't &gt;&gt; I think &gt;&gt; I think I do 14. &gt;&gt; Okay, hold on one second. &gt;&gt; Well, maybe a little bit less, but that's what the current taxes are based on. And the taxes don't change that much over four years. So maybe, yeah, I think they bought it for, you know, between 135 and 14. &gt;&gt; So I'm in the back here. You can see is it. Here we go. If this gets pulled up here, I may have to go into my So, the interest rates uh no matter what no matter what they do, that's not going to change. uh what we could sell that at, right? I mean, because that market is at a seven. Is it going to be a seven if the interest rates just let's just say they've come down to five? Would we be able to sell at a lower cap than seven? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, kind of seeing Yeah, you'd probably want to run some historical cap rates. And I would even check chat GPT and see what they what data they pull up and see because they'll go comb all the websites and all the data sites and everything and say, "Hey, Logan historically XYZ, we've seen trends around XYZ." And because they'll comb those websites and all the data, they'll comb everything. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; That's where our numbers are coming from right now. We all got on there and looked at a couple different AI sites. Um, okay. &gt;&gt; And and one of the problems though that that it even stated was the uh the information that's out there is limited as to the number of sales because it's just not all there. Um, &gt;&gt; some of the sales just don't get reported to the sites that they go and look for. But the information is there, &gt;&gt; you know, highly supports what I've already shared. This is and it shows a uh &gt;&gt; shows a sale of 2.989. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I don't know if that's accurate or not. &gt;&gt; That doesn't seem &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; But it shows that there's a mortgage on it of 2.25. So these are just So you can go into your real estate radar. So this is what I used. I went in here, pulled up the property. It's 1320 Smith, right? &gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um if that's accurate. Um presuming partial number and everything's accurate. 1980 apparent &gt;&gt; 1980. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; See that's Plumwood Plumwood Apartments. See that's another uh uh deal that's in that portfolio that he's selling. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So the address those 13 1320 Smith Street, right? &gt;&gt; That's the address. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. This is showing this doesn't make right. 350 units. So, something's up. I don't know if it's I don't know if it's trying to pull up the portfolio or something. Let me um I don't know if this is the same one or if it's I guess it is. But yeah, I wonder if it's somehow pulling up the portfolio. So, it's giving you inaccurate stuff, per se, because Yeah, it's not 350 units. &gt;&gt; No, the the four the total of the four uh portfolio properties aren't aren't even half that, &gt;&gt; right? So, yeah, I would I'd get I'd say, "Hey, when was the last time I'd ask the broker you can send in your LOI and all that stuff, but in kind of these conversations, I'd say, yeah, you know, when was it when did it last sell? Was it 2023?" He's like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah. What was it like 2 million? Was it 1 million? Like what did it sell for? I mean, because you can pull I'm just trying to see if this accurate, if this data is mixed up because it's in the portfolio or something, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Um, but this is in your real estate radar software to kind of get some details on it. Um, so but it's giving me mortgage data and stuff and if usually it's pretty accurate within reason unless it's been paid down amount. So, a point being behind it is um yeah, I wouldn't go any lower than a seven and I'd probably be trying to stress test it as they would say. So, what I would be doing is coming in here and messing around with it um on your data and say we do uh all these things being equal, these are you pretty comfortable with these future rents? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then we was adding rubs in uh along with that. &gt;&gt; Yep. She'd bring in some rubs for per unit for water and all that stuff. I got it. Um which is fair. So, um yeah, even if you put this down, let's say 23, it gets me at 7.6 22. I'm sorry. Uh two wait two four sorry two four and play around with it. So maybe you're at 7 and a half 7.4% on the cap. Um which is fine because you know you got to just take into account the it's that's what's that's what they call a tertiary market. So everybody understands what that means. Tertiary market which means it's outskirts right of a main metro which is Indianapolis. So, it's a tertiary. So, you just want to be tactful when you get into a tertiary market. You know, your lending's not going to be quite as good, right? Your your rates are going to probably be a little higher on the lending. Uh but those are about to get better tomorrow. &gt;&gt; So, your treasury's been coming down. It's just hovering right at four. I don't know if you guys remember, I've been saying for a couple months, the minute it gets to like 38, 39 on your 10-year Treasury, things are going to start moving. I just had one of our loan brokers uh quote a deal at 4.98% on, you know, granted it's a couple hundred units in a loan amount of uh 6 million or more, but they're quoting that thing at just below five, which is crazy. That's good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you're going to start seeing things rumble in the fives here pretty soon. But on tertiary markets, you'll be kind of sitting right where you're talking, right here, somewhere in the high fives, middle low sixes. But this all looks good. I mean, in terms of your uh your overall number here on your expense ratio is fair for a 1980 product. Um, you know, this is fine. You got other income in here. One of the reasons why, see, they're claiming that the information that they gave sells this at their numbers at at like a seven. I don't know what was it, Michael? Seven and a half. &gt;&gt; Almost eight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Seven. Seven. Yeah. Seven and three quarters. But, you know, they're assumptions are always the the most glowing uh with regards to, you know, being ownorous. And they were using a 5% uh credit loss. And, you know, and that's with a missing unit being used for a uh an office. So, &gt;&gt; yeah. Um, so everybody else kind of on here kind of watching this deal. Um, I hope this is helping kind of understand it. Your metrics are pretty good coming down into here. They're super healthy. Um, but I yeah, I'd play around with it, right? And so they're asking 29. You know, you could come in and if they don't have any other offers, &gt;&gt; they say they've got one LOI in on this one. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. &gt;&gt; Who knows whether they do or not. Yeah, you know, chat chat with the broker, build relationship, but I'd absolutely get it out and see what happens and start the discussion. &gt;&gt; The broker's it's actually David uh Orton that we met when we went up when you come here and we went in uh their office there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; He was kind of sizing you up a little bit, so it seemed like he was. But yeah, it's David is who it is. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay, cool. Yeah, but overall seems like a healthy deal. Um, you know, like I said, tertiary market. So, it's just really double-checking the the the demographics for jobs and all that stuff. That's going to be your biggest kicker, just to kind of see how comfortable you are uh that people can it's going to stay occupied, right? And what I the other thing I would also do if you got into escrow and you're going through uh due diligence is I would find out how many units are at the development department scheduled to be built in the next, you know, couple years. just to see. And that would all be then, granted that would all be new construction stuff, but as that comes on the market, it could put downward pressure on you. &gt;&gt; So, it's just stuff to kind of pay attention to. That's all. &gt;&gt; Um, I'm guessing it's probably not that many, &gt;&gt; but, uh, it'd be nice to know that. You don't need to know that right the second. You could figure that out later if you did get the deal and you were in escrow. That'd be part of your due diligence that you would do. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, but yeah, you've input all the numbers correctly. Everything's nice and clean. Um, yeah, everything looks pretty good. So, uh, who here in here wants to go to Indiana. So, yeah, it's pretty pretty cool. Yeah, I would kind of come in and negotiate with them. um you know, you know that they're at the 29 mark, but at the same time, you kind of knowing where cap rates are at, but it sounds like above seven is where it's going to play and where it should play, &gt;&gt; right? Yep. &gt;&gt; So, perfect. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Justin. &gt;&gt; You bet. Um uh Twilight, I see you in here. Anybody else want to uh go over a specific deal or have questions and issues that you want to kind of discuss? &gt;&gt; No, but I might next time. I just got a an offmarket deal uh logged our way. &gt;&gt; That's not too bad in Tennessee. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; it just came over right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I was going through uh a little bit earlier today, you know, kind of going through CREX and kind of that initial um you know, market start type stuff. Um everything from it's part of that 90-day fast track of the website, um getting into some Meetup groups, uh setting up the CRM in the back end and putting people in there. Is anybody familiar with Zapier at all? Have you ever heard of Zapier at all? It's just a little on you can go to the website zapier.com zapier.com it's free. Uh point with that is that allows you to connect applications meaning so what's been really helpful for me is like anytime I'm out meeting people and I'm at uh like a backyard barbecue networking event whatever it may be down at the vault in Florida. you know, you're getting people's contact information and you're putting it in your phone. It'd be great as if automatically it went from your phone into a nice CRM system, right? So, it allow that Zapier allows you to do that. It's going to connect your Google contacts directly with Highle and it's going to zap it, hence Zapier, right into the CRM. Okay? And just to give you perspective of how that works, um, let me show you. So, if you were in the back end of yours, like I'll show you the back end of ours and what it would look like as kind of contacts and everybody come into the back end. Share this. So, like this is our Brennan Polley group capital back in in in the in the contact section. But yeah, anytime that I'm coming in here and I'm uh putting people into and I was testing it out the other day to make sure it was working, um it'll pop them right into the CRM and it'll actually pre-tag them with that. So, you can go take a look at Zapier if you want. And then all you would do is once you have your CRM set up in here, you would just connect them, connect the apps. Um, if you need help doing that, uh, even Koya, one of the, uh, the vendors in the back end of the system, he can connect everything too and do all that kind of techy stuff. So that way if you're at a backyard barbecue and you put somebody in your cell phone, it'll automatically put it into the back end of your CRM and then pre-tag them. So that way you can organize those contacts much better because you don't need a lot, right? You don't need a lot. I mean, 25, 50 people in the back end is enough to send out a deal to, but that way you can organize everybody in the back end of your portal. Does that make sense? And that's just part of the, you know, raising capital side um of doing it because, you know, finding the deals as part of it as we all know and then putting them and locking them up. But then, you know, how are you putting the deals together from the financing and capital side? So, that's key. &gt;&gt; And Justin, where do we find that CRM? &gt;&gt; Uh, you have access to it, Tony. It's a part of your um part of your programming. So, do I believe you already have um your login stuff? I can double check it. Are you not in there? &gt;&gt; I can get into the back office. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I just I I don't know that I have found where the CRM itself is. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. So, you have two separate login. You would have gotten an email for that, but if maybe do me a favor, check with Ryan first. See if he somehow &gt;&gt; is inside there. If he's not, &gt;&gt; let us know. We'll make sure you get your admin login for it. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; Because that also has a templated website and everything and stuff inside there, too. So, for everybody that you guys have a templated website, um, that's going to look like this. That's all templated. You get to edit it and or have our guys edit it for you. And it's all in here. And that gives you contact pages, about us page, all that's in there. Nice little clean website. That'll all be branded to you and your company. Okay. And then you also have what's called a funnel. That's if you had like a deal that you wanted to promote. You would use this to actually promote the deal. Okay. &gt;&gt; We can't see your screen. &gt;&gt; Are you sharing your screen? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I just want to make sure you guys couldn't see anything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; See if we were paying attention. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, she was just checking up on it, guys. Just checking up. Um, so let me show you um the website since you didn't see that part. &gt;&gt; So this will be in there for you. Um, let make sure everybody's muted here. Um, so it'll look like this, but you can brand it all for yourselves, right? And we have our vendors and systems. That's that little tile that I was showing you earlier that you can just make sure you let you know Koya or anybody in there know that you're in the program so you're getting the discounts, right? Because they've kind of done some preset discounts for us. Uh it's a few hundred bucks for them to come in and set things up for you. So that way it's all ready to go. Um but you'll have this, you know, about us page. You only really need three pages and that to start and you can always add more. can always add more, but it's a basic little website with your logo on it that talks about you. It'll have your domain, right, for your company, your LLC, and it's all in here ready to go. And then same thing what I said with the funnel that's used if you actually have a deal, it would look like this. And it would all be back in here. And this would talk about a specific deal that you're marketing. Okay? So that way you can send this page out to anybody. So if they said, "Hey, send me over some information." Great. Here it is. And they can come here, they can click on this, they can download the pitch deck and all that stuff. It'll all be in here. So that way it's all organized. Makes you look professional. But this is part of kind of creating this little multifamily business because once you set this up once it's set up like you don't need, you know, so the work up front, sure, but you know, we've set up everything to kind of template it for you, make it super easy. We have the people that can help you do it. It's all in there. So when you go into the back end, you'll want to look for um this. And if you can go straight into your vendors and lenders and capital, you'll see everything in there. So that way they can design things for you. They can um set up the logos. They can do any of this kind of techy stuff that I'm even talking about. So that way it all works for you to your benefit. &gt;&gt; Hey Justin, uh once you get a deal and you're adding it to your website under, you know, opportunities, uh is that something we need to send to COA as well? I mean, it's not &gt;&gt; No, you should be able I mean, you'll maybe the first time, but you'll probably want to learn some basics on it to where you could very easily add a deal right on your and not have to have somebody do it. Um, some of the, you know, more detailed stuff, sure, but there is a lot of dragging and dropping on it that's pretty easy. And then you can just each new deal, you can just clone it, right? do &gt;&gt; and then update, you know, some info about the property and some photos. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but the first one's already set up. I mean, it's templated, ready to go. You're just switching out some text and photos and information, a couple links, and then it's already a part of it. So, yeah, but that's, you know, kind of a key component um to marketing your deals, uh raising some capital and money, bringing people in. So, it's kind of the techy side, but once it's set up, it's in place and it's just going to help you run what you're trying to do here much more efficiently, if that makes sense. Uh, I see Luis, &gt;&gt; what's up, Justin? Uh, could you Good to see you. Could you uh explain I've had this com I've had this um idea about raising or starting a fund. Can you talk about that? I've seen that a couple of times in your decks. Um what should we be exploring that? Should we not like just explain that a little bit? Thank you. &gt;&gt; Meaning uh doing a fund versus a deal raise. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; So yeah, in the beginning because I know everybody gets excited like yeah let me start a fund. So it's really difficult to do that if you're brand new because I wanted to do the same thing and then I had somebody say well you have to understand what happens when you do a fund. It's a pool and you're putting a bunch of money in it and then you're dispersing that money. So people that invest in that are investing in you and your strategy which means you've had to have had successes in order to have a strategy that they can believe in. Make sense? So that's why when you start you typically start deal by deal by deal for your first few and then once you have a few of them under your belt then sure you can go do a fund because now people are like yeah man I I their strategy is X. So they go in and they do this and these certain markets and they do certain things to the units and so forth and they have a strategy and a plan for that. So we're just investing in that. Does that answer your question? &gt;&gt; Yep, that sure does. Thank you. &gt;&gt; So in the beginning, everybody should be deal for your first one or two. Yeah. Uh I see Vincent in here. We got Allan. Good to see you. Um Rex, good to see you as well. Rose. Um, anybody else want to step up and say hi? Any uh any good news, bad news, wins, losses? Why don't we share those? &gt;&gt; I sent you a deal, Justin, if you want to uh take a look at that one. It's in OKC &gt;&gt; that uh I've got a trip planned. I leave tomorrow for a couple days in Kansas City and then uh driving down to OKC and then flying home. But uh &gt;&gt; beautiful. I've got days lined up. &gt;&gt; You should document. &gt;&gt; Honestly, you should document that trip for yourself like in a vlog format. &gt;&gt; And I just bought one of those little handheld vlog cameras and I I hated it and I sent it back. &gt;&gt; Don't do that. Don't do that. Listen, I mean what what I have learned and what people have learned and probably you're part of this too is you know for years everybody would do these high production videos and everybody was attracted to that for a while and then it became so common that it was kind of like eh now it's more back to the raw and authentic stuff because people can connect with you more personally. So yeah, I mean you hey I'm I'm a investor. I'm flying into Casey. I'm looking at these deals. I'm touring them. whatever it may be. And then you, you know, put that together with some simple basic editing. Uh, it doesn't have to be fancy. And I'd put a couple vlogs up on YouTube and, you know, create your little mini YouTube channel. Watch what happens. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. &gt;&gt; That's what I would do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I've got several account or uh properties in uh uh uh Kansas City and then I got super excited about one uh in Oklahoma. Actually, there's two of them and they're off market. And uh when I kind of described, you know, there was some pain in the butts about getting to go see this one property and and he said, "Is that the only one you're going to see while you're here?" And I said, "Well, here's my criteria. You know, I want to see, you know, this, this, and this." And he said, "Well, I've got two of those." And I was like, "There you go. Yeah, send them to me." &gt;&gt; So, I I just threw one into a uh this is literally right before we started. I was working on the uh the spreadsheet and so I just sent that to you and uh if you want to chat about that one that one's uh I'm excited &gt;&gt; we only have a few more minutes. I want to get if it's okay I'll have Kevin Yeah, I'll have Kevin and the team review that. Make sure that gets before you. &gt;&gt; Not a problem. &gt;&gt; Uh I see Leandro and then we got Josh in here real quick. &gt;&gt; Uh hey, just a quick question. I want to get your thoughts on military markets. &gt;&gt; Love them. And I have a little bit of inside track on that. I'll tell you guys about it. It's probably not fair. Um, portal access real quick for CRM. I was just putting in a task in here. Um, so yes, it's called what's called B realignment. Brack realignment. Base relocations and closures. Base relocations and closures. So, uh, my business partner, uh, I don't know if I think I've told the story a couple times. So, I met him in the back of a grad school classroom in 2006 originally and we're on break and we're looking at each other and I'm looking at his screen and stuff and it looks like there's like an Atari game going on like just a live people running around on the screen. I asked him what he was doing and he said he was watching a battle go on in Iraq and like a live Google satellite feed and I was like, "What?" And he's like, "Yeah, yeah, check this out." I don't think he was supposed to show me. So, he was working through a company called Tapestry Solutions at the time. They designed for the US military uh software that basically tracks every asset in the battlefield in real time. No different than like a FedEx package and a barcode. Okay? So, they can track everything and know, you know, they're running out of gas in this tank and they have bullets. They're running out of bullets and these people are moving over here. They need water. You get the supply chain in the battlefield. So he left, started his own company called Tactical Edge and then started another one called Capture to Proposal. Capture to proposal. The point behind that company was they saw a need with private companies trying to get government contracts and there there really wasn't a good facility to do end to end meaning find them uh apply for them uh see the likelihood that you would actually get it. Do a bunch of research in the marketplace. get a bunch of data and AI and everything overlaid on top of that and then manage these contracts with the government from end to end if you were a private company seeking government contracts. So he created this company and did that. Point being with the Brack realignment is he has access to pretty much where all the money is moving in the United States government and he can tell you hey they're going to be putting stuff into Austin, Texas. They're going to be putting stuff into Dallas. They're going to be putting stuff into San Antonio. They're going to be putting stuff into San Diego. And you know this about 10 years in advance. Like it's a 10-year move. So we know where money's moving around the country. And for the military, number one, because that's the big component to it. So yes, about the military. So we know where they're putting all the military money. And I can tell you Texas is definitely one of them. Uh a most recent one that's get ready, but you know about it is is Huntsville, Alabama. Okay, because all that's the highest concentration of PhDs anywhere in the United States for all the rockets. So, it's moving there. So, yeah, I know you guys are all writing this down. It's good. Let's go buy some stuff in Huntsville. Uh, but any of that. Um, obviously San Diego is another huge one. Um, there's a couple other parts around the US, East C or, you know, Atlanta and Georgia and stuff like that. There's a lot of stuff going in there. uh Virginia, everybody knows about that. Um but yes, we love it and that's what you want to look for. You could almost go on chat GPT and say, "Hey, like where talk about B R A C B relocations and closures and tell me in the United States to the best of your ability where you see that stuff headed because that's what's going to tell you is where the US military and the government's opening and closing bases and moving money right around the United States." Because, as you know, the government goes in, what comes behind them? Private companies. And then you have all the supporting companies around that. So you create this ecosystem within a uh a market and it's supported by both public and private companies. So yeah, I mean you obviously got me going on the topic, but we we follow very very closely and we also look for university towns, right? Not that we're looking to be right next to the university, but we want to be within region of it because you get a different um type of uh I won't say transient population, but you get that camaraderie and certain stuff. So, if you can combine the the military uh with university towns, good combo. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for this particular example, there is also a a university in the city. It is sort of a small city. It's not big, but it's close to Fort Stewart. I don't know if you heard of this. &gt;&gt; I'm not. Yeah. Where is that located at? &gt;&gt; Hinesville, Georgia. Close to Savannah. &gt;&gt; Okay, nice. &gt;&gt; And there's also a college down there. Still too early in the conversation with the with the broker. He still uh needs to send me a lot of information. For some reason, the T12 is missing taxes and insurance. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Why would you care about those? Uh so, he's going to send me uh some information. But um &gt;&gt; yeah, and I'm a big fan of Savannah. I mean, I know it's on the water and stuff like that, but any of that stuff around there is great. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not too clo this location particular is not too close to the water. Uh it's south west of Savannah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Beautiful. So, yeah. Love it. I love it. &gt;&gt; And I think um last one here. I see Josh up here. What's up, Josh? &gt;&gt; Um not much. you were just talking about wins and losses and um I lost the uh Kansas City deal because well I walked away because he wouldn't give me the water bill. He kept on first he wasn't going to give it to me at all and I I told him like you know it's this is a a deal breakaker and then he said he gave me one for a different apartment, a different building and I'm like what's going on? He's like oh well they're changing the water meter so I haven't paid it in a couple months. And I was like, "How did you get the numbers for the T12?" He just made them up. And then I was like, "Well, you've owned it for years. Give me last year's water bill." Wouldn't do it. And I was just like, "Dude, I can't trust you, man." And you're saying it's $150 for 12 units. I was like, "It should be like $50 a unit. Like, what what's wrong?" Like, "No, no, I'm out." &gt;&gt; Yeah. That starts to that starts to smell. That's unfortunate. Um &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Listen, I mean &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, he's got two choices. He's either going to find somebody that doesn't know what they're doing, which would be shocking. Uh because yeah, even a a normal investor would want the utilities to verify the numbers. Um I mean that's like common. I mean it's like 101. Um so I'm just shocked that he doesn't want to share that. Um I mean I know why. You know why? because it's probably either high or something's going on and it affects the financials which affects his price, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's not $150. It's probably $700, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; You know, and that's going to that just eats into the profit every month, &gt;&gt; right? Yeah. It changes your NOI, changes the value. &gt;&gt; So, that's that's pretty substantial. &gt;&gt; Can I ask you about um Manhattan? Manhattan, Kansas. It's a college. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm not that familiar with it, but yeah, &gt;&gt; it's a it's a college city. It's small though. I'm And I'm kind of scared of small towns. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, how far is it away from a big metro? &gt;&gt; Uh, it's not that close. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, no different than the one we were just talking about with Michael and um and Bruce. You just want to really dig into the job. Uh, you know, just really understanding because that's a tertiary market, right? Is just really understanding it and understanding the jobs and population and stuff like that. uh and then in new construction and new development that may be coming in. So that way you don't um you don't have one job provider leave and the whole town goes vacant, right? That type of thing. So that's why you just want to be real tactful with the job providers. &gt;&gt; Yeah, copy that. &gt;&gt; That's going to be a key component because the the lenders are going to do the same thing, right? Is they're going to say, "Hey, talk talk about the population and job growth and security and stability of that market, blah blah blah blah blah." because that's going to just raise a little bit of a risk on the on the building, which is why the interest rates are typically a little higher for tertiary markets like that. &gt;&gt; Well, because of COVID and the college, the population's gone down, but now they're at precoid population. So, it's going back up because of the college, &gt;&gt; but I'm still I don't know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I would I would look at I just focus on the job providers more as long as it's trending okay and it's stable. It's really the job providers to make sure it's you have, you know, a dozen or a half dozen good job providers in the area. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you bet. You bet. Awesome. Everybody, we're going to hop off here. So, let me know um Tony. Yeah, check with Ryan on that back end and then if there's anybody else that doesn't have access to your CRM and website, let us know as well so I can make sure the team, you know, get you that portal access because that's kind of the component of, you know, you are running a business. I mean, you are officially a multif family investor running a multif family business whether you have a deal yet or not. And part of that is creating that kind of presence a little bit online because between lenders, brokers, and anybody interested in even giving you a dime of money, they're going to want to check you out and they're just going to see, hey, you know, who are they? So having just a basic little three tab website symbol doesn't have to be sexy. A basic CRM that's attached to that, which this is, that gives you, hey, how can I organize my contacts a little bit from an investor standpoint to where, hey, when I have a deal, I can send it out to them and keep everything organized and ready to go. So that's really, really, really important. So, &gt;&gt; hey Justin, on the CRM tool on the back end, are we able to do uh distribution lists? you can't from that because that's not an investor relations software, right? That's just a CRM, client um retention manager. So, in the future, and we didn't even do it for our first two or three deals, once you get to your second or third deal, then you can get into what's called syndication uh pro or cash flow. There's a couple investor relation softwares that'll do all that kind of distribution stuff for you. In the beginning, you can use a spreadsheet. That's what we did. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You don't need to. &gt;&gt; Thanks. &gt;&gt; And then Cristiano, one last thing real quick. &gt;&gt; Yes. Hi, Justin. Um, quick question about the refinancing uh process. All right. Um, I was wondering if it's always like worth it to refinance. If the rates go down of there is like certain like drop, it doesn't justify the cost. uh the the new closing cost especially this question it's relevant to this moment now that it looks like at some point that the the rates are coming down so let's say you lock in a certain rate now for six seven years in a year the rates are I don't know half a point lower or whatever do you refinance that or generally you don't refinance if the drop I mean the difference is less than I don't know a given percentage &gt;&gt; yeah so the one yeah so what you don't want to do is just trade money in one pocket for the next so Sure, you're going to look at that to say, "Okay, if we drop our rate by a half point or or 1%, that's going to save us, you know, 150,000 a year in in mortgage interest or whatever it may be. What is the cost to do the refi?" Cuz uh they do charge you for that stuff to do it. There's points and fees and all that other stuff, legal and things involved in that. So, as long as the benefit outweighs the cost, then yeah, you could lock in a lower rate. um cuz there may be some prepayment stuff depending on your loan and stuff like that cuz most loans are I should say most all commercial loans and the mo ones you're going to be involved with are going to probably be a sevenyear fiveyear or maybe even a 10year but probably five or seven that's going to be the the type of loans you're going to be getting is five and sevenyear loans on the commercial debt &gt;&gt; and they have prepayment penalty generally speaking or &gt;&gt; some it depends depends on the loan sometimes they do sometimes they don't but when you get into that. That'll be something you'll see uh before you would sign on to that loan. You would see if they have a prepayment or not. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Perfect. Thank you. Thank you for watching. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Everybody have a great rest of your evening. Let us know if you need any help. Okay. We're here. &gt;&gt; You bet. &gt;&gt; Thank you.