Hello, hello, hello. Coming on in. Hope everybody can hear me right now. Sure it's available in the chat. Happy Thursday. See everybody coming in here real quick. We got Adrian, Cristiano, good to see you, Joe, Rory, Samira. Awesome. Uh, Ingen, good to see you. Don, welcome in. Randy, great to see you. Happy Thursday. Do you have a cool coffee cup? Does this say sunshine? Good morning, sunshine. Good morning, sunshine. All right, so by request from last week, Michael, good to see you. Welcome in. Welcome in. Good morning, good afternoon, depending on where you're at. Um, people wanted to go over the app, the mobile app this morning and today. So, I'm going to share my screen, go through that. I'm going to walk through it so that way everybody can download it. Number one. Number two, and I'll double check uh who here has signed up for your free software. So, our real estate radar software you get uh as a mentee and we give it to you for 90 days totally complimentary um because we want people using that. It's a very good software. We would also love your feedback because we're always improving it to make sure it's extremely valuable to you and your um Yeah, I did see that uh Samira you guys registered on that. So, that's good. And the checkout worked where you're not paying on it. Um so, that's good. Uh but if not, I'll go ahead and share that link again with the coupon code so that way you can get in and utilize it. Um in addition to the direct to broker approach, the direct to owner approach and setting up some pipelines for deal finding. Uh the software is very good and we're using it. I mean we're using it all around the country to wholesale uh multif family deals. Um hold on one second here. Let me make sure see if um copy the invite. Want to make sure that one of our new mentees um she gets in here as well. So, she'd literally just signed up. Um, okay. So, I make sure she gets that. Um, beautiful. Okay. So, let me go ahead and jump into the app and show you the little video I recorded and then I'll walk through that, you know, little by little for you. So, [Music] awesome. And then another thing we're going to do because I'm trying to find ways to lean into all of you and to help out. Um, and so I'm going to be running a couple challenges and these are going to be cool because it's going to get give you a chance um for me to fly out at no cost to you whatsoever. I'm going to fly out to you and if you're investing in a market out of state, we're going to go to the market together and I'm going to spend three days with you in that market because the whole initiation process we talk about in the beginning is, you know, we get choose the market, we're looking for deals, right? Meeting brokers, writing offers, analyzing deals, all that stuff, right? And that's kind of like the recycling process you're in until a deal lands. And I know that that's just a cycle you're in until you get stuff to to execute. So, uh, we're finalizing the challenge, but it's going to be, you know, really like analyzing deals and going through that first process to complete some things. And then we're going to have like a contest where everybody's going to be um that completes the challenge. Uh, we're going to pull uh three names from a hat. And we're going to do this every quarter. Every quarter. and I'm going to be flying out to you and we're going to spend 3 days together in an intensive and it's just going to be for like the people that are like in here right now. Um it's separate for anybody new that comes in cuz this is something I want to do for the people that are here right now. Um which was a good amount of you but leaning in a little bit further be understand why this is happening. Um this is all about law of reciprocity and I believe heavily in the universe paying itself forward and 10xing you. You know, I went to school at Pepperdine University Christian School. And you know, at the top, literally the plaque when you drive into the school, it says, "Freely ye give, freely ye receive." Right? Freely you give, freely ye receive. And the point behind that is I know darn well that if we can lean in a little bit further to some of you, and we can't do it for everybody because obviously I can't travel everywhere. Um, but if we create a challenge which then forces you to lean in and do work, but then as a result of that, you get rewarded. Um, and then I can fly out to you and spend three days with you touring the market that you're looking in, meeting the brokers with you, touring the properties with you, meeting the property managers with you, meeting the construction crews, setting up that market for you, so where you feel like, hey, we're locked and loaded, ready to go. It's extremely valuable. but also in tune with that now we're going to get a chance to connect deeper number one but number two when you do bigger deals which is going to happen who do you think we're probably going to partner with including the community right and that's the whole point of doing this is so people can collaborate raise money raise deals all that stuff together right that's where the value comes in is the networking uh I was listening to a gentleman yesterday and I agree 100% with this it's not about the information right we're not just selling information year. Ultimately, it's a transformation, right? It's we're selling a transformation and getting you from where you're at to where you want to go because by doing that, you win, we win, everybody wins. And that's what it's all about. Make sense? So, we'll finalize that. We'll shoot it out to you all kind of and then that way for the folks that are jumping in and running in, um, how cool would that be? And it's actually fun for me to be quite honest with you. Um to be able to to do that and I'm going to do it at my own expense uh is for the three people uh that win the challenge each quarter and flying out to you. Flying out to you. Uh and if once again if you're say California and you're investing in the Midwest, well, we're going together, right? Don't worry about you. Go out there. We'll meet in the Midwest. Don't worry about it. And if it's in your market you're already in and you're investing in your backyard, I'm coming to you and we're going to do it that way. And we're going to spend three days together just like I would tell you to do. Fly out on a Sunday, Monday, fly back Tuesday. Do the same thing. I'm going to fly out on a Sunday. We're going to tour Monday, Tuesday. I'm flying back and we're going to run the gamut and I'm going to show you how it's done. Uh one-on-one. Okay? One-on-one. So, um, not just for the people in the Zoom, it'll be for the people that, uh, come into the challenge because you're going to have to complete a little bit of work and then with that, your name will be dropped in a hat and we're going to pull from the hat. So, obviously, because we have to make it reasonable. Um, but yeah, everybody's better with hands-on, right? And I would agree with that, Rose, 100%. Everybody's better with hands-on. It'll click and link with you better. Um, you know, so we're we're trying to find more ways to lean in and uh freely you give, freely you receive because I know darn well with everybody in here, you all want to do this and you all want to be successful and you all want to execute. Uh, that's not the problem. You know, we just need to find ways to get over the hump in a few cases and get those first ones where now the confidence hits and then you're like, "Okay, my lips are wet on this baby. Let's go to round two and oh my god, now let's go to round three." And I and I'm seeing it happen because for everybody that's having uh their first deals and second deals, we're seeing exactly what's happening, which is exactly what we want. And that is you're getting your first one, you're super excited, and the first one's always the hardest. It's always the hardest. Doing the first thing the first time is always the hardest in general in anything you do that's worth it. And then you got you get it and you're like, "Okay, let's rinse and repeat." And then by the third one you do, you typically are wanting to go bigger. I mean, every single person that's here that has done multiple deals, you all want to go bigger. Um, and it's by nature. And then we're seeing 56 unit, 86 unit, 75 unit, 58 unit, 46 unit, right? And then by nature, we're also getting a chance to partner with you. And then you're throwing those deals out to the community for people to partner because it requires a little bit more money, a little more capital, a little more resume. And because of that, you need co-artnerships in order to take bigger deals down. And that gives us a chance to grow with you. So now we're growing our portfolio, you're growing your portfolio, everybody's winning. And that is ultimately the the big picture of multifamily schooled and why this is even happening. So um, beautiful. Okay. So I will keep you posted on that. It's we're pretty close to it. So within the next week that'll be going out and that way we can then have a begin date and end date for the challenge. Um and then ideally it would be for I'm trying to think. So you got April, May, June, July. Um I guess wait hold on January, February, March, April, May, June. Yeah. So you have July, August, September. So it'll be for a Q3. A Q3. Um uh Um, oh, Christine, we'll uh let me take a look at that. Thank you for sharing that. You've been sending emails. That's odd. Um, we will double check. I have not seen those, so let me see what's going on. But thank you for sharing that. We want to make sure that we respond to you very quickly. So, thank you for sharing that. We're going to take that right now. I'll have the team look into that with me and we will get on that. So, thanks for that. Cool. So, one second here. Yeah, we'll double check and we'll reach out to you one way or the other on that, Christine. Yeah, thank you for sharing. Yeah, let me share my screen on the app. Make sure everybody downloads this baby and then I'll walk through it. Um, but this is a little video and this is if when you download the app and then uh everybody can hear me right now, I presume. Okay. Okay, great. And let me acknowledge a few people that just came in. We got Bruce in here. Great to see you. Awesome. Yeah, I love keeping it relatively small and intimate. This is what it's all about. All right, so kind of walking through the app. When you download it, it's going to come into this. It's going to load to this first screen. Okay. Going to load to this first. It's still not working. I have a call with Zach today at 3M. Rose. Rose. Okay. Um, yeah, that's odd. But yeah, we'll we'll jump into that. Uh, let me make a note so we can look to see if something with the uh Rose and when you're logging in, are you using the same email that you have your account with and stuff? Uh, that is correct, Matt. The It's called multifamily schooled. Multifamily schooled. Multifamily schooled. Okay. Yeah, we'll make note of that so that way we get that handled. Uh app issue. Okay. Okay. Yeah, and we did see that uh text rows. I did see that actually. I'm just surprised it's still not working. So, we need to look into that. Okay. Awesome. So, it'll look like this. And then all you're going to be doing is clicking on where it says uh view group, right? Right up here top view group. And that'll take you to the next section. Then it'll be loading into this. Now, uh, let me see if it allows me to annotate. Allow me to annotate on this thing. Yeah. Cool. Get that out of there. Can you guys see my orange thing writing on the screen? Just to make sure. You should. Okay. Awesome. So yeah, with that, uh, you're going to then once you're in there, this is obviously the premier community side, but you're going to come up to this guy here. You have these guys here, and then you have these guys here. Probably the most three important ones, and I'll I'll walk through this a little bit more. So when you open up the side panel up here, you're going to see all this. Okay, you have two communities. Okay. So, you have this one and then you have this one. Right now, it's highlighted for the premier community, but watch what happens because you can also go to the other one. You have the main one that like you know there's um you know, tons of people in as well, but that's for anybody and everybody. And then you're you're in the mentorship premier university community. So that's, you know, for the for the folks that are investing in themselves like this and doing this, but you have access to both and you're going to navigate right through here. The point being behind that is you see how we've we've selected it up and done it by region, right? East coast, West Coast, Midwest, Southwest, all that stuff. Okay? And then same thing with the other community, breaking it up. And then you can see the threads in each area. Kevin is on our team. We're in there sharing deals, just FYI, that we're getting from our brokers and stuff around the country and stuff that we're analyzing as well. Okay. So, we'll be dropping more stuff in there. But then coming through here and then you can actually come up here. Let me see where I show you where that's at. I think it's Yeah. So, let me get out of this. So, if you want to get to the chat and um you know either talk to or um you know send a notification, a message, whatever it is to another person in the community, you can come right here to the chat section. You're going to open that up. We're improving this too, so that way um it's a little easier to find and uh share with people. Okay, it'll it'll be it's super easy when you're inside the thread for the region, right? But if you want to chat directly with someone, we're going to make it a little bit easier. So, we're improving on that. But I'll show you what it is right now. Okay. So, you'll click on that. It's going to open this up. You'll click on search. And then you're going to start to see everybody inside. And then you can tap on them, you can tap on multiple people, whatever it is. And you can go ahead and start sending messages directly to them. And keep in mind what you can also do is if you're putting in a thread like in one of the chats or in the area Southwest or you are um in one of the um uh announcements or discussions or whatever it is, you can you know do the app symbols that everybody does, right? which will tag somebody in the community. So you could come in here and do Erica Shiml or Henry Wilbur, you know, Josh G, and it should tag them, which will then notify them. So the key point to this thing actually being great is you need to make sure your notifications are turned on. Okay, notifications are turned on. And you do that in your settings so you can chat for anybody, you know, organize them in there so you're all in. And then in the learning section, so as well is I mean technically all your courses and stuff are in the learning section. Um so let me show this. And so down here at the bottom you have learning, you have discussion, you have your profile that you'll update the home screen, all that's there. But with the uh the learning section, if you click on the learning section, it's then going to open up your um your courses and you're back in. So, it has everything in there, too, if you need it, right? Sometimes a lot of the stuff is easier done on the desktop, but it is in here for you, FYI. So, that's that. And then coming through. Yeah. I want you to go to your settings. Okay. In your settings, you're going to scroll down to notifications right here. If you have an iPhone, find out where it is on your Android. If you have an Android, you should just throw it in the trash and get an iPhone. I'm just kidding. Totally kidding. Not really, but I am kidding. Um, yeah, Christine, I'm not a I mean, you're going to need internet connection. So, I do I do think you need the internet connection to to obviously get onto the app and everything, just like anything uh you're doing. So, I I don't believe it's an offline thing. I think it has to be um you have to have at least a connection as long as you have a connection. But you'll want to um do your notifications and then um adjust them. You know, scroll down to multifamily schooled. Whoops. The app right there, open it up, and just make sure everything's turned on. Make sure everything's turned on. So this way when somebody tags you in a comment, sends you a message, uh sends you in a discussion, you're going to get notified. And then what's going to happen is then it'll pop up on your screen, number one. But then number two, up here in the notification section right in the app, you'll be able to come in here each time and just click on these guys and you'll be able to see chats and notifications and things that you've been corresponding on to kind of keep it live and friendly and communicate. And that's the entire purpose of it because the more that everybody's active and we're doing this stuff together inside here and we're in here, I have our team in here every single day. So, but it obviously it takes everybody and I just wanted to show you how the app works so you feel comfortable and it's easy to use and then we're always improving it uh to try and make things better and we're in there taking a peek as well. Um so by all means let's get in there and and chat around and share some things whether it's deals whether you need capital you know the financing side. So, even in some of this, you'll see how uh financing and capital section, you know, so if you have like deals, maybe you have deals you're working on, deals you're in, maybe you need money and capital and all that stuff, you can click right on here and put in your request and put in the deal, share some stuff, whatever it is, you can share it right in there. And that way, people could start looking at deals around the country and financing and capital needs, right? Because that's usually the two biggest things, right? two biggest hurdles that most people face is how to find good deals, how to finance and capitalize them and structure them. Right? So, obviously we go through that here as part of the mentorship, but then having this collaboration inside there for money for capital for deals, money, capital deals, money, capital, deals, money, capital deals, because that tends to be always the the biggest hurdle for most folks. So, that is the main stuff on the app. It's there. Uh let me see if there's anything else down here on that. See my Instacart. I'm going to get $10 off my wellness for Instacart. Bigger Tom. She love that stuff. Um, so yeah, but that is uh the app. Very cool. So, hope that helps. Um, I'll stop sharing that real quick. Cool. Uh, let me see. Tony, I see Tony. To be clear, I'm in the West Coast, but I'm looking for deals in the Midwest. Uh, you would want to join both? Both, Tony. Yes. Um, oh, Rose, I see your comment there about uh your slug or your profile slug. So, maybe that's our little issue there um that we will look at. Good to know. Yeah, but go in there to the profile, make sure it's the same email and stuff. Um, and we can update that. We can look at that. Um, just going through some of the comments here. Okay, there we go. Boom. Boom. Good job, Rose. You found the air. The email on my desktop is different than the one on the phone. Okay, there we go. See, we're troubleshooting live live. Um, so I do want to open it up real quick and I'm going to analyze the deal um that Brian Norton has sent in to the system. It's actually a portfolio, 48 units, I think four different deals. I'm going to show one of them and walk through the analyzer and stuff, but then I also wanted to uh open up some Q&amp;A right now um on stuff that you guys may be uh you know dealing with. So, I see Rory in here real quick. I'm going to bring you on real quick. Come on in. Hey, Justin, can you hear me? I got you. I got you. Yeah. So, thanks for hooking me up with uh Hayden and uh Matt, but I didn't speak to Matt, but I spoke with Hayden and um I'm actually going to try I've talked to them and they kind of explained me where they are and I'm trying to help them to kind of get it and bring some value to it. I'm trying to raise some money and I actually did raise some money for them and I'm going to may probably put a little bit in myself. Sure. Uh and I told him too cuz our our fund uh that we have we're finalizing up another deal right now. Um but we may have some uh we call it dry powder. So when you hear these terms like dry powder I mean it just means you have some disposable income capital that you can place. Um so that's kind of when people throw out that term. I got some dry powder to throw at deals. That's what that means. Yeah. So um yeah. So they're hopefully, you know, they're saying that, you know, for every x amount of money that you raise, you get a percentage of the the GP. And you know I I I'm more doing this not only as an investment but just to partner along with them so that I can you know just speed up my process of learning and just you know have you know just uh getting in and learning through actually doing it cuz I'm just I don't want to say struggling but just just struggling a little bit just to like get more confidence to get some offers I mean some uh LOIs in and just being able to analyze it. So, I think that's going to Would you say it's um Sorry to interrupt you. Um cuz I'm I want to dive into this cuz I'm sure this will be common with other folks too that are listening. Um and Brian, I'm going to bring you up on your deals by the way that you'd sent into the team. So, I see you in here. Um is it a mental mind shaft thing? Is it a uh staying consistent thing? You know, walk me through kind of some of those struggles mentally or physically. um that are the challenge at the moment. So, we can kind of push through those a little bit right now and then maybe that'll help out some other people, too. Yeah. I I guess what's hard is um the hardest part is I think inputting the the data cuz some of like some of the well, I guess maybe I should just move on from this one deal, but this one deal that I that I really like. It's an onmarket deal um that I had sent to you folks originally maybe a couple weeks ago, but then then soon as I sent it in, then I found a whole another like files in in in the deal file, you know, that the the broker put out that had all different like more detailed information. I guess what I'm struggling in is getting the data that they're having and just inputting the data into the deal analyzer uh either correctly where I'm having a hard time logistically working the deal calendar. I mean the deal analyzer to like to make sure that because I mean that's the whole thing is I got to make sure I'm putting the numbers in correctly otherwise what's the point, right? you know that and then just like importing the data like where does it go or you know like uh and just being able just I think that's where I'm struggling the biggest and then because I'm struggling to do that I go in there and I like last night I was going like I made myself committed okay I'm going to I'm going to put this you know get this deal over to you guys correctly and then I just sat at it trying to figure it out for like like an hour or too and I couldn't figure it out and then I just gave up for the evening, you know what I mean? And then yeah, so that's that's where I'm struggling the most. Okay, beautiful. Yeah, thanks for sharing. Looks like ingen same boat. So let's walk through that real quick. Um yeah, thanks for sharing. So we're going to go through that real quick. I want to show you. Oh, and then one other thing is so I noticed on the um on on the on the website, you know, like on the platform you have like the most recent one that uh uh like the deal analyzer, but then I saw someplace else that there's like another place that they had it like I don't know if it's an older version of this. Yeah. So what it is is there's um we have two deal analyzers that you get um as a part of the community. They look very similar. Yeah. The first one's the similar um is the um the easier one. Uh you said they're they're both similar or Yeah. I mean they look similar. Yeah. Okay. So let let me go ahead and walk you through your mentorship thing in the back end real quick. We'll answer a couple of your questions. I'm going to share my screen. Stand by. Okay. So, when you come into your backend portal um and you get into the actual mentorship thumbnail, right, when you're in the back end of your courses and stuff and you see the mentorship, it's going to launch into this and then let's go into just the deal analyzer stuff, but let's let me show you where the um download section is at. you'll have downloads. And then in here, you're going to see all of your downloads. And the main one here, you're going to your deal analyzer. You have two of them right here. So, this is the deal analyzer that you should be using to start with. That's for 0 to 50 units. It's a much simpler one. I'm going to show you that live in just a second. This other one is for once you get your first two deals in and you want to go bigger, you get the the big home skillet at deal analyzer. This one's probably a $300 to $5,000 analyzer. We spent that when we had it built years ago and we use it today for all of our bigger deals. Okay. So, that's that's when you're going to really get rock and roll. Uh but to to have you do that one right now, I mean, your head would pop off your shoulders. So, we don't do that. Um this is where you need to start. So, that's these are the two analyzers that are right in the back end of your download section. Have you gone in there to download all this stuff yet? Um, I I did, but I don't know if it's the same one because I did Okay. I did uh get it from where I found it from not from the download section, but I found it from the the part of the course where it said analyzing the deal. I don't know if that's the same link. It should. Yeah, it should be the same. But just to for safety purposes, what I would do is for everybody in here that hasn't done this yet, I would, and we say this in the videos, but come in here, come into your download section, and feel free to pull all this stuff off here and put it into a folder on your computer so you have it in one nice little spot. Okay? And this is everything from your 90-day action guide, top tools that you would use in multifamily here as well, locating brokers, these are the two deal analyzers in Excel for you. You get your pitch deck that's all set, ready to go. Uh, vendors and systems. All of our vendors and systems, these are bookkeepers, accountants, CPAs, uh, insurance brokers, lenders. I mean, everybody that we use, boom, right there. Um, under financial underwriting tips. So, when you're underwriting deals, these are tips and tricks and kind of guidelines to use. Uh, due diligence checklist. This is beautiful for once you get into escrow on a deal. this is what you need. And once again, when you go through the different sections of the uh the program, it tells you, it references this stuff, but it tells you, hey, take a look at this. Take a look at this. Uh raising capital and financing. These are this is your investor funnel. So, if you want to attract investors in, this is kind of just a simple funnel look of what kind of things you should have to attract investors in. Uh the data and websites and research. Honestly, you don't even need this anymore. This was put in two and a half years ago when we didn't have this amazing thing called AI. But nowadays, I mean, I kid you not, and this is why we're building AI into it right here, right? You can literally come in here and ask Charlie anything about AI. I'm sorry, about AI. Anything about multif family you want and she'll go through like how do I underwrite a multif family deal? To underwrite a multif family deal, analyze the income, look at this, this, and this. Evaluate the expenses. Look at this and this and this. Projected returns. Look at this and this. If you want more detailed guidance on the tips, let me know. Let's go. Boom. It's going to get better and better and better when we're building it in. We're making it smarter, making it faster. Like all the training is going on, but it works right now. And it's going to get to a point, which is where we're really going with it, where it's going to be me responding to you right here, both on your app and a desktop, me in live real time. So, if you're at 2 in the morning and you're sitting in your bed and you're like, "Oh, I wonder what this is." You're going to be able to ask it and it's going to be me like going, "Hey Rory, this is how you'll do this, this, this, this, and this. Considering this, this, this, and this. Let's talk about this, this, this, and this. Give me a deal right now. Let's analyze it together." Boom. Like, it's going to get that good in real time. And you'll be able to literally upload your Excel. Like, this is how good it's going to get because AI is just stupid. You're going to upload the OM, the offering memorandum, the PDF marketing thing that the broker gives you. You're going to throw in the T12 and the and the rent roll and your deal analyzer where you've thrown in the numbers. You're going to put it into the AI chat. You're going to say, "Hey, can you help me analyze this right now?" And we're going to go to work and we're going to analyze it right in front of you and we're going to spit out all the stuff right through the system. I mean, that's where it's going. I mean, it's all it's crazy, guys. It's crazy, but it's it's sick what's happening. Um, and we're building it all into the platform internally. So, you'll have it right on your app and you'll have it, uh, right on your desktop. So, um, yeah, that is what is in the works. In the works. Um, okay. So, and and it works now. So, you can come in here right now and start, you know, testing it in chat. Um, let's start a new chat. Let's because we're we're improving the speed. Anna, I am your AI personality for the multif family mentorship. I don't need you, Anna. Stop talking. Downloads inside service. Sorry. Uh, Charlie, a pitch deck to attract investors. Excel templates. I don't need you to talk. All right. So, that's that you and it we're working on a speed of response right now. It's a little slow in my opinion, but you know, that's where it's at right now. But, it is there. It is live. It does work. You can use it. Uh, and it's it's pretty good. It's pretty good. Um, we're just improving it and improving it. U, but yes, you'll want to come into the download section and I would download all of these documents and all these things and I would put them. These are all your legal documents. This is literally a pitch deck completely filled out a toz on what your pitch deck should look like. Keep in mind, you don't have to have all the parts of it when you do yours. When pitch decks is like when you have a deal and you're going to raise some money. But if we give you an example, an example LOI filled out, done, locked and loaded. Uh an example OM, all the legal documents, purchase contracts in in word form, etc., etc., etc. You're going to do renovations on your buildings, we give you an interior reno spec package, right? This is the types of things you should put into your to your units. Um here's your letter of intent template, but I would go ahead and download all these things, open them up, take a peek at them. Um, that's a lot of stuff. That is great because you need it all if you're going to buy apartment buildings, but that way you have it offline in a computer on a folder. That'd be my recommendation for everybody here. Um, do we have an app? Yes. Uh, man, I know you're just you're coming in here a little bit late. We actually went over that uh the entire app a few minutes ago. Uh, so when this re because this is recorded and we'll put it up in your portal, you can watch that back. But yes, you'll want to go download the app called multifamily schooled, multifamily schooled on your um app store for iPhone or Google Android store and you can download it. Use your same email to log in. It's a native app right on your um right on your phone and that'll give you everything that we're looking at here on the desktop. It'll give it to you in real time. Okay. So, you'll have all that and then if you want to watch this back, um you'll see I literally just went through a video and went through it all. Um cool. So, uh Roy, do you understand this for the download section? Yes. Okay. So, yeah, definitely do that. Anybody else? Ingen, same thing. Come into your download section. Um and I may change this layout. We can change the We We had another one that I thought was a little bit better layout on the screen. I thought was a little easier to to move through. I may move it back to that just for user experience, but it won't affect anything you're doing. So, that's that. And then, let me go ahead and pull up uh because I think Brian, I see you in here. Yeah, I'm going to bring you up here in just a minute. Brian, Christine, I see you in here as well. Um, awesome. Okay, cool. Let me go ahead and bring up I know Brian, you'd sent this in. I know the team responded to you on it. Um, but I want to go ahead and just bring it up. And by the way, Brian, you did send in all four deals, by the way, because it's a portfolio, 48 units. For the sake of this, we're going to go ahead and just analyze um the first one. And then let me go ahead and bring up the OM as well so I can share everybody. And uh Rory, what I'm when you inputting the numbers, um I'll kind of explain you're going to see in this live right now how you would do that. How you would do that and where you would pull the data from. Okay? So that way tonight when you're looking at deals um you know how to put in the data even if you don't have all the data how you would do that. So let's walk through that because if that's an issue for anybody else including you Rory uh let's kind of get over that hurdle here this morning. So stand by. Uh Roy I'm going to let I'll I'm going to mute you up and bring in Brian. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Can I just say something real quick? What's that? I just wanted to say something real quick. Sure. So, one part I like I understand like you know you have like the blue cells that where is where you're inputting the data and some of the other things that um that you don't but a little bit part where I'm getting having a hard time is on the expenses uh section like uh you see where it has annual analyze expenses and then you have the blue parts over there and then some of these things to the left that are in the white, does it automatic does that blue part where it says current current and perform per uh perform populate into the white section where like for example yeah no these are static so anything that's not blue don't touch until you get very familiar with how to use this and just so you know if you want to right so in the back end. And let me share this again so you know where to go where I literally walk through some deals with you. But let me come in here to um module two analyzing deals. So if you come into that mentorship thumbnail portal, click on how to analyze deals. We're going to go through all this stuff, okay? How to analyze blah blah. But then I'm literally going to go through two case studies end to end. like end to end on what to look for. There's a 30 minute video of literally taking the broker's information OM inputting it into the deal analyzer every cell one by one by one by one by one very slowly. I did I did watch I did watch that. Um it's just sometimes sometimes in that expenses things I don't um two things. one I don't so if I put it in the blue sometimes I've noticed that like the the white like so what is that like say if you see the insurance it says fi 5 5,000 right and then it has insurance 500 in the white what does that what does that mean the that's on a per yeah yeah that's a per unit basis per unit basis per unit basis per year. Um, no, it should be Yeah, this is Yeah, per this is per on a per unit basis like how much it would cost. Yeah. Yeah. For the whole year, right? You're saying, right? Correct. Correct. Correct. Okay. But then sometimes like if you go down, you see where it says reserves, the 250 in there. Yep. Sometimes I put a number in there and then the the current and the performer like doesn't change like how it just did for you. So I don't know maybe something happens. Make sure that um you know these formulas don't move in here. So and keep in mind all this is doing is saying okay we're going to have $300 per year per unit. $300 per year per unit. Okay. And in the cell you can see the formula. If you actually click up into the cell area. Yeah, I know not everybody's Excel based. So, and that's why we keep this thing real simple, but what it's going to do for you is actually highlight the cells that it's multiplying together, right? So, in this case, it's taking I31. So, it's see how it's in blue, right? Times A35. See how it's highlighting it over here in red? So, it's taking the cost per unit, multiplying it by the number of units to get you that number of 3,000 bucks. Okay. Okay. So, it's showing you in the formula. If you actually click up in the formula cell up here, it'll actually highlight the cells so you can kind of match it up ver visually as to where it's putting things together. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. We keep the once again, we keep the cells very simple. Uh the deal analyzer very simple in the beginning um because if I showed you the other one like I said I mean [Laughter] I think this was complicated. No you you know you you'd lose it on the other one. Um let me ask you this question and this would be for folks in here. like we put in little um comments like if you ever see this little red thing right here where it shows uh comments and it'll give you kind of some guidance. Um is there is there more cells and and there probably is where we can add in some more of those red uh comments that you can actually highlight over. So, this is telling you, hey, this is what debt coverage ratio is and this is where these numbers should be as a little bit more guidance because we could probably do that and upload a new version of it very easily and that may help as well on a little bit more guidance when you're going through these things. Um, okay. Looks like for Michael that would help. Awesome. Good to know. So that way anytime you come through this thing and you're looking at it and it has a little red, you know, thing to highlight over, it's going to give you some guidance on that specific item or term. So we'll go through here and we'll add in some more and then we will re-upload and then we will also send you guys a notification that a new upload is there. Um, so that way that'll be there. Good. C can I ask you another real quick question? Yeah. Okay. So, where it has like the current, you know, current income and uh proforma. Yeah. So, current is what it is today. Current like and then with the vacancies everything, right? Everything exactly what it is today. Not hope and pray, not like tomorrow, what it literally is and has been for the last 12 months. Okay. And then proforma is what you think it's going to be. Yeah. What you believe it can be 12 months from now or about one year from now. Right. Yeah. Or six months from now because I mean keep in mind after Yeah. because there may be no renovations. It could just be that hey I'm buying this property and I just need to raise the rents because I don't really need to do any renovations. It's just way under market. Well in that case your proforma is is sooner. It's not necessarily a year. Maybe it's 6 months. Okay, it's anytime into the future. Even literally the day after you close technically. I mean, if you can hit those numbers two days after closing, awesome. That's technically proforma. It just means future. That's all it means. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks. You bet. Um Brian, can I bring you up? Think you're coming up? Yes, sir. Can you hear me? We got you. You bet. Yeah. So, this is your uh you know, one of your deals here. And uh keep in mind, so just everybody understands. So, like kind of like the pieces of information that you typically uh get from the broker, and we explain this in in the lessons and courses and all that stuff, but it's really three pieces of information. You're going to get the I'm going to type this into the chat. Your OM, your T12, and your rent roll. Okay. OM is offering memoranda. And what that is is basically just a nice little sexy marketing piece that looks like this that the broker puts together to showcase the property. Now, because you're in the smaller 10 to 30 unit space, some brokers do a nice job of this. Some brokers put out like crappy info. It's technically no different than good and bad real estate agents, right? where some do a nice job of marketing, some do not. And but that's kind of the good and the bad news because it's good in the sense that hey, if they don't market it well, then that means, you know, maybe there's more opportunity there if you dig in a little bit because it's not being purchased because it's maybe not being put together nicely by the realtor, which means it's a great opportunity. I mean, that happened to us a couple times on a couple deals where I mean, I'll tell you one of these deals. I mean, this was years ago, and it was uh actually one of our Kansas City deals, and I'll never forget it because um one of our partners texts me on the morning and says, "Hey, I just got this text from um one of my friends and they're uh it's one of our partners, too, and they just got notice of this little deal that's not on market yet. Um but the broker sent him like a simple package. Simple package. Nothing crazy. And we're like, "Oh my gosh, let's take a look at it. Good area." And um but wasn't really being marketed well. And the price point that they were asking and then I was looking at it and I'm like, "Oh my god. Oh my god." Like this agent, it was a a residential real estate agent marketing a 31 unit property and they didn't know what they had. Like they didn't know what they had. We knew, but they didn't. And so we were rushing over there to tour it. This like literally day one. And I'll never forget it because what was funny is we're our team is walking on the people that were with us on the ground, right? I was in San Diego. They were there. Um so they just went over and took a look and they're walking onto the property to go tour it real quick. Our property manager is walking off the property because he's looking to buy it, too. And so we stopped him right there and we said, "Hey dude, here's the deal. We're probably the first two people looking at this. Let's not fight over it. Why don't we just partner together?" And we made a handshake, all that stuff right there in front of it. And we just said, "Let's pay him full asking price because we know that it's undervalued. We know what we can do to this thing. We don't need to worry." And we did. We immediately locked it up literally within 48 hours because I'm like it was just such a rare I mean we knew it like we just knew it and I'm like I didn't even like look at reports. I didn't look at anything cuz I'm like there's just no way we can lose on this thing and we've made an absolute home run on it. So that's rare. That does not I mean that's like kind of a unicorn type situation. But the point being is you may not see all the information. They may not have good information all the time, but if they do, if they do, then it should look similar to this to where they have like a nice OM that's kind of put together like this that talks about the property, highlights it a little bit, and this is a great little property, Brian. I mean, just from what I'm looking at, and this is, right? Uh, Virginia Highlands, that area is really hot. It's a great area. uh growing. Um so I've been looking in this area for a while. Is it this is this is Atlanta? Yes, sir. Okay. Yeah. So, you see what I'm noticing about this, which is cool. Um first of all, the style of the building. Beautiful brick. You got um uh sh sloped roofs. You have rain gutters. Um older windows, which is easy to replace if you wanted. See how, and I'm just looking at this thing from afar, but look how everything slopes away from the property, right, for water and rain and issues. It has rain gutters on there. Everything's pitched. Uh, you can make this thing look absolutely killer. Like, just sprucing it up from the exterior. Doesn't need a ton. Um, and they're all located similar regions, so they've done a nice job. Um, this is cool. Anybody in the East Coast, if you guys want to team up on this thing collectively, 48 units, whether you take them all down or you take them down independently. But this is interesting if the numbers pencil, but they've done a nice job. It's clean. Um, it's in a residential neighborhood, so you're surrounded by other residential and you're parked in between it. Uh, does it it I'm it doesn't look like it has AC. It looks like it has AC window units. Is that correct? Correct. their window units. Yep. Do there I don't see any um venting. Is there heat in the floors or heat in the walls or is it a heat in the ceiling? Heat in the wall. No central. Okay. So, you have wall heaters and then you would use window units. Um which is not a It actually doesn't even look like they're window units. Looks like they're they have them stuck in the walls. They've actually plumbed them in, right? Plumbed them in. So, you may want to just make them better, a little more powerful, uh and change change those out, right? cuz it they're already here. You just plum in new ones that are a little bit nicer and and newer. Um but I I love how it's got the wood floors. That's cool. Um you could refinish these things and they'd be sick. It has the old aluminum windows, so you could retrofit these windows very easily. Would help you a ton. Uh and just retrofit with vinyl. Um could do that very easily. And then your bathrooms are basic. So I wouldn't even chip out all this tile. I would come in here and just refinish it. They would put a nice glaze and a refinish on it. And then they would refinish and reglaze your your tubs. Then I would change out all your flooring. That I would do. And then I would change these out with a nice little vanity sink, new toilets, um, you know, maybe replace some of your plumbing angle stops, new LED lights, and all that stuff in here. That's all pretty basic stuff. Yeah, you got your wall units there. Uh, and I was going to I was going to add in this is these are onebedroom, one baths, and I was going to do in room u washer dryer. Um, okay. So, just look at that. So, and that's fine. Uh, you want to see is there a closet? Is there an area near the kitchen ideally or near the bathroom? So, it's going to have to be one of the two so you're not having to rip through 400 lb of walls. So, you want it adjacent to the kitchen or adjacent to a bathroom where there's a closet or you can actually frame a closet in for a stackable washer dryer. And then if you're going to do that, typically those things are about 32 in wide is 30 to 32 inches wide. 28 to 32. 28 to 32 inches wide. You're going to want to make the closet probably 40 inches wide. You need extra room for maintenance, right? This is a m and once again, this is from somebody that made a mistake. Okay, we started framing these things just wide enough to fit the things in there. Well, that's great until you have to go do maintenance on them and you're like, we got to pull all these things out to go do maintenance on them, right? Or whatever it is and it becomes a show. So, make them a little bit wider so Mr. maintenance home skillet guy can get in there and get behind him. Make sense? Yeah. Yeah. A little bit bigger than this is like just from me making a mistake. I'm telling you, don't do it. Yeah. But yeah, these are great. The little back stools. You could do some very cool things with these. I like how I have the overhangs here, rain gutters, nice fascia offets. It's brick facades. You can do some really beautiful. I mean, you could come in here with an awesome colonial look. that would really stand out in the neighborhood where you did a white white black red theme white black red theme where you had red doors white brick with black trim and it would look colonial it'd be actually be beautiful for the neighborhood just FYI um but anyhow so this is the OM so everybody understands like a little marketing piece and then um Rory because you're talking about you know uh financials and stuff these are comparable sold properties. Let's see where they get to the financials. If they give anything to you here, which they should. I don't know why. Did they not give you financials? I don't know if they gave it in the OEM. You can like request the whole suite of docs. They give you the rent roll. Gotcha. Okay. So, yeah, it'd be nice to see too with the rent roll, uh, if they give you, uh, what's called a like a summary, like a box score, and all that does is just show, you know, all the unit types, onebedroom, two-bedroom, threebedroom, right? Square footages, rents they're currently getting, and maybe future rents. So, it's just kind of like a little box score they call it. Um, or you can go through all the rent roll. That's option A. Um, but it's a little easier if they give you a summary, like it's called a summary box score. And they would usually have that in your OM usually. Uh but they're showing you this, right? They're showing you unit mix for the different properties, right? These different properties, they're showing you this stuff. Um but if they don't, then you would just get the information. Um it is show it's showing you the addresses and stuff. So it's giving you a summary. Um yeah. So you would show I would just want to know. Yeah, it should be able to give you like summary square footages. You you have the bedroom bath count stuff. So you can pull that from it. You have eight units. Yeah. Right. The square foot on these are like 650 630. Yeah. Which is pretty standard for a onebedroom like that. But yeah, you want you know normally they'll produce the information a little bit better. They're showing you the average rents which is fine. And they're showing you other income for water and stuff. So you can kind of extract the information out, you know, because if it's 10 units, they're getting 60 bucks for water, but I'd love to see kind of their T12, their financials, and then the rep roll. Then you can extract the information from that. So, um, Rory kind of coming in here, and this is on that one property on Greenwood. So, this is one of the properties in that portfolio. You can see what he did is he came in here and he he took out the 10 units. You took out the current average monthly rents they're getting. Is there are they not getting any rent for these, Brian? Yeah, those were um currently vacant, I believe. Oh, currently vacant. Gotcha. But if they were I mean I know that that's the But what if they were full it would be like that? Correct. We'll just use that. Yeah. Yeah. Because all I'm trying to do is compare current. Like if I got them rented, this this was fully occupied. This is gross potential rent if it were fully occupied. And then we're going to move it to here. So, this is what I think it can become either now or or basically the day after I close or at some point in the future. This is where I think I can get rents at least within the first year or so. And that's what that would happen there. And then all you're doing is like you said, 650 ft, all onebedroom, one baths. And here's your current rents. Here's the square footages. You'll actually want to um Oh, I see what you did here. Gotcha. Yeah. So, what you could do is you would actually just do that. Um and since they're all technically the same, just so you know, if you had a box score or a summary, Brian, you actually would you wouldn't even need any of this stuff. Okay. I would just come in here 1225 as an average. Like if they were telling you the average rents right now are are one or $1,225, right? Yeah. Then I would just do that and then I could change this to 10 units. Right? You see how I just changed all these numbers. Oh, cool. Right. Okay. That's if you had like a a summary box score if they were all the same. But let's say I had, you know, five units were onebedrooms and five units were two bedrooms. So I would do a two plus two and this was getting, I don't know, 1450 per month and this was an 850 foot unit and we were going to bump it up to$1825. I don't know. I'm just put pulling out some numbers. But you see the point now I still have the same 10 units, but it has a different unit mix, right? And now my income is different. It's just ideally you want to just do it based on a summary of units. You don't necessarily need to put in every single unit. You would you could do it based on summary for averages. For averages, got in terms of the deal analyzer. So that way you're not I mean if it's a 20 unit building, right? You're not putting in every single unit. You can just go by type and summarize it. Make sense? Yes. Okay. Um, I know we just have a couple minutes here. Uh, Ahmad, I don't know why you can't see the screen. Can everybody else see the screen? I can see. Okay. Yeah. So, Rose, uh, we talked about recommending units, pedum units. What's been your experience? Studios. You know, this has actually been a learning experience for me too, Rose, because yes, generally speaking, you would like to have more two-bedroom units than onebedrooms or studios in your apartment complex, generally speaking. However, every market's going to be different, and you're going to see that when you start researching it. And honestly, what you may want to do, and once again, you could use either our AI that's built into the back of our system, or go straight over to chat GPT, and say, "Hey, here's the address of my property. Here's the current unit mix. Um, give me a summary of the types of units in this market and what tends to rent best." literally ask it that question based on your property, your unit mix, and the area. It's going to take the address. It's going to do an analysis of that market because it has a bunch of data and it's going to say, "Hey, based on this market, what we're seeing, one bedrooms tend to be the better than the twos and that's going to kind of let you know. You can do an enormous amount of market research using chat GPT." Now, now what we're doing because it's we're taking all that, we're plugging it into our system. So that way pretty much from your phone or backend you're going to be able to do this right in the back end of multifamily school in your portal or from your app right on your phone. So because we think about that for a minute if I can make that app a a one-stop shop for you to where you can communicate with other people you can raise capital through it network find deals ask chat GPT which is essentially RAI anything multifamily. You could be driving around a neighborhood and want to ask it a question and you have it right there in your phone on a native app. So, we're building it in and it's going to be me responding to you like in my voice literally. So, that way you'll have this like I mean that's what we're trying it's we're building it's already in motion. It's just a timing issue. Um, hey Justin ask you a couple questions on on this one. Yeah. Okay. So I one one question is I've already submitted an LOI on a very similar property 777 Greenwood Avenue. It's close by. It's a 10 unit. I've submitted an LOI. So the LOI I got from your template. And I don't know if this is allowed, but I kind of shot from the hip. And uh I put all my numbers in, my addresses and my letterhead and all that stuff, but I used like the the bank name and all that, the source of the funds. I just kept in there because I haven't talked to a bank yet or anything. Well, that fine. Yeah, that's fine. And then what I would do is go ahead and reach out to the lenders uh in the back end of the system and you know give them the data on the property and say hey I'm looking for just a basic lender letter. I understand it's going to be based on you know you underwriting the deal contingent upon XYZ but I'm obviously writing an LOI on it. I want to get that underway you know and I want to build a relationship with you guys and talk toers right there in the back end. um under uh under submit submit deal for review for lenders, right? Yep. Submit for lending. If you click on that, you're going to see the three lenders in there um that you can submit to and talk to. And that's just a a good initial point. Yep. And then my next question is, okay, so I am going to submit an LOI for this deal. Um is it okay that I have two LOIs out like that? Oh yeah, 100%. Because I mean, this is where kind of keep in mind the LOI when you submit it, it's it's worthless, right? I don't want you to get attached to it thinking it's somehow legally binding or oh my gosh, I have 15 of these out. You're probably going to have to have 15 of them out to land one. It's possible. And you can have them all out at the same time. We've had 30 35 out at a certain time. I mean, we just spit them out like rapid fire, right? Because all you're doing with it is just creating conversation. You're saying, "Hey, we're interested. We're interested. Let's start talking, right? And usually if that LOI goes out and it's drastically different than the asking price or whisper price or requested price by the broker, then you want to, you know, send it, but also then shoot a little text or phone call to the broker saying, "Hey, I just shot you an LOI. It's, you know, below what you're asking. you know, let's have discussions, right? You know, I'm not trying to lowball you guys, but I am trying to I know what the numbers are and I want to walk through it so that way it's respect. It's respectful and they don't get it and go, "Oh, you know, f this guy or f this person." Right? So, you follow up with some uh context as to, you know, why it is and say, "Hey, listen. It's going to be lower. You're going to see it. It's lower than what you're looking for, but let's start the conversation. See what we can do." Yep. And uh and with this particular deal, uh he tried to list one property individually. It was way overpriced. So now he's kind of grouped several of them. And they're asking I think 8.5 for the five buildings, 48 units. And yeah, based with from your sheet and the numbers that worked asking like looking for somewhere in the ballpark of 13 to 15% in tonal rate of return. Yeah. So kind of looking at this one real quick on 8.90 Greenwood, right? be backed into this 111 number the team did with you. We also increased the interest rate because your loan amount being under a million dollars and it's going to be a local commercial bank that's going to finance this thing. Okay. Yeah. And I I'd love to know who their current lender is. So that's another question you can ask, you know, to the broker saying, "Hey, who is who's the current lender on the property? Would they like is it assumable or would they like to get a new loan on it?" Right? Because that'd be great. Okay. You're already financing it. Why would they not finance it again? even if they get a better rate and my gut tells me that the rate is going to be somewhere around 7% right now for that small of an asset. Now the good news is if you bought them all together you would be able to portfolioize that and probably get a better loan or even if you didn't do all of them you did two of them right? You did two of them then you may be able to get a better term in here and get this thing down to probably like 6.25% or somewhere in there. You'd have a larger loan amount. you'd have two properties and maybe it's 20 units type thing. So, that's another way to look that you want to find out, hey, who's the current lenders on these properties? Talk to the broker, ask them, you know, who's the current lender because, you know, I'm trying to make this thing pencil. Maybe that lender would like to finance and I'd like to get some quotes. I'd like to get some quotes from the lender on where their rates are at right now on something like this because I'm quoting at least 6 and a half to 7% on my rate right now, Mr. Broker. And based on that interest rate and the current financials, I can't pay you a million 250 for this one. I can't pay you a million2 for this one. I can pay you a million1 million150. Right? And then they're going to say, "Oh, well, well, because another thing you want to consider too is true numbers." And that's why they highlighted these because your management fee, yes, it may be 5% or 6% technically, like your headline number, but you need to account for leasing and lease up. So, another 2% on that. Your effective rate's really going to be closer to 8%. Okay. And then expense ratios, I'd be a little surprised if it's that low for a 1960 building based on what I'm seeing in the photos as well. My gut tells me you're going to be somewhere between 45 to 48%. I could be wrong, but I'd love to really dig into these numbers. in your I think your your your main ones that are going to change that are going to be right here. These are your big numbers. So, yeah, for them I I I put in the taxes. Um I don't think they put very good numbers for the taxes. Uh so I used another property that uh that was close by that I thought the taxes were more real. And then they didn't provide insurance. Uh, so that number I put in and then I think where they where it may not be accurate is the maintenance and repair. Yep. Um, so Yep. So there's a lot missing that was important. Yeah, it's just getting that info and even down here on your on your this is called economic loss. You know, I don't know if 8%'s a good number. It's not bad. It's not bad. But I would start playing around with it. I'd start seeing, hey, what does 10% look like? Right? That's what we did. That's what we did. And you just adjust that to 10 and uh in you got to adjust because up in the um where you're doing the current and proform the the units you have some different numbers adjust the numbers the IRR is going to be I think it was like 13.86 at the number that we were looking at. and um and you guys thought that was still a good number because I I try to look for like 15 or more, right? And so with this, so Rose Rose was just asking a question saying, "Hey, is there any way you can put in what threshold we need to be at?" So that way when analyzing deals, we can determine right if it's a good deal or not. So Rose, yes. So we've gone over this a bunch of times. We'll talk about some more. And I think what I'll go ahead and do is I'll have the team add in here a comment that you'll see on your new deal analyzer we'll upload. So this this number right here, your cash on cash. There's really three metrics you're looking for rows is your cash on cash, your IRRa, and then your equity multiple. Okay? And that's why we have them literally here for you to look at. Boom. Boom. Boom. And these are all in good lines. So you want your cash on cash 6 to 10%. Or more. You want your IRRa ideally 14 to 20% or more. equity multiple at 1.8x or more. If you hit those metrics, you have a good deal. If you don't hit those metrics, your deal sucks. That's it. Um, so those are the three to focus on, and that's why we have them right here. So, we'll go ahead and put in a comment. We'll add that to it as well. I'll even see if the team can add in some conditional formatting. So that way if it's a if it's good, right, if it meets within the thresholds, it'll turn this green. If it's bad, it'll turn it red and that way it'll be conditional formatting. We'll look at that for you. So I appreciate the feedback. This is great. Um, but yes, that'll answer your questions on whether it's a good deal or not. It's really those three metrics because I know that if those three metrics are in alignment, there's a lot of other metrics to look at, but if those three are in alignment, just like I just showed you, all the other ones are going to be in alignment. But it starts with those three because if those three are not in alignment, the rest of it sucks and and it will. Hey, I know I know we got to jump. I know we got to jump because we're at time, I think. But uh can I ask just one more thing about Proforma? Yeah. So in this area, it's hot. And you know, when I looked at another property, the broker was like, "Hey, there's a property over here renting out at 21,00 bucks a month." But then when I look at neighboring properties really close like next door and the it's renovated but not like tiptop renovated that's renting that's renting out at 14,500 a month and so I don't want to proform my rents at 2100 when I'm seeing rents nearby at 1415 because I'm going to compete with that. So I'm what do you Yeah. Once again that comes down to your understanding of the market. Okay. And can you actually get those rents or not? Right? And there's different reasons why you can and and you can't. So that comes down to your your boots on the ground and driving it and understanding that, hey, they're getting 2100 because they're fully renovated, little bit better neighborhood and uh they have washerd dryers in the units and they're including all utilities or whatever, right? You got to look at why that's happening because it's not just, hey, I can get it. There has to be a reason. Otherwise, you're going to look at the general for the area and say, "Hey, what are other comparable properties?" Because keep in mind, if I renovate, right, what can I get if I put in5 $10,000 a unit, can I get $200 or more in uh rent growth? So, it's it's just looking at is it is it worth is it worth doing the renovations or not? Is it worth putting in the money? And and that just comes down to really understanding in in boots on the ground. So that's why you do this highle analysis, which is great. The next step would be, hey, I need to make sure can I get those numbers. Is that true or not? And the only way you're going to know that is you're going to get your ass on the ground. Yeah. There's really no other way. So that's why when you do your three-day visit to the market, if it's in your backyard, great. If it's not fine, you you do your three-day trip and your boots on the ground and you're literally I I I take three other comps that I think are the best and I'll drive them and I'll look at it and I'll say, "How does the building look? Is it in a good location? Is it similar to ours? What are the renovations look like? I'll look at the photos. Is it better or worse and different? Why are they getting that premium where we're not? Can we actually get that if we put in 10 grand per unit?" And then that's just, you know, your little bit of boots on the ground analysis. And you're only going to need to do that a couple times in this market for now. You to like pick it up immediately and you'll know, oh yeah, that's $14.95 based on what we did on our other property and what these other ones in this neighborhood was doing. Your market right intelligence is going to go up drastically. Um, and it only takes a couple times of doing that before now you know it like the back of your hand. And that once again, that's just part of this process of becoming uh an expert in doing it. uh in learning the first couple times you do it. Thank you so much, Justin. It's so valuable what you share and what you do and all that you're offering. Uh it's unique, man, and it's very special. Thank you so much. Yeah, you bet, man. Let's make it happen. All right, everybody. I know we're over time. Um but yeah, this will be recorded and put up into your portal. We will make the adjustments to the deal analyzer, so we'll have some comments in there and see if we can do some conditional formatting for you, make it a little easier to track and look at the deals. So, I appreciate that that feedback. Um, yeah, and Adrian will look at that as the strategic partners. Uh, yes, you can, by the way. It would just need to be consultants, third party people. You couldn't use like Rudy Medina and those guys. I would have to get their their approval on that. Um, but the other like accountants, you know, bookkeepers, construction, all that. Yes. legal. Yes, you can pull those people and have them on your website as your partners, either legal accounting partners or strategic partners. So, you can list them out just like we have on our website. So, it gives you more clout. Yes. So, awesome. Everybody be respectful of everybody's time. Thanks for jumping on. We'll get this up into your portal. We'll make some adjustments here and rock and roll. and we'll have uh details on um the challenge that we're going to put together for all of you and do some one-on- ones. So, take care.