Hello. Hello. Hello. Come on in. Got that. We got that. Happy Tuesday to everybody. Allan, how are you? Hi. Pretty good. Good. Cristiano, good to see you. Joe, Michaela's in here. Hi. All the exciting folks and Rose is coming in right now. So, perfect. How's everybody's days going so far? Anything exciting? Let's talk about some wins or losses. We, you know, got to talk about losses, too. I was uh on a phone call earlier. Um, did I take any? Maybe I took some photos of it. I think I did. I probably share though. I don't know how many billionaires you guys have met in your lives. Has anybody met a billionaire before? Just curious. No, not me. Um, see if I got that in. I think we do. I'll have to be tackle because he's one of our partners on one of our deals. Let me share this with you. And no, you cannot take screenshots. He's a very, very private person. He's like one of the most private billionaires you'll ever meet in your life. Okay. Um, so this is Willie Yad and this is his CFO and we were on our partnership call um this morning going over one of our deals and long story short of it, he was sharing some losses, right? Wins or losses. we talking about wins or losses and stuff that he's seeing in the market and he's being patient because he does uh I mean they're buying stuff still and active but managing a lot of their portfolio and he owns probably somewhere between 6 to 10,000 units um and you know mostly throughout the western US San Diego and some other places but long story short he's one of the large investors on one of our deals So, we were on the call with him today and um it's just it's just very interesting to see how that mind works because his net worth is over a billion bucks, right? So, it's it's just a different it's just a whole different crazy ball game. Um but I only show you this to like it's like self motivation because you get a chance to chat with people like this and be around them. Um but he's sharing some you know he uh it's it's interesting to see his viewpoint on the economy on uh the markets and where he sees things. Um there's a lot of unknown as we know. Um he's you also chats about you know kind of things we're seeing with the the whole tariff game and what's going on and the play through that. Uh he's definitely thinking people need to be buying other assets outside of the fiat currency dollar, which I've been saying for some time. So um you know, and I say this to everybody here on here, no one here, if take your current expenses, whatever those are, whatever your burn rate is on your expenses, nobody should have more than six months of cash sitting in a bank account. um period. So whatever your expenses are, six months of that should be kept in a bank account. Everything else needs to go into assets that are outside of the fiat currency, meaning like US dollar, and put it into crypto, put it into c uh um bullion, which is gold, metals, put it into um uh what are the commodities like tangible assets, real estate, tangible assets, things that can trade into uh other currencies, other stuff. So that way it's not sitting in a fiat currency. And you know, the reason why he's stating a lot of this is mainly because eventually the US dollars, we know it's going to be gone. It it's just a matter of time. Most world reserve currencies last 40 to 50 years on average. Okay? Most world reserve currencies last 40 to 50 years. The US, 1971, is when Nixon took us off the gold standard. Ever since then, we've been basically a paper currency. And that's fine. That's fine so long as you're the world reserve currency. But there's threats to that. And so what that means, there's a potential currency crisis down the road. What does that mean for all of us? Nothing. There's been many currency crises throughout history, but you better be in assets outside of that currency as well. So that way everything's not stuck. Um, so that's just food for thought for everybody here. uh you know in this is whatever your current expenses are awesome six months of cash that's it everything else goes into out and you just make sure it's always sitting around six months everything else in other assets does that make sense yes does anybody have an opinion on that what if you're older and you're getting towards retirement do you still recommend that 100% because even if it's sitting Honestly, dude, even if it's sitting Rory in US stable coin, okay, which is a digital coin, right? US stable coin and it mimics the US dollar, right? It's a digital asset, but it's an asset, but it's just like the dollar, but it's not trading every day. It's not sitting in Bitcoin. It's sitting in a US stable coin because it it's it's not it's not like this. It's like this, right? but it's out of the US dollar as you know it. And then you can literally move it. So, I don't know if you guys have um to give you how it works. I know we're off topic, but you know, this thing won't even show this. Okay, so this is my Coinbase card, right? Coinbase. So all my crypto is on can trade from this. I can go into Trader Joe's today and use it. It's just like dollars, but it pulls from my crypto account. So the same thing, everybody here can have that. You go and you set up your Coinbase if you already have it. Great. If you don't, get one. And uh you can get a Coinbase card that's attached to your Visa. It'll do the um the currency exchange, no different than if you were in another country. It does a currency exchange and then you can buy products and goods and services from that. So it's it's out of the US dollar. It's not it's not a US dollar. It's US stable coin, but it it transacts it. So that's what I'm saying on that. Does that make sense? Yeah. So So even What about a high yield savings account? Even that's still the American dollar. That's American dollars. Yeah. Yeah. And it's not that you don't have American dollars. I'm just saying six months worth. Six months worth. You have a burn rate and a run rate. Uh and then everything outside of that should be in other asset classes. You know, this is literally why I don't telling you this like we buy like physical gold, right? Not like gold bars, like gold coins. And we stick them in a safe like physical, not like an ETF, which is like a fund gold, like physical gold in a safe next to a gun, right? So, I mean, if you want to come try and steal it, it's not at my house, don't worry. But yeah, we keep it in physical boolean, right? And some metals and other things. So, you just have stuff outside of the fiat. Um because, you know, it's just the days are numbered on it. And this is why you're seeing at least the current administration push so hard into the cryptos and using those heavily and pushing those heavily because they know that unfortunately and I don't care if it's right, left, up, down, purple, green, doesn't matter to me. The ship is far too out to sea. It's filling up with water. They can't turn it around. It's not coming back. Okay? When you have $33 trillion in debt and a2 trillion plus dollar deficit, party's over, right? They know it. everybody that has two cents of knows it. And so they're riding out the train until they realize that eventually you'll have a currency change. It's just the way it works. And so we're nearing that point. I don't know if it's this year, 5 years from now, but it's coming. And so that's what, you know, you need to move into other asset classes. And so that's why this coin stuff and the digital stuff and other asset classes are so critically important um and just keeping a certain amount in your fiat. So, not to scare everybody, but just to know, don't be surprised if you were sitting here on June 3rd and you had a conversation, you're like, "Holy he kind of warned us, right? You plenty of runway." Plenty of runway, but just keep that in mind, right? Whatever your current expenses are, don't exceed any more than six months in a bank account. Everything else moves outside. So, awesome. Um, any other wins or losses that anybody wants to talk about here real quick? Rose, I hear you. You got There you go. Hey, sorry. It's not so much a I don't know if it's a win. I guess it is a win as far as connections. So, um I went to I call it Indie now apparently. Um I went to Indianapolis last weekend. Awesome. and and I met with two brokers and um I really had a good experience with these two brokers. Um they both have 25 years of experience in the market and one of the things that one of the thing that they said was a lot of the off-market deals on multifamily get snatched by the locals. Okay. I said, "Oh, okay." Well, then you know what you say, Rose? You say, "I'm a local now." I know. So, that's why I'm calling it Indie. Apparently, it's called Indie if you're a local. Um, so it started off as he showed me two properties um that are worth uh altogether 5 million. Um they're both about 30 unit each. and we visited the um the property and um towards the end of the tour um you know he got a little bit uh he was asking some type you know some uh personal questions as far as like you know who what I'm about and I think it was it was really you know at first I was kind of taken back like I don't really like to share too much of my personal information but then I was like okay this is part of connecting. So I shared my my story and he shared his story and he sent me the most loveliest email, you know, like, "Oh, next time you come in here, bring your kids. My wife and I would love to take you around town." Um, it just it just I mean, Indianapolis, I didn't have any high I didn't have any expectation whatsoever. I didn't I was so busy, I didn't even look it up. I just like literally booked a flight and booked the accommodation and car rental and then as soon as I get there that's when I started looking into things. Um and it really surprised me there there there's so much um work that got done in there. They really gentrified a lot of the areas. Um and um so after that meeting he then like was like he said there are two other investors looking into this but you can tell that he really wants me to um to really go after it. He said, "I'm going to give you the original LOI that the owner right now gave me when I sold it to him five years ago. Um, so if you just want to copy and paste and put whatever other things you want to put in there, um, once you submit your LOI, then I'll give you the most current financial documents." And I said, "Oh, that would be amazing." Okay. So, I sent you the two. Yeah, I sent you the two. Yeah. Like, you know, the uh profit and loss, the rent roll, cuz the one he gave me, which I provided you was 2024. So, I said, I kind of need something more current. And and that's when he said, if you send me your LOI, I'll send you the most current one. And then he also said to me verbally that he can get me 15 to 20% off of the of of what is the asking price. Okay. Um the owner is more the o the the owner are actually um uh works for the Pentagon and um they have a new business venture that they want to pursue and so they have to liquidate to pursue that and um so they care about who this property is going to. So, um, you can tell he really wants me to go after it, but it's I'm trying to get over that hump of like, holy moly, it's $5 million, you know, like I've never Oh, this is not the one for 3.8. Well, it's two properties. both properties and like five minutes away from each other. So, um, and it's really wellkept. He's got a really tight security. Like the owner was very handson. He's got cameras everywhere. And um, and he even showed me the um the camera room where you can see everything remotely. Um, pretty much there's nothing that happens. So, let me I'm going to do something real quick. Yeah, let me pull this up and share this. So, we'll kind of walk through a couple questions I have because I just want to repull this one up for you. Um, I think it's this one here. That this is which one's showing right now? You got two up. I want to show Yeah, I can see both. I can see all your screen. Yeah, this is the one I wanted. There we go. Uh, so this is the $3.8 million one, right? So, yes. So, to kind of walk through the process you just went through, and this is for everybody here who's kind of in that process of finding uh analyzing, writing offers, right? Because that's kind of in the process you're in, right? You went out to Indianapolis, you know, away from your hometown. You're doing out of state investing. You took the first steps which was to find a few deals online, go out there, meet with some brokers, tour the properties, get some information, tour the areas, get some information, meet the brokers. Uh did you ask them about PM companies at all? Yes, there is actually a PM company. Um I they contacted me and they want to do like a team's meeting with me. Okay. So then you want to get probably one or two more. So, I would talk to your broker friend that's super nice to you and say, "Hey, do you have a couple other PM companies that you can refer me to to interview?" Okay. And then also ask him a couple other things. Do you have a couple uh local commercial lenders, commercial banks that you can refer to? He gave me a couple of commercial lender banks. Yeah. You want to get their contact information. Then you're also going to ask them, "Hey, Mr. Broker, do you have a couple renovation construction companies that work with your clients on these types of properties?" You're going to ask that same question of the property manager. Okay? So, this is how you're going to get your little team in Indianapolis set up. So, now you have your brokers, you got your companies, you have renovation construction crews, and you have a couple local CMBBS, commercial mortgage back security lenders local in the market because we provide you the lenders that will do anything nationwide, but it's also nice to have local lenders, local banks, okay? Because they tend to give you a little bit better deals. So looking at your thing here because that's how you're that's your next steps, right? And you can write all the LOIs you want and that's great. You should but you know get the financials at least the one stuff you have. So this is that one on 11 I think it's 11th Street. Okay. So let me walk through this in my mind how I'm going just look at some basic fundamentals here. So 1962 property 33 units 3.8 million bucks. You got 35% going in as down payment. Uh cost per net square footage. It's cuz you probably don't have this in here. Let's do 1.4 acres. Does anybody know what an acre is? It's 43560 by the way. 43560 times 1.4. So you have a 60,984 square foot lot cost per this and then down here. So are these all the same? What's the what's the month? So, I couldn't cuz he didn't he didn't give me a rent roll yet cuz he needed my So, he just gave me um Yeah. So, dude, we need rent in news. Yeah. You need to call this guy and you say, "Listen, you know, I don't want to call him a dumbass. Listen, sir. I need the financials so I can underwrite this deal and give you a proper LOI on the financials. So, send me over the rent roll, the T12, and then I'll get you an LOI. Otherwise, thank you so much. have a great day because he's he's you around. Okay, that's not how you run business. He knows that. If he's a good broker, he has those that information. He can share it. If he's full of crap, then he doesn't. So, you need to have that conversation. Send, please send me over the T12 in the rent roll and I'll go ahead and analyze and get you an LOI based off the financials. And that's how that deal is going down. What do you think they would rent for? I mean, you can get like the random Are they Are they all the same unit type? Are they all onebs or are they two bedrooms? Are they a mix? Uh God, I'm trying to remember now. I know. One is all studio and then the other one is a mixture of two bedroom and and three bedroom. Yeah. Yeah. So, let's let's just walk into let's walk into this for some fun. We'll just play with some makeshift numbers here. So, let's say a studio is a thousand bucks, right? For simple math. I don't know why that's there. So, that should be that times that. And these are studios. I mean, he did give me a P&amp;L um for 2024 and he gave me a total of what the rent income is, gross rent the year. Yeah. He needs to give you a rent roll or a unit mix. I mean, that's basic financials. That's not giving me deep financials. That's basic stuff. And let's say it's an 800. Let's say it's a 600 foot studio, hypothetically, and you're going to bump the rent up to 1,200 bucks. I'm just running some simple math. Uh, these are the expenses you have in here. Uh, just that's probably not too far off. Um, I'd probably use 8% there. Marketing, you're going to have a lot more than that. You're going to have probably about 500 bucks a month, maybe 200 bucks a month. Let's do $2,400. Your marketing contract services. This is probably 5,000 bucks. Utilities, probably not too far off. That's a bit much there, but you're probably at 40,000. Uh 35, that's more in line. Probably somewhere in there. Maybe 5,000 there. Uh Justin, what is that turnover Justin of 5,000 relative to down in the left hand corner the credit loss vacancy 23,000 and change? Yeah. So turnover is for the actual cost to turn units over and make them ready for rent. Like the physical cost of turnover, painting, carpet, apply, whatever you got to do to the units to turn them over. Um what's that again? Another term for it is unit turn. Yeah. Or make ready they call it or make Yeah. Make ready. Oh. Per year. Um and then you know down here credit loss. This is And you want to use probably 10% down here. Okay. Uh it's probably decent interest rate up here. It's probably not too far off. Um DCR there. Yeah. So let's call it 40 42%. It's probably not too crazy. You're probably going to be a little bit higher than that, but we'll leave it at that for now. Um, just have to double check taxes and all that stuff. Um, 10% there. So, you know, it's not too crazy, but I once again, I don't know if you're getting these rents. I don't know what the rents are there. Did he say anything about the rental income that he was getting? Uh, yeah. He gave us the um the the yearly rent income was 187,000. 187,000. Yeah. Like he provided me how much rent was for last year. It was 187,000. And then they also own Yeah. for the year. Okay. And then he also have a coin up like they own all the um machines in there. So that was the additional income that they receive. Um and then they also um receive parking spot rental fee and then pet fee. And then he already gave me some ideas. Theories are huge. Are these the are these the true expenses or not? The one the one that you had before you changed it. Those were the true expenses for 2024. Okay. Yeah, we need to get real numbers from the guy. Um, so you need to send over the the financials and stuff. You just have the deal analyzer, but I'm going to run it at a 50% expense ratio. So, I'm going to say that you're at um let's say 70 80. Let's go at 85,000. Uh 80,000. It's 58. It's still too high. What is this based off of? Should be off of Oh, because it's total. That's why because I have these in there, too. That's why I was like, huh. Okay. So, right about there. I'm just I'm just backing right into the numbers almost. So, even at a 50% expense ratio, okay, with all these other numbers being equal, knowing that you said he had 187,000 in gross income. Yeah. And then I think it was I'm trying to remember. I think it was like I have to pull it up. 11,000 for um the laundry like total for the year. I think seems seems it's got to be it seems a little bit rich but that's you know we we just for for their sake we'll do it this way. So I'm adding in the other income. I have concessions and vacancy loss. So this is take into account physical vacancy loss to lease which is the difference between market rent and actual rents. uh concessions I may have to give or may not delinquency and bad credit, right? People don't pay rent. It could happen. You have to account for it. So in that market in Indianapolis, 10% is a fair uh fair percentage. Fair percentage. So based on this, the deal implodes. Okay, the deal implodes. So what we need to do is back in to where it does make sense. So it's not worth 3.8 million. I don't know what they paid for it, but it's not worth that. Um, this is presuming 35% down, 6 and a half% interest rate. So, let's keep moving this number. You can just do um data what if analysis and then it'll give you the number. Yeah, it'll kind of back into it. That's true. You mean change this formula? Yeah. What would you make it as? You're saying you go to data at the top and then what if analysis? Yeah. See, oh yeah, right here. Yep. Goal seek. Yep. And then you make what's D4 the cell? Set cell, which is the price to value. Um, no wait, sorry. Um, you want to set the cell to what you're looking for, like a cap rate or whatever. thing that the price is linked to. Um, or irr, whatever you're Yeah. I'd probably come down here to this one. Whoops. Okay. And then whatever value you want. Gotcha. And then you type and then by changing sell the purchase price and you change the price. And if I wanted this at would I do a um a decimal point for like a percentage? Probably. Okay. do what it does. That's cool. Well, yeah, I was just curious in the um but yeah, obviously you're not buying it for that. Um, so yeah, we really need to get into some financials because as it stands now, if if this is truly your revenue, which is why you need to back into it because that doesn't make sense. Like there's no way. I mean, the pro I mean, this is how the property does make sense, right? You're at $50,000 a unit based on these financials. On these financials, this is where the property makes sense at you. I mean, maybe you get to a million8, right? Maybe. You know, I know that that did that, but if I changed I wonder if it would do it. If I changed uh like if I did that what if um and I made that 15. Let's do goalsek set cell that to value.15 by changing that. Whoops. that one. Yeah. A million621. You know, even even to get to like normal numbers that you would even consider this deal at, this needs to be a million621. Clearly, they're not selling it for that. You're saying they're asking 3.8. For that one, they're asking 3.8, but if you purchase both property, they said they could bring it down. Okay. They could give discount. And I would respond to them by saying, "That's great. Show me the financials and let me see if it makes sense for that." I mean, this isn't like a feel-good story. So, they need to show you some actual I mean, to say that they're not going to give you financials until you write an LOI. Great. My LOI is $1. Give me the financials. That's what I'm going to write. I'm going to send over What's his name? Mr. Broker. Mark Paris. Mark, you said, "Okay, I'd say, "Hey, Mark, here's my LOI. It's $1." And like let his like head blow off, right? And then say, "Listen, give me the financials so I can give you a real LOI because like we're just, you know, beating back and forth here. I'd love to get good numbers, but I need numbers to do that." Yeah. Um, and I appreciate you helping. This is great. let's do let's do some work together and I'd love to buy some properties but you know I need to see some financial I need to see the rent roll and then I I understand he gave you a P&amp;L statement for the 2024 but you need to see the rent roll um for what it is because I mean yeah and then uh yeah yeah and you could start with that and then yeah you would just want to be we would look at it at that point um because you need at least base it off somewhere. But I can tell you at least based on this, if his revenue is up here, you said it was like 187 and change. That's current. Well, just if I kind of back into the numbers, like if I if I know my topline revenues 187 or 188, and then I got to build in, you know, some other stuff into it to where my net operating income after a normal expense ratio. By the way, this would be very common for a property of that age, right? You're in a You're a 1962 property in the Midwest, upper Midwest. You're going to have snow. You're going to have this. You're going to have that. I guarantee you're going to be right around 50 55% expense ratio. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt at 46. So, just backing into the numbers, just pure numbers, I can't even get to a deal that makes even close to sense unless that property is a million621, right? So, yeah. We're clearly a lot pretty far off. Um yeah, now even if I change this interest rate to 6%. Right. Even then, um you know, maybe I can, you know, pull it off a little bit more. I don't know. I can maybe go to a million7. Okay. Maybe the NOI is 188, not the revenue, right? And that's what we need to find out. There's no way they're asking three million for that. Correct. Yeah, I agree with that. And that's why we need to find that out through some some better financials to help you out so you can evaluate it, Rose. Okay, I will. Yeah, very it's cool. Yeah, I mean Indianapolis is great and if he's a good broker that's willing to help you out, we just need all, you know, give proper information so that way you can do what you need to do to help him to help them. Yeah. And then the second broker, his model is a little different. He actually builds like duplexes um all around and he took me for um you know like it was threehour tour you know I thought it was I I walked in there looking for an Alec and then some old guy came out and I thought he worked for Alec and then later realized he's the owner and Alec is his son. Oh, gotcha. Okay. It's a small. So he had actually a lot of experience in the area and um just um I think there was a woman's um what do you call it? Old jail facility in the middle of the city that they closed down a long time ago. And he said he's trying to see and trying to see if he could purchase that. And then I told him just don't forget to include me when you start, you know, wanting to get some investors in for that. Um, so he said he'll put me on the list of investors for big projects. So, uh, yeah. Well, I'm glad you went to started started that process. It's a it's an important process. Uh, Cristiano, I know you had a question. Yes. is like a more of a general question, but it's connected to this situation. I noticed myself on cracky that there are quite a few properties that don't show um the rent role or financial upfront and I was wondering if that's a voluntary strategy from the broker to get a potential buyer reach out and get the conversation going and you in. And so you find yourself like analyzing and ended up potentially a deal if it's something voluntary because I notice it's uh yeah I mean they can use it as a yeah they can use it as a lure that's fine but in order for me to give you an offer of course I have to have some level of financials to back into a number to give you an offer of course right so I my saying is always like hey I'm giving you a call are chatting and that's great. Awesome. I'm interested in the property. You I mean I know you're asking X amount and that's cute, but can you send me over a rent roll and a T12 so I can analyze this thing and I can get you an LOI based on that and then because you're just using it as a rapport building, right? Especially if it's an onmarket Crexy or Loopnet type deal. It's simply a rapport building because in most cases they don't make any sense, right? But that's but you're using it to build rapport no different than Rose is. And that's the whole point behind it because eventually you'll get to the deals that do make sense. You'll get to the ones Yeah, it was Yeah, I wanted like a confirmation. It's probably a strategy. And then I have another quick question in like do you always tend to ask for seller financing to a blogger or there are like just specific instances in which you try to go for seller financing and what should be the spread between market rate and what a seller should be offering you? Yeah. So, I always I'll always ask the question, you know, when I'm if we're getting to the that point of, oh gosh, you know, the thing may go and we may get it. Uh I I never really ask it really as much upfront. Um unless they were kind of they made it aware to me that the seller would consider that. I would always ask it a little bit later into the process so it wouldn't deter them from maybe working with me if I like the deal. Um I would go into it always with with normal new financing. But yeah, if there's an indication, I'll ask the broker, hey, is the seller considering staying in the deal? Would they ever stay in the deal? Especially if the numbers are tight or maybe there's a big gap between what the seller wants and what you can pay, stuff like that where you can always work something into, hey, if the seller stays in the deal, then it'll save us money, save them money, they avoid taxes, they can get money return on theirs and help finance this thing, then it helps us. And so, you could work that out. in terms of what they get paid. Typically, it's going to need to be at or around a market, right? At or around a market price because once again, it's still a financial game, right? These things have to cash flow and they have to work. So, you're just backing into numbers. Um, it's different than a home, right? If you're buying a personal residence and the seller were financing it, price is less subject to the financials because it's your house, right? You're just moving in and so you can just base it off what you feel it's worth. So, hence the comparable approach. But yeah, there isn't a specific um margin between market and that it typically is market if you're going to give them uh an interest rate on their on their money or if they're going to stay in as equity versus a loan. Um if they're going to be equity, meaning they're you got a loan and then you have them, they're typically going to get a higher return than if they were just the first loan on the property. Does that make sense? Yes. Yeah. Thank you. So, um, Christine, then Bruce and Roy. All right. Um, I'm in Ohio right now in Columbus, so doing my first meeting with brokers. This is my test run to get the kinks out. Um, so I have a bunch of appointments lined up. I'm curious if you have any advice about how to dress. Just dress casual. I brought a fancy purse. I don't know. Um, I used to work in sales and they always told us to dress nice and get our nails done and stuff like that, but I don't know if it matters. I mean, not really. I should tell you like roll up in a big American flag outfit or something. I don't know. Um, no. I mean, professional, right? Uh, you know, because most investors, I mean, you're not going to an office. So, I mean, the brokers will will dress business casual. This time of year, it's warm or starting to warm up. So, you know, you'll see them in just short sleeve shirts or whatever and slacks. Um, depending on the type of broker. Once again, depends on where they're at in in their um you know, in their broker status, but I mean, you could show up no difference. Sometimes I mean, in my in the industry, I used to be a lot in the realtor industry, right? You have different spectrums in terms of uh you dress and and the quality and stuff, but no, just business casual. Okay. Also, um, as far as rent roles, I've learned from my role in commercial lending that, you know, you have to verify these things. Like, do you ever ask for, you know, a stoppple letters or, you know, like maybe a cop later on, like maybe a copy of their bank statement to see that things are actually being deposited? Correct. Yeah. So, here's the good news. Yes. So, that's when you get into the due diligence portion, right? Because it's trust but verify. So you go off the information they give you to get it going. But as the close of escrow is happening, all that verification, that's the due diligence process that gets done. And part of the contracts state that as the seller, right, my representations and warranties to you as the buyer, the information I'm giving you is accurate to the best of my knowledge. So, if I am falsifying the financial documents and I know that and then the buyer finds out later, I mean, get ready to get your ass sued because it will happen, right? Yeah. So, yes, I mean, you you uh you will ask for that stuff, especially if you think it's a little fishy, right? Um, yeah, if you, you know, trust your intuition, if they're pretty forthcoming and they'll share the information pretty free flowingly and it all kind of lines up. Um, you know, and part of your due diligence is just seeing, okay, they're saying they're getting these rents, they're getting those rents. I mean, you can see things pretty quickly um through the due diligence process, through delinquencies, stuff like that. You know, the financials because the bank's going to do the same thing. By the way, you'll get lease agreements, right? Oh, yeah. Yes. You'll do lease audits. I mean, all that stuff comes over in a Google Drive to you andor they give you access to a Google Drive to review every single lease document. So, you'll want to review them and or take a nice sample size and make sure that the names on the lease documents match up the names on the rent roll, okay? Just for legality purposes. And then you just you look at the rents and the terms a little bit. You just kind of you can take a sample size of it, right? To see, okay, I took 10 of the 30 units and they all kind of match up. So, that gives me a good indication that probably decent size that the rest of them do. Or you'd be like me and I'd look at every single one, right? Um, last question. Do you have any resources similar to like an RS means book? I don't know if you're familiar with that, but um the RS means is a book that uh groundup developers use to estimate costs. It's amazing. Um, but you know, just some kind of guide like that for newbies that don't know how much to estimate for replacing roofs and things like that. It's not ground up. Uh, do you just ask the property manager or contractor for estimates or Yeah. No, you you can get bids for like big capex items like that. You would get a bid. So, in your when you're having the property inspected and you have a roofer out there or your inspector out there, they should be able to give you a roof bid for big capex items like that. Um, if you were dealing with like unit unit uh improvements and, you know, understanding generally what it would cost to renovate a complex. uh you know in if you're outside the coastal zones and we've talked about this but if you're outside the coastal zones of the US anywhere between 7 to 15,000 a unit is what you would use for uh renovating a unit and then you may add like another you know few thousand a unit for the exterior renovations like paint you know landscaping some exterior stuff so that maybe at the end of the day you're 20,000 bucks all in if if you're using 15 inside, you use five outside per unit and that gives you a general ballpark. You will refine these as you go into escrow and you actually get actual bids from the contractors. But going in the door, generally speaking, in the markets that many of you are are looking in, it's going to be somewhere between 5 to 15,000, I'm sorry, 7 to 15,000 a unit for the interior rens. And that's a light to heavy. Light to heavy. And then your exterior maybe five or so thousand exterior per unit. Okay, thank you. Obviously California much different. New York upper, you know, upper east much different. Florida much different. But the rest of the country right in there. Uh Bruce and then we'll go Roy. I was going to say I know Rory's had his hand up longer than me, but Okay. As long as you're going to get to him. So, you know, I've been looking at Huntsville and I'm leaving in 12 days. Um, I'm going to be out there for 4 days. Um, but since I've been, you know, working towards this trip, um, I' I've been doing some deeper dive research and they're in a bit of a lull out there. Are they? They are. and it's it's uh projected to last for another year and a half plus or minus. So, I've been looking at secondary markets and because I'm familiar with Alabama, um I took a hard look at Tuscaloosa and demographically it seems to work, you know, rather well. I was wondering if you have any any opinions about Tuscaloosa. I don't have any opinions about it, but I mean I like the Alabama Alabama market in general. You know, I think there's some growth and some cool things going on there. You can pick things up at good values. Um, so it's just a matter of being in a good neighborhood and as long as there is growth happening both from a job and population perspective, that's what you're looking for. Yeah, sure. And it does, I mean, demographically speaking, it you know, it meets you just don't want it going the other way, right? And so it's it's just watching that trend wise. It's one thing to have one year, but you don't want it consistent. You don't want to trend for it. So, okay. Thanks, Roy. Yeah. Uh, Bruce, I I did a lot of research in Huntsville. I was looking that as a market. I ended up advert uh going into Kansas City, but there is a I think a a big thing with them is that what I found and I talked to a bunch of property managers, there's a lot of there's a lot of inventory. So things are sitting on the market uh like for rent for a long time. That was the thing that kind of it didn't cash flow for me. So that's the one thing I did find. But it's a great area. Um but anyway, um Justin, I sent over a deal last night uh from Kansas City um in the in the Northland. I when I right after I sent it out like I found like a boatload of other information that that obviously I got to do the analysis all over again. Um but I was wondering um as far as like just um going through the T12 it it's kind of confusing and it's not in the same format as how our deal deal analyzer goes. Yep. Is it really that important at this stage to have the numbers in the correct places on the deal? No. Right. No. Not. Yeah. No. Because what you could do is take the grand totals kind of like I just did on roses. Right. Right. If I take the grand total expenses and just stick them in a cell there, make sure everything else is cleared out just to get grand number. Okay. Fine for now. Just to start playing to see, okay, it either makes sense or it doesn't. And if it doesn't, what do I need to start adjusting to make sure it does and you back into it that method? Yeah. Yeah. So, originally I talked to the broker. Um I reached out to him last week. Uh and he was a little bit kind of standoffish at first like he didn't like I called him and he didn't he didn't call back. He kind of texted me kind of asking me who I was and blah blah blah. But he's kind of warmed up over time and and he actually reached out to me today and called. So, uh, and we had a nice conversation. So, it actually worked out well. I mean, if this deal doesn't work out, then, you know, he's open to giving me some other things, too. And that's you're starting that process, right? And you're building a little bit of rapport as long as they know, hey, listen, I'm a buyer. I'm going to buy in this market. Love to buy through you. So, if you have any deals you're working on offmarket or before market, whatever it is, I'd love to take a kind of a first look at them and go from there. anybody in your office, same thing. And I can, you know, go through you, stuff like that to kind of incentivize them. So, yeah. So, so they were asking one 18 for that uh 26 unit. Um he um the the thing that is a little bit interesting. I guess the roof needs to be done. He's saying that it doesn't need to be done now, but in his like kind of his memorandum, he he puts in there like about 300 grand of re replacement cost, you know, repair work. So when I when I when I my question is when I collect like when I when I go for the raise obviously say if I'm putting 30% down on just if you know that the roof has to be replaced at a certain point in I mean that's a deferred maintenance item that you'd probably be asking for all or portion of credit for from the seller either now or in the future. Oh okay. Okay. So would I raise that money now or you know so yeah you'd raise it going in the door um presuming it needs to be done but if you're aware of that and you know that because that's a deferred maintenance item right that's not a capex item meaning it's not a value ad item right replacing the roof is not going to get you more rent it's going to just make sure your tenants stay and don't get flooded right right so it has to be done and if they're aware of it and you do an inspection and the thing's like got two more years left on it. I'm asking for a credit. We've done that all the time. Well, hey, so if he's giving you that information upfront and you putting that into the offer. Yeah. Do you Is that already I I would I mean whether I'd put it into the offer or not, but I would definitely negotiate it knowing full well I'm going to be asking for it. Right. Right. Right. Okay. It's either that or let's reduce the price. One of the two. But let's talk about it. Yeah. Yeah. So he is like I would just go in with a value first. Right. And then but I'd make it aware to the broker that, you know, we'll get it inspected, then we're probably going to ask for a credit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because they're asking 185, but then he kind of let it slip. Not slip, but he said, "Hey, you know, if you do put an LOI, you know, he's like you got to come in above 16." Sure. Cuz he's rejected, you know, so at least now he kind of gave me a number like six. It's giving you some guidance, but once again, the financials will dictate that. Right. Right. Right. Just working backwards. Right. That's why I I never get attached to what they ask. I what the property's telling me and it's got Now, now on the on the on one last question. So, on the um on I'm just working new working through that analyzer. So where it has like the current rents, you would put all the current from the rent roll now and the perform that would be after you get it like say if there's vacancies, right? Yeah. Or it could be one of two things on the perform because maybe they're under market currently and you just raise them. So that's option A. Or hey, we're going to renovate the units and by renovating them we can get X rent later. So that's kind of the future meaning, hey, I can raise it to current market or hey, I can raise it to I'm going to improve the property and therefore raise rents. And what what time frame is that perform like going like typically you would want to plan that out? I mean, in terms of time frame, you're not going to really hit those future numbers for at least a year because you have to either turn over leases, right, renovate the property. So you have to plan at least a year out. So years one or two would hit the maximum numbers. Okay. Okay, that helps. Got Michael, I know we got just a couple more minutes, so I want to be respectful and then I don't know if Angelica or anybody else want to be Leandro, I know you sent in a couple deals there, so we're reviewing those. Um, but Michael, yeah, um, how you doing? Um, sent in a deal a couple of days ago. Know her for years, so I was just wondering. It's uh I'm in the DFW area and uh yeah, I made I meet them every day. I mean like the brokers out here. Um I don't know if you've So that's the one um the regularly um square that's in for Yeah. Yeah. I see the team's actually working on it as we speak. So, but I'll bring it up so I look at it too. I see the rent roll. Um deal analyzer coming. So they they still it's been out couple of weeks now. Um yeah, he's reached out to me like last week like, "Hey, what's say you?" I'm like, you know, hold on. Um how's the how's the how's the neighborhood? Uh it's good. It's uh um I went I drove past it over the weekend. It's not bad. Uh okay. It's uh I mean, your numbers look pretty decent, man. I mean, if those if that revenue is accurate and your expenses are accurate, and I'll just show this real quick to everybody and then we'll finish up here. Yeah, I'm thinking of going down. Um, but here's here's your numbers real quick. Um, I'm just looking at this. So, 37 54 units, right? That's 68,000 a door. It's in Dallas. That's about right. 30% down, 6% interest rate. You're at a decent expense ratio. That's fair. It may be a little bit lower than that, but let's use that. And then you come down here and you have your numbers down here. And this thing's penciling beautifully. Um, yeah. What are they asking on? Are they asking 37? Uh, he came down. I think he he No, 39. But this me just I was messing with the numbers, you know. I started with 39 and uh, you know, I started messing with the numbers to make it good. Yep. No, I mean this at least from the data and the numbers if this is if all this revenue and expense stuff is accurate, right? You have to is I mean all your numbers are input well management's right, this is right, um this is good, your debt debt coverage ratios are good and then it's starting to pump out some metrics that make some sense. Um yeah. Um another thing I saw there was it it says um it's 54 units. Yep. But I see it when I pull in the number the square foot. I mean they when you see uh where you got the units it says 53. So okay. Yeah. You just double check that. But that's not drastically off. If it were 10 units off, that's different. That's a big difference. But yeah, oneoffs is not I mean, just verify that. That's an interesting deal. Looks turnkey. It looks nice. Um, you know, I mean, in terms of the analyzer, you're doing a good job, right? How you're putting in the numbers, that stuff is is pretty accurate. And that's that's what you really care about is when we look at these things and we review them with you is to make sure the numbers are being input in the right areas correctly. So that way you're pumping out the right metrics. So, you're doing a good job and that's one of the reasons I sent it over. So, you could you could look at that because these guys are, you know, they send you something the next day or two days they want to know, hey, what's going on, you know? Like, yeah, I mean, I tell them there's some interest there. We always have to figure out the financing side. Then maybe the community and stuff can look into that and combine talent on that deal because if if those numbers are accurate, that's a good deal. Yeah. Yeah. So, Mike now it came he came with 3.9, right? I'm I'm the one doing this 3.7 right now. Sure. After back into it. Yeah. Yeah. So, I would get um because I see the the guidance and all that stuff. I'll make sure the team gets that reviewed today for you. Came in the other day and we'll get that handled. Y Okay, that works. Thank you. Awesome. Everybody, I know we're a little over time here, but uh appreciate you coming in. I hope this was helpful. And then, yeah, if there's any other specific questions, email us or text us here today so we can get, you know, get those answered for you and then keep reviewing the deals. love to see everybody getting out to the markets and starting to look around and meet the brokers. I mean, that's step one. Step one is being in the markets and looking at stuff. So, I love it. And we'll get those deals analyzed if they haven't been already. We'll get those answers right back to you. So, awesome. Thanks everybody. Appreciate it. Have a good evening.