Hello. Hello. Come on in. Happy Thursday. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Hold on one second here. We'll get going. We're going to do 12 unit, 22 unit. This is Cincinnati. Cincinnati. I spelled that wrong. We'll just spell that. Cincy Charlotte. And then I think another 20 unit if I'm not mistaken. Um 20 unit. I think that's also in Cincinnati. How's everybody doing? Chime on in in the chat. Make sure everybody can you hear my audio. Okay. I want to make sure that's good to go. Um, see everybody coming on in. See Chad, we got Jaden. Good to see you, sir. Julio, Mr. Jason, awesome. Kurt, Twilight, we'll get everybody else coming in here in just a minute. We'll get going. We'll get going. Anything exciting going on? Anything exciting? I love these cameras that track. So much better. So much better. Um, and they're great because we have like our office studio and stuff and then we have the home office studio and all the above. So, but this thing like follows you around everywhere. You can't hide. Um, all right. Everybody's coming on in. Beautiful. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Okay, we'll get going. Uh, you guys can hear the audio. Uh, you hear me? Okay, great. Perfecto. Pull this down. Get out of that. Put the chat in. We should be good to go. So, yeah, we're going to go over a few deals. Uh, and then we're going to call some brokers uh here today, but I'm going to kind of walk through some deals that were sent in. Uh, also want to give a shout out to Brian uh Hoskins who just inked a was it 40 unit? Hold on one second. I'll let you know. Um, letting you know, letting you know. Um, it's a 42 unit. Standby. Standby. Um, it's the analyzer. Where's the the data? 12 month P&amp;L collection summary deal analyzer. There it is. 39 units. Excuse me. 39 units. So that's in Memphis. Uh he was talking about it the other day. It's bankowned. Um that he made a deal on it. So that's in Memphis, Tennessee. He's putting that into contract. 39 unit deal. So stoked on that one for him. So, congrats to Brian on that once he gets that into the PSA form. Um, yeah, the financials look look pretty good on it right there in Memphis, Tennessee. And he's been, you know, been hustling to to, you know, meet the brokers, build the relationships, the database, you know, been out between them there and Charlotte a decent amount. Um, and because of that relationship with the broker, the broker sent him this kind of pre-market uh, bank-owned deal, and he moved on it pretty quickly. Analyzed it, went back and forth with the bank for a few weeks, and then boom, locked and loaded. So, he just got the executed LOI from the seller yesterday. So, which I love cuz we're going to be meeting and talking cuz he, you know, started hyperventilating like a lot of people do when they're like, "Oh, oh crap." Like this is real now. It's normal. Just so you know, when that happens to you, completely normal. You go from like, "Oh crap, this was kind of real" to like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now I need to actually do it." Yes, that's correct. It's a good feeling when that fear and that excitement and that hyperventilation happens. That means you're living life. That is what this whole game is about. So, congrats. So, now now you step into the real zone of like, "Oh crap, we got to close it." So, that's where he's at. What do we do next? Uh, and we'll get through that. Um, let's make sure we're recording this and let's get into it. I'm going to share my screen. We're going to walk through a couple of these and then we're going to call some brokers. So, let's take a look at the immaculate town home. So, Chattton's looking at this one in Cincinnati and I thought this was interesting. I'm going to zoom up on it and we'll kind of walk through kind of the assumptions, some of the numbers and stuff like that. Obviously, you know, way off. She's going to write the LOI, but you can see their asking price is 2.1 and we're going to go in around5, right? Drastically off, right? Six 650 grand. Uh 16 unit deal, 40% down to kind of make this thing work. We'll kind of showcase the numbers and stuff and where they're at. uh 250 grand in renovation dollars going into it and closing costs and stuff in there. Interest rate is set. That's pretty that's fine. Nothing wrong with that. Um unit mix, current rents, square footages. So, good size units. Good size units. And then going to, you know, bump the rents. So, she's going to go from $1,450 to $1,650 on the two-bedroom one baths and then from $1,600 to $1,800 for the three-bedroom, one baths. Now, my only concern that I would bring up to her about this deal is the one baths. You want to make sure there's desiraability with that because that especially the 3-1 2-1 you can get around it, but you want to double check the desiraability. What are your comps? What are the what's the competition? You don't want that to be a deterrent. That's what's called functional obsolescence. Like in real estate terms, they'd call that functional obsolescence. Meaning there's something functionally wrong with the floor plans, right? The layout that can cause demand issues. Nobody desires it. So, you want to really look at that. Um, let's take a look at the actual property itself. So, 1277 Immaculate Lane. Immaculate Lane. Um, let me pull that up. Let's look at this thing from an aerial real quick. Okay, let me share my screen on that so you can kind of see it from an aerial what I'm seeing there. Um, so this one's in Cincinnati, Ohio. Uh, Jason, if you're in here, do you I think you are. You could probably speak to the the area specifically. Um, but zooming in on this guy. Um, this is interesting. Tucks back in there pretty good. Um, so what do you notice about looking at this from an aerial? chime in in the chat what you notice in kind of the learnings and stuff about the location. Put it into the chat. I'm curious as to what you see what you see from the aerial. That's a good thing and maybe even a bad thing um about its location when you're looking at it from an aerial. The one thing I like is you'll notice a lot of single family around it, right? And then the one thing I don't know if I like is how it's tucked off of the main road to where you can't see it, right? Which is, you know, a good and a bad thing. It's a small complex, so it's probably not too big of an issue. If it were a big complex, I'd want to have a lot of viewhip, you know, drivebys and stuff or access off a main road. But you can see kind of how, you know, you to get to this thing, you have to come off Beachmont, tuck back in here off of Aubbury, Asbury, sorry. Then you got to turn off this other side road. Then you have to turn off immaculate onto another side road, come down a residential neighborhood and all the way at the end, right, you tuck back into this apartment complex. Now, not necessarily a bad thing for privacy and being quiet and all that. Um, the stores on the other side, it backs up to some retail and stuff. Not a big issue. It's a doughnut shop and a laundry facility. Not a big problem. I don't know what that is. as long as it's not like some cannabis store or 24-hour convenience store should be fine there. Repair services and so forth. So, not bad. You just want to make sure that's not going to be a deterrent tucked all the way back in there. You have no frontage, no signage, no driveby, no nothing. Smaller complex, so you can probably get around with it. It is a town home design. I wonder if this thing will get me a street view. It will. Let's take a look at that. Yeah. So, you see there's the the ending there. There's all your So, nice street. Nice street. I like that. And you're tucked back in here. Um, interesting product. Yeah. Yeah, it is nice that it's tucked back in there like that. Um, no bars on the windows. That is correct. That is right. Um, yeah. Nice little neighborhood. Nice little, you know, blue collar workingass neighborhood. You drive down here. Taking a look at everything. Yeah. Very pride of ownership. Awesome. Yeah, that's great. Yeah. So, it could be a super positive that it's it's tucked back in there like that. You know, people may like that. Quiet, private. You know, once again, you're not trying to fill 200 units, 16. So, you know, you don't need a ton of traffic and you can advertise online to to pull that off, right? And then that takes you down to the other lane to go to that road that we were talking about you saw from the aerial. Um, so that's not bad. Definitely not bad on that front. Um, see if we can get back to the aerial here. See, it'll pull me up. There we go. Yeah. So, location's pretty good. Yeah, no issues really with the location. I just want to double check that. um that it's not going to be an issue there and they don't have occupancy, but it looks like great neighborhood. Great neighborhood. Um yeah. So, Jason, is that is that a decent neighborhood? By the looks of it, it it looks pretty pretty cool. Like that's definitely a little nice little spot tucked back in there um since you're there in Cincinnati. So, good area. Beachmont is highly traveled road. Got it. access to major highways only about one minute away. Okay, cool. Yeah. So, from an aerial perspective and kind of looking at just general location as I'm kind of peeking at that thing. Uh, pretty good. Pretty good. So, now back to the numbers. You know, you're bumping those rents and stuff. Looks good. You come over here to your expenses, right? Right now, showing super high expenses. So, we would want to dig into that a bit. Um, you know, it's a 1961 product. So, yeah, they definitely have a lot of expenses going on here that you got to really dig into and and and refine cuz yeah, you should be no more than that. Like that would be high high range right at the 54%. That'd be high range and it's a nice nice little property. Uh, but that's good. This is high on your turnover. So, I definitely want to be looking at that. Um, if you have 16 town homes and I mean they're a little larger, so that's going to be a little more expensive uh on turn cost, but you probably have good retention there. 16 times.3. So you got about call it five units times 1,500 bucks. So you you could probably get that down to about 7,200 bucks on that turn cost. utilities. I would definitely want to look at this number right here pretty heavily to see what kind of reimburseables and rubs I can pull out of this deal. Um taxes. Damn, that seems high for 16 units. That seems really high. Um I'm going to look at that number. That that seems high. Um this is definitely going to be 8%. So that's pumping up. got to have the reserve replacements in there. Um, other income. So, they're they're definitely getting some reimburseables here. So, that's why that's up to 48 grand on their other income because that's probably including pet rent, you know, all that stuff in there. Uh, other income for reimburseables, admin fees, late fees, all that stuff. We you could dig into that the line items there. Um, she's running it at at 14 and 10% on your economic loss. Totally fine. That's fair for the Midwest. I like that. So, um, you know, some of the metrics, I mean, you're you're you're in line. You're not too crazy off that. Cash on cash is nice. So, we're just going to refine some numbers here. Um, why did that go up when I brought that down? Oh, because we brought that up to 8%. Got it. Yeah. So, we definitely want to look at this utility number. That seems pretty heavy. And if they have rubs and reimburseables in there, which it looks like she does, you know, she should be able to get um she should be able to get like 60% on that 37,000. So, just so you know, when you're kind of doing rubs and reimburseables like that. So, if you take that 37,000 times 6, she should be able to get about 22 grand of that, which I'm guessing that's built into that $48,000 number, that other income number in there. And then she has extras on top of that for admin fees, late fees, pet rent, all that stuff, right? I guarantee they're building in there. So, we'll keep that number the way that it is. Um, but yeah, that tax number is wild. That seems really high. Um the address, uh Jason, you can see it up top here, 1277 Immaculate Lane. Um but yeah, those taxes seem high. Holy cow. Um seems really high for a property like that for 16 units. That's that's some serious property taxes um on a deal like that. So if you were at I mean what is that as a tax rate? 78 grand divided by a million5 that's a 5% tax rate. That doesn't seem right. Something's up. Something's up. We're missing something there. Um, I I don't know because I don't have the OM in there and I'd have to but we could go into What I would probably do in this scenario is I'll take um I'm going to take the address just like we normally do and I'm going to go into RAI and we're going to have a little fun with it real quick. have a little chitchat and I want to understand how that county calculates property taxes. So, let me come in here real quick. Give me the property taxes. I'm going to share my screen so you guys can see this. So, I just clicked the predefined thing that for the property taxes. I'm going to put this in the address. Uh 16 unit multifamily property. See what it does. Let's call it 22 on your tax rate. Um so at a million five, see big difference. That's why I'm trying to understand the taxes there. Seems wild. For 16 unit, I'd underwrite conservatively at per unit annually. Okay, got it. So, purchase price blah blah blah. So, I mean, yeah, because that seems wildly high. Um, but these are the types of things you'd kind of catch. So, I'd really want to understand um auditor's website has it at 59,000. What in the hell? Um yeah, that seems super high. Anyhow, I'm going to dig into that. Like, if I were looking to buy, I I'd dig into that. I'd really want to understand the tax rates there because the county showing that tax rate at 1.9 to 2.2. too. So, even if you use the high end, you're not even close. So, I really want to understand what's going on there cuz that seems out of whack. That's really, really high tax rate. Um, but that's like wildly high. Um, I mean, that's wildly high. So, anyhow, that's definitely like red flag, right? You're looking at that. So, I'm highlighting those numbers, you know, on this proforma to pay attention to stuff like that because that just that just that's out of alignment, right? It just spurts red flags all over the place. And I would dig into the utility cost. Everything else looks pretty good. Insurance seems low. Seems low. So, I'd definitely be wanting to get a soft quote. So, what I would be doing on this is I would say, "Okay, I'm going to reach out to my insurance broker that you guys have in the system, and I'd say, "Hey, here's the information on the on the property." And you can do this, just so you know, statewide. So, anywhere you guys are looking right now, you can reach out to the insurance brokers that are in our uh vendor list for you and you can say, "Hey, I'm looking in Ohio. Here's an address of a property I'm looking at. I want to get a general idea of what the insurance would be." Soft quote. They'll you throw out some of some of the financials. You can send them over the OM and some of the financials on the property and they'll get you a soft quote that can be used for the state, right? I mean, certainly it'll break down into detail for the the city, right? But you can get it generally speaking for the state where they can tell you, oh, it's going to be about $800 a unit, $900 a unit, $600 a unit, generally speaking, right? use it as a range and that way you can underwrite correctly per your state because it is unique to each state. Just FYI. So with Ohio, it could be at 600 bucks, 700 bucks per unit. Per unit. So that's something to consider when you're going in so you can underwrite correctly for the state that you're looking in. Okay? And every state's different. Um like if this were Texas, it'd be a,000 bucks to,400. If it were in Florida, it's like $44 million a unit. Not literally, but almost. It's a lot. Uh, it' be like 3,000 a unit almost. It's crazy. Um, so yeah, keep that in mind. Definitely want to look at the property taxes on this one. But let's take everything the way that it is for a minute. Yeah, it just seems Yeah, I I would go with that 59,000. Like, see how she put in the proforma number show 59,000. I I would go with that cuz that would put you in line. You see that 50% right there? that 50% for the um expense ratio, that's in alignment with where a property like this should operate, especially at that quality. It looks like a pretty decent quality property, but that's where it should operate because that's really going to change your number. See what happens. So, that's a big big big ticket when you start looking at that. Okay. Um the other thing I would look at here, see how cuz she is going to do some renovation on it, right? She's putting in 250 grand. So, I mean, that's well over $10,000 a unit. That doesn't make sense for her to do that because see how her return on cost, this number right here, that return on cost for her renovation dollars is under the 18% that you need to see. So, if you're going to be doing renovations to a property, you want to make sure you're getting your money out of it. So, it makes sense. So, we want to see that number at 18% or greater, right? 18% or greater. If we if we hover over this, see how it says 18% or greater? That's what we want to see there. So, what we're going to do, she doesn't need that kind of money. Let's let's move it down to 200 grand. So, that's still over $10,000 a unit in renovation costs. So, let's put that in there. Now, we're now we're making business, right? So for 200 grand, which is still like almost 11,000 a unit, you can renovate these little town homes. Even if they're 1,000 square ft, which they are in this case, right? Um 1,000 square ft. You can renovate those things. You just want to be tactful, right, in your renovations. But, you know, 10 10 11,000 bucks a unit, uh depending on what you're doing, you could get that in there. And then that way you're getting your your ROI on your cost and everything's in alignment right there. Uh let me answer a couple quick questions. Uh Christian, it depends. So to answer your question, yes, it should be in the Midwest. Uh to give you kind of perspective for a minute, uh we renovate stuff like this in the Midwest in Texas, $10 to $14,000 a unit for the bigger units like this. So, you're you're pretty close. But that also includes washerd dryer connections. So, I'd have to get into like what's going to be included in the scope. But yeah, for 11,000 a unit, you should be able to do a pretty decent job unless these things are in really bad shape. Really bad shape in California, right? Super high. We spent 22,000 a unit, but those were like gut jobs. I mean, scraping ceilings, new plumbing, new electrical, new flooring, new cabinets, new countertops, new appliances, new windows, new I mean everything. I mean, gut job and that was 22 grand a unit. And that's in California where it cost 14 trillion to do anything. So, yes, to answer your question, that should be sufficient in the upper Midwest, anywhere in the middle part of the country if you're being tactful with your renovation dollars. uh older plumbing and electrical, would you budget higher into the rental costs? Um, depends how bad the plumbing is, but that you're going to do that in your inspections. So, when you go to inspect the property, right, and you're having the in the the plumber dropping the cameras down the lines and stuff, you're going to if it's cast iron, fine. As long as there's no major issues with the cast iron and there's no history of major backups and all that stuff, no, you're not going to change that. You wouldn't change the copper uh supply lines like the pressurized water lines. You wouldn't need to do that. You would look at the electrical. So, the one thing you're going to want to look at is the electrical panels, right? Are they old or new? Uh is the wiring aluminum or copper? That's going to be a big ticket, right? Right? And this is all in that due diligence checklist. So, as you know, you have the questionnaire for the seller that that you have that in your backend. That's part of your downloads, the seller questionnaire. In those questions talks about all of these items that you're talking about. Plumbing, electrical, type of wiring, roofing, all these lines, right? All this stuff. And then you're going to inspect that. So, on your due diligence inspection list, there's a checklist there that says, did you inspect this, this, this, this, this, this, this. So, you're going to know by the end of those inspections what's working and what's not and how bad or how good things are. That will then adjust your rental budget going in. But I would not account for it until you know more information. So, this is like high level. Then, when you're in contract doing your due diligence, that's where you're narrowing down to fine-tune everything before your money's going hard. Okay? Before your money's going hard. But no, I the you're not going to replace the electrical wiring unless it's really bad. You may upgrade the panels, right? If you have really old panels and you're going to be putting in washerdryer connections and all of that, you may have to upgrade the paneling for sure with extra breakers and boxes and all that stuff. But the electrical wiring should be fine. Uh you may want to upgrade electrical switches and stuff, but that's, you know, a couple grand a unit like max if you're doing like crazy upgrades. If you're upgrading panel plugs and switches to like newer grade stuff, you're maybe looking at a couple grand a unit for that. Okay. So, nothing too too crazy. Nothing too too crazy. Um, awesome. Okay. So, we put that in there. So, we're good. Yeah. I mean, overall, so yeah, Cutney, you're going to want to come in here, double check these taxes because they seem super high. And I know you put the proform in there, 59. That seems like an alignment because the online AI is telling me 1.9 to 2.2 on your tax rate. So the 59 is even high. But I would really dig into that. I'd also be digging into the insurance number. Get an insurance quote uh for the state of Ohio from the insurance brokers in our system. And then double-checking these utilities, making sure you should be able to get about 60% if you're using rubs reimburseables properly, about 60% reimbursed back to you. So that should be in this other income number, which I think it is. So that's pretty good. And then you should be sitting at about a 49 to 50% expense ratio. That's where that property should operate. So with good operations and somebody that knows what they're doing, you can take it from this crappy operations, something's going on there. Because if you're operating a property at a 60 plus% economic or uh expense ratio, no bueno. Like something's going on. Way too high of expenses. So as a business, that thing should be operating around 50%. Even as a 1961 property. Okay, so that is that deal. Um, you're not trying to get exact dollars on your rental costs. You just do a general number, Don. So, for this property, yeah, $10 to $11,000 a unit, even for the bigger town home should work. Um, check, are you doing washerdryer connections? Are you planning those or are they already in there? Yeah. Um, yeah, the payroll, you wouldn't have payroll on a 16 unit. Okay. If they're already in there, if they already have washerdryer connections, then yeah, all day long, 10,000 a unit, 11,000 a unit, you should be good. You should be good on a little 16 unit uh town home project. And it looks like it's pretty clean. I mean, looking at the street view and stuff. So, you should be able to get that all day long. So, we dropped your rental cost down to about 200 grand. Um, keeping everything else equal, but that's that's pretty good. Uh, let's look at another one real quick. Even looking at the 39 unit that Brian just put into contract. I can show you that one real quick. So this one's in Memphis, Tennessee. Memphis, Tennessee. So he's got it in I think at either 2 million50,000 or 2.1. Um you know the tax rates and things are lower and stuff. So, that's allowing this thing to operate, you know, much lower than normal, which is nice. Um, but I believe it's a 19 Yeah, you got 1970 property. Um, yeah, we tweaked these numbers a little bit, but it's a bank-owned asset, right? He's picking it up as a bank-owned asset, so it's it's pretty healthy. We adjusted a handful. I think these are the old numbers. I think we had this thing right around a 20 something% irr, not 45 because that's outrageous. Um, so we adjusted those because on his proforma, I think he had some different numbers in here that we adjusted. So, we'll double check everything, but that was a pretty healthy deal, too. Uh, Cetna on your other one real quick. Um, this one here. So, this was 22 units in Cincinnati, right? It's that one there. Um, these numbers are good on your expense ratios. I like that 1970 property. You're definitely in alignment. We want to work on this return on renovation cost cuz you're doing a decent rena on that thing for 22 units. I mean, that's 10 grand a unit. So, we want to we want to make sure and and the reason why I can show you why this is um your return on um your return on rena dollars is low because of this. You see, you're going to move the rent, you're trying to move the rent from here to here and from 1300 to 1345. It's not enough of a bump for you to spend that kind of money. Right? Not enough of a bump to spend that kind of money. Let me show you how it would work if I was going to take the rents. Right? This is why we always ideally want to see if you look at the last property, right? That 16 unit, we're bumping it almost 200 bucks a unit per month. So therefore, it allows us to go spend that kind of money to get that return. You're getting over 18 19% return on the money you're spending to get the dollar bump. But in this case, you're not. you're only bump I mean you're only getting 60 70 80 bucks right and you're spending a lot of money to do that so it doesn't make sense so there's two ways to fix the problem either you figure out how to get this thing up to 12 probably 1300 bucks on those and I would want to see 1450 on those right if I can bump that rent and spend that money watch what happens we're getting closer we're right around 16 17% % not quite there yet. I mean, it doesn't have to be exact, right? Don't have to be perfect, but I'm just using this as a guideline, right? But so then you really would want to get these up to like 1350 and 1450. Boom. There you go. Now, if in your analysis you're like, I can't get the rents up that high. It doesn't work, right? It doesn't work. Okay, no problem. then we can't spend that much money. I need to figure out what is the least amount of money I can spend to get that bump. So now we're going to come up here and I'm going to go down to 100 grand, right? Or maybe let's do 12 or 120 rand. Okay. To get that bump. And now we're getting close. So I can't spend that. I got to go down to 100 grand. You have to find that medium where you can spend the money and get the return. Otherwise, financially, it's not going to be beneficial for you to do that. So, what is the least amount I need to do to get the bump in rent? That's what you're that's the question you're trying to answer. What is the least amount of money I need to put into this to get the bump in rent? Okay. So, in this case, now you're there. So, you can spend a hundred grand on this deal. If if if you can't get the rents any higher, and that is what it is, then I can go in there and spend a h 100red grand on 22 units and get the bump in rent just enough to then get these numbers all to look pretty and everything else looks good. So you're, you know, they're asking 26, you're going in at 21, 100 grand in renovation, 30% down, closing cost at 7%. You could probably make that six, by the way, but let's just whatever. That's good. 6 and a half on your interest rate. Um, rents are fine, expenses are fine. Really curious. Yeah, you're getting a lot of other income. That's great. So, that helps a lot. A lot. But yeah, everything else looks good, man. This thing pumps. Um, over here looks good. All your numbers there look good. Your 10% all of that. That's great. Over here to your waterfall. Let's put you at a 7030. I'm going to zoom up on this thing for you. 7030. 7030 on your profit and cash flow splits. 6% preferred return. Okay. 6% prep. Um your cash flow is good, but let's make sure the preferred return 6 to 7% should be fine for a deal like this in this market. Okay. In this market, 7030 on your split and then you're still getting your investors a great return, right? I mean, this is kind of your investor's return right there. 16 to 17% a year uh on your IRRa uh is pretty good. Equity multiples healthy. Cash on cash return is healthy. Um and you can see kind of the cash flow coming through. And you're not even refinancing this thing. So what I would be looking to do, let's take a look at this thing and see what happens if we refinance this thing right around year threeish. Okay. Um, if we use I'm going to scroll over here to the sales assumptions exit cap rate interest rate. Okay, so you're at 6 and a half%. Okay, so let's take this interest rate. Let me show you what happens here. What can happen here? If we do a 70% loan on a refi and we get on your refinance, I think you could pull off two years of interest only. And we're going to do it at a 5.8 even maybe let's just do it a 5.8 interest rate, right? And then we're going to refinance this baby. Yes. And we're going to do it right around year three. We could even do it year four. either way, but we can pull right there. So, with that in mind, because you're doing the renovation and you're getting the bumps. So, with that in mind, I understand the equity multiple drops a little bit, but I want you to watch what's going to happen to the money coming in and out. So, here you go. Right here. Okay. So, here's your money in, money out. This is for the property level. I'm going to highlight this so you can see this property level. So 843,000 bucks is going into the deal between you and investors. Here's the cash flows of the property each year. And then boom, year three, you're going to get a big big pop, refinance, cash out of $616,000. All that's going to flow down, right? You're going to pay the preferred return here. Then you're going to have a chunk of money that's going to flow down. 573,000 is going to jump all the way down and get split, right? Gets split between uh you and the investors to where you as a GP, you're going to get 172,000 bucks out. The investors are going to get about 450,000 bucks out of their 700. So, they're getting almost 70% back or 60 some odd percent back of their money. Plus, they've gotten all this cash flow, right? And then you're getting all your money out here, right? You put in 126, you're going to get $588,000. I mean, your return is 47% a year. Your investor's return is 17% a year. Pretty healthy. Very, very healthy. Their cash on cash, see how that bumps? That cash on cash jumps because that year three refinance, I mean, it's it's getting everybody money back pretty quick. And they're going to be stoked if you can do that. And then whether you do that year three or four is great. and then you can write off and then maybe sell it in year six and stuff. But that's great because then you could do your um because you're interest on this thing for two years coming into it. You're going to get some nice cash flow, right? Nice cash flow. And then you can sell it in year six, which is fine. And or you can hold on to it longer and maybe refinance it again. the loans you'd be using would probably be like a 5-year loan would be perfect. So that way there's not a lot of prepayment penalties and stuff when you refinance and it's going to give you options every probably 3 to 5 years to refinance the property when interest rates in the market allow that to be beneficial. Um Chad's asking do you not look at the refi right after rena and filling up units setting the management? Um, you do, yes, uh, if the market is is making sense for you to do that. But you have to, in order for the refi to really make sense, you have to have interest rates in the market be in alignment for you. Otherwise, you're just trading, you know, fees, right? Because you're not going to be able to pull out enough money. the cash on cash return is going to struggle because you're not increasing the interest rate or I'm sorry, you're not uh improving the interest rate environment. So once again, yes to answer your question, but you want to look at the interest rate environment and you don't know what that's going to be, right? You got to look at it at that time and then okay, so the interest rate environment is not good enough to to do the refi now. Okay, let's hold. Give you a perfect example. We have our deal in National City that um for the last I mean we bought it in the end of 2022 did all the rena everything's rocking and rolling it's great uh got it at the right time interest rate 6.5% uh on a fixed rate on a rena deal put in 2.5 million bucks to the property and the value is way way way way up. Um now we're looking to refinance. Well, the last year and a half has not been the right time. So, we have not done that cuz we haven't been able to pull out enough proceeds to pay everybody back and have it make sense to do that. Now, we can get a rate right around 5.8 5.9 for us on that deal. So now we can get enough enough proceeds and the cash flow is good enough and it all makes sense for us to now go out and pay, you know, $2.5 million back to the investors, which includes us, by the way, and give 2.5 million bucks back to the investors and cash flow the property beautifully. So that way moving forward, we'll be in a great environment because the interest rates are improving right now in that environment. Okay? But you got to be it has to make sense. That's why you'll look at it at that time. You can only project so far out. Okay. Um, forced appreciation is not enough if the interest rates suck to answer your question. Like you can't have interest rates go way way up and you be able to have that thing make sense. So yeah, it's a combination. I mean you can increase the value, but I got news for you. If interest rates go up, valuations go down. Why? Because cap rates go up. When interest rates go up, so do cap rates. Like, they'll typically follow they're they're lagging, right? But they'll follow the interest rates. They have to, right? It's no different than you buying properties now. It's very difficult for you to go purchase a property fundamentally if the interest rates are higher than the cap rate of the market. And you'll see that in the numbers, right? And even on this one, very difficult. Like even on this one, for example, her purchase cap rate is 8%. If you buy it at the 21, interest rates are probably going to be closer to 6.75 for her. But right, but imagine for a minute, watch this. Let's say the interest rate was, you know, 8%. Or 8.5, right? Ain't no way in the world you're buying this property, right? It's going to be very difficult. If I have to come down here, that's on a refi. If I have to come down here and buy that thing at an interest rate higher than your cap rate, it's tough to do that. So, let's make sure that thing is she doing I IO? No. IO there. Okay, good. So that's good there. Oh, that's that's fine there. Okay. And then on the performer, that number there. Okay. So that will work. Stop there. Good. And then yeah, if these interest rates get out of whack, so if this thing starts going up to like 9% and some change, right, where you have a big delta there, starts to make it very difficult, right? Your cash on cash is going to struggle, your DCR is going to get out of whack, things are going to start to not make sense if the interest rates are higher than the cap rate. So that's why those have to be in alignment. So even though you may be forcing appreciation, your valuation is going to go down. So you think you're doing this just because rents, but then rents may struggle. So once again, interest rates play a big role in this, which is why it's been a dog fight the last couple years, but it is starting to make sense now. Okay. Um 6.75. Yeah. And that thing will be nice and healthy. Nice and healthy. Um great questions. Does the analyzer show the actual new property value after Renault and filling based on the performant? Yes, it does, Chad. So, if you come in here to the proforma page, here's your estimated market values, right? Based upon the cap rate and the rents, right? Because the rents are going to go up. You're looking at the monthly rents here. Okay? So, this is your gross rents, right? They're going up based upon you improving the property, right? Because when you you improve it, rents are going up. So, that will track and then your valuations will go up with it. Okay? So, call it year three, your valuation's at 29. Year four, year three, and it's tracking that at a 6 12% um cap rate, which probably fair for that market. You could probably squeeze to six, but 6 and a half be more than in in alignment. Okay. Um, great questions, though. Okay. Awesome. So, these are these ones. Let's call some brokers real quick before we finish up. Any other questions on these? Um, and I'll save these. I know they've already we've already responded to you chatting on those, but I'll just save them on my desktop as we've kind of gone through these. Um, get out of that one and save out of that one. Awesome. All right, let's see if we can get some brokers on the phone real quick. Stand by. How's everybody doing today? Everybody having a good day? Hopefully. Got there. And where do we want to go? Let's go to Do we want to go? Let me share my screen here. Let's go into Missouri. Let's call some people in Missouri. do some units. We'll do some five. Uh I think we'll do five, but let's do 50. Five to 50. We'll just try there. 2.3. How much is this? Or um how many units? 26 units. Perfect. That's nice. Okay. Very nice. Very nice. Portfolio available or sold separately. Got it. Occupancy is good. Okay. So, this is in St. Louis. All right, let's see if these guys pick up the phone. Let's give it a ring. Let's do three. Whoopsie. Fine. This is probably going to go to their office. I'm betting. trying to reach is currently unavailable. Please leave a message after the tone. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's try another one here. 35 units. Let's try these guys. Let's call Mr. Matthew. Okay. 39 units. Looks like St. Louis market 100% occupancy, huh? That means your rents are too low. Um, it's in Missouri. Is this St. Louis? Where is this at? Well maintained. View the map. Yeah, I think there we go. St. Louis. That's what I thought. Is that where I Hold on a second. Hold on. Is this where I think it is? Oh god. Oh no, that's fine. A little rough around the airport there in St. St. Louis. Uh but let's uh let's chat. Let's chat. Okay. 3 1 4 3 3 2 3 3 4 zero. Can't take your call now. &gt;&gt; Come on. We're going to get somebody pick up you guys. Let's go. Hi, you've reached Garen Lapser with Celian Realy Group. For a potentially faster response, please send me a text to this number. Otherwise, leave your message. I'd like you to pick up. That's what I would like. All right, let's try another one here. These guys are same thing. Is it the same dudes? Yeah, Garen and Matthew. Come on, Garen and Matthew. I know you guys are busy, but let's go. Uh, 48 units. Let's call these guys. Um, 83 days on market. Kansas City. Nice. Class B. You're built 71. It's lunchtime. Well, money never sleeps. Let's go. There we go. Uh 4291. call. &gt;&gt; Hey, Katon. Uh, this is Justin Brennan. I'm actually I'm with Brennan Poly Capital. I'm calling you guys on your um I think it's the one on 29th Street. The the 39 is it 39 units? No. Or 30 48 units, excuse me. 48 units. Um yeah, nice little property. Just trying to get some info on it. Uh, you know, we're in the Kansas City market and looking at some things and kind of to see if this if this would fit in our our buy box, but um yeah, I wanted to get some info on it. &gt;&gt; So, you're the buyer or you have a buyer? &gt;&gt; I I am the buyer, correct? &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah, I got sitting over the OM. Um, but yeah, just tell me a little bit more about what you guys are looking for. The only thing here in town. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, we do. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. So, we started buying back there in 2018 um between I guess the off of um the main street and kind of urban and then we also did some other um stuff over by the university um that we own and kind of in this pocket size of 10 to 50 unit deals. So, this is kind of in the wheelhouse. Um you know, age and vintage is is just about right. You know, class would you say it's a class B it looks like or class C? I mean, it looks like pretty nice rena on it. &gt;&gt; So, the property is um I would say class B. Uh I would say roughly over the last five or six years, they've redid the entire exterior. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Looks nice. &gt;&gt; Allowed them to get a tax abatement on it as well. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Okay. &gt;&gt; But the area is definitely CE glass. &gt;&gt; Okay. Then they have some It looks like we can assume that debt potentially. What kind of loan and terms is still left on that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Have you if you look at the OM all that'll be in there. Not trying to cut you short on that, but it's two and a half million. &gt;&gt; Two and a half million about 4% um more than five years left on it. I It's pretty good loan. Obviously, you know, you'll be maxing out your LTV, but &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Um I think it makes more sense to assume it to be honest. You could get a supplemental. &gt;&gt; Sure. And then are you um I guess on that I know it's on unpriced currently. Any price guidance or whisper price you guys have on that? Four and a half million. &gt;&gt; Four and a half. Okay. Yeah. Well, I because I can I can download the the OM here from Krexy. Um so I'll pull it from there and kind of run some numbers and stuff on it. But &gt;&gt; um is this kind of the main deal you guys have right now in the area? Are you guys dealing with any kind of other things that are kind of in the initial stages? &gt;&gt; Um we have a couple other opportunities on market, but nothing really in the Midtown area. And that's I guess where you're trying to stay. Is that right? Yeah. If you even go south a little bit, is it Overland or some other pockets maybe 25 minutes south of the downtown area? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, so are you guys looking for more value add or stabilize? Like what type of yield metrics are you guys trying to achieve? &gt;&gt; I mean, we can Yeah. So 15 to 16% irr at the property level. Um, okay. You know, can work. And then, you know, obviously it'll depend on, you know, expense ratios and economic loss numbers and stuff in terms of how we're underwriting versus maybe how you guys underwrite. Um, but yeah, not I'm not I'm not looking for a crazy rena deal, right, where it's in really bad shape, but will we do a medium? Sure. Will we do a light? Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. Would you guys have any interest in a fairly stabilized deal and I would say a class A location? It's a definitely a B+ property in a A location just due to all the development stuff that's been happening next to it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, do you think there's any movement on the rents? I mean, is it pretty maxed out at the moment or any kind? &gt;&gt; I mean, there I mean, there's definitely some movement on the rents, right? You know, you don't going to have to put any money into the units. It's going to be really over just time. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, so like renewals is probably the best way to do that. Just have retention. &gt;&gt; Okay. No, but there is like a hundred bucks, you know, but it's not like you're going to come in and raise the rents 150 bucks or 200 bucks and then, &gt;&gt; you know, find some other major efficiencies. But, uh, very, very stable deal. And if you're like a long-term hold for multiple loans, then, you know, this one you'll see the most &gt;&gt; uh, market appreciation from. &gt;&gt; Got it. Got it. Yeah, we take a look at that. I mean, I I can shoot you a text when we get off here. Is this your cell number? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Shoot me specs. Um I'll send you the OM &gt;&gt; for the other one or you can go on our website. That one is actually on market. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; As well. We just put it on there like a week ago. Um but it's a great great location. Uh the owners have owned it for 10 years and pretty much have renovated everything in it. &gt;&gt; Okay. Beautiful. Yeah. I appreciate your time, man. Yeah. Thanks for taking a few quick moments and I'll I'll shoot you a text when we get off here. &gt;&gt; For sure. And have you are you on our emailing list or are you just on Crexy or &gt;&gt; I was just on Crexy currently, but I'll uh if you send me over that email, I'll send you my email and the text and then yeah, love to get on kind of your your list for any of that stuff that maybe you're working on preexy, right? Right before it's going on in that pre-market phase. And yeah, love to get a look at it a little bit in advance. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Um, yeah, when I send over the email, I'll see if I have anything else. I think most of the stuff we have, it'll be like KCK. I know like value ad, but that's pretty rough area if you're not trying to be in a C-class area. Let me see here. Uh, do you guys like Lee Summit roll? &gt;&gt; Say that again. Do &gt;&gt; you like Lee Summit? &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah. That's not bad. Are you guys in a duplex product at all? &gt;&gt; Uh, no. Yeah, most everything we have is, you know, north of 10 units under 50 within that kind of the general MSA. &gt;&gt; Oh, this would be this would be 40 units. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Got it. Oh. Oh, but it's it's designed in little duplexes. Is that what you're saying? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We take a peek at that just to see. &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. Well, I'll send that over. That's the lookout and Westville. I think those are two we have on market currently, but I don't think we really have anything off market that's going to be kind of, you know, &gt;&gt; in the buy box. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Correct. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, yeah. I love it. Appreciate your time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'll look for your text. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Uh yeah, you kind of saw that and how I kind of maneuvered the conversation from his listing, right? Talking about his listing, talking about his listing to Hey, boom. anything else you kind of working on behind the scenes that you know maybe is kind of in that pre-market phase just before Krexy and you know he kind of said no but then he kind of got into size me up a little bit well you guys in the area you looking for this what's your buy box what's your this what's your that so having those responses which I have the videos as to how you work with that is going to get you right in the back door immediately and you saw how that conversation went so um yeah he wanted to talk to me about a lot of things after we got going um beautiful guys yeah I got to jump off here onto another call. But I hope this was helpful and we'll get this all recorded up and get it online for everybody to rewatch if you'd like. So, um, beautiful. Have a great rest of your Thursday and, uh, we'll be in touch soon. Take care.