Testing one, two, three. We got the audio in there. Pro speakers. Brio. Good. Original. Okay. Testing. One, two, three. All right. Everybody's coming on in. Happy Thursday. Hello. Hello. Hello. Good to see everybody in here. Jaden, Hunter, Jason, great, beautiful, Marco. Good to see you, Twyla. Awesome. Paula, beautiful. Uh, we're going to call some brokers today. So, let me pull some stuff up real quick. We'll let everybody get settled in and then we'll get going. Let's do pull up some areas. Let's go into Arkansas today. Why not say Arkansas? Let's do Tennessee and maybe some Alabama. All right, pull them up. Uh, how's everybody's week been? Uh, hard to hear you. Uh, okay. How's everybody else doing on the audio? Testing one, two, three. Testing one, two, three. Audio seems to be fine. Okay, so uh yeah, Jaden, you may need to turn some uh speakers up. I was just saying. Okay, good. Awesome. And uh yeah, we should be good uh with the hearing and everything um on that front with the speakers now and stuff. So when we're dialing with the phone and all that, we should be good to go. Um so let me pull up a couple little deals here and we will get going. Um SVN, perfect. Those are the guys I want to talk to. Um, let's do, let me filter it a little farther. Go to maybe 50 unit deals. Five to 50. Cool. Let me share my screen real quick. Show you what I'm looking at. And um yeah, you as you guys know the process, you know, you're using Crexy not for the deals but for a broker Rolodex and you're trying to find out who the market makers are in the markets. So, usually the first thing I'm doing is I'm looking at the logos on these little thumbnails here as I'm scrolling through and you the minute you start to notice, you know, the same logos multiple times starts to show you that, okay, you know, Moses and Tucker, they're doing some deals, right? Starting to see PWA is doing some deals. Kyers and all these guys, Matthews, because I'm trying to find out who the market makers are. And the ones you see the most logos of repeatedly, those are your market makers. Um, but yeah, we'll go ahead and call on a few of these here. 46 units. Oh, we we we know this one. I tooured that property. Toured that one. Oh, see they said they were going into contract. So, something happened. Um, this one's in Memphis. Those guys there. This is Mobile, Alabama. Okay. See, just kind of getting a feel for it and stuff. Birmingham 20 unit deal there. Okay. Yeah, he's doing a decent amount um of the of stuff there. So, okay. Well, yeah, let's come on up here and we'll look into Arkansas here to start. Uh let's call in these guys here. This is a 30 unit and Let me pull up the chat so I can see all of you guys. Perfect. So, we got Cam and we got George here. So, we'll call them both, but little 30 unit, five buildings, 1966, been on the market a lot of time. Um, all right. So, it's, you know, not sexy. but we are going to use it as a lure for other stuff. Um, so you'll see kind of how I handle it. A few questions that'll probably come up are, "Hey, have you boughten in this market? Are you in this market?" Stuff like that. Uh, I'm going to answer it no, but I'm going to spin it then to, "Yeah, but we're doing other stuff in other markets and we're actually looking at coming into Arkansas. you know, we've been doing some stuff um up in Memphis and blah blah blah blah blah. So, that's how we'll handle that. But, it's just, you know, takes a little bit of practice. You do it a couple times, you fumble around. Um, you can't just, you can't be afraid of of failure. I mean, that's uh, you know, there's a great question. I was talking with Scott yesterday, Scott Turner. And you know, we've reframed the term failure. It's lessons. You're not failing. You're just learning lessons. If you think about it like that, because I mean, all the times you failed or not succeeded or gotten your, you know, what kicked in, the lessons you learn from it are far exceeding a lot of the stuff you get when you succeed. So, think of it like just lessons learned. So, we're going to learn some lessons today, even if we fail. Uh, let me go ahead and call Cam and hopefully the ring, you'll hear the ring and all that when I get going here. Um, me turn it up. Let's see what happens here. 30 units trail. So, chime in if you can hear the ring. Your call has been forwarded to voicemail. The person you're trying to reach is not available. &gt;&gt; Come on, Cam. You want to sell some real estate today, Cam? Two, three. Let's try another one here. Let's call George. Your call has been forwarded to voicemail. The person you're trying to &gt;&gt; All right. So, they don't want to sell anything today. Let's keep moving on. Next one. Uh, let's call these guys. Nice property. 2022 build. Okay. Been on a while, so it's overpriced. Um, that's fine. Uh, Proforma cap rate, current cap rate. So, that's why it hasn't sold. You know, cap rates low. It's a um this is not really a deal that's going to make financial sense. It's not built on fundamentals. That's okay. Um, you know, this is a placement of money game on this one being newer construction. Um, but good to call on it. Chat with Zach or Chase here and use it as line in the water. 719. Whoops. 8153. Your call has been forwarded to voicemail. &gt;&gt; Jeez. Let's keep going. Dial for dollars, baby. &gt;&gt; Hi. If you record your name and reason for calling, I'll see if this person is available. &gt;&gt; Justin Brennan for 2011 North Second Street, Arkansas. &gt;&gt; Thanks. Please stay on the line. &gt;&gt; I need to get this assistant. I'm sorry. This person is not available. If you would like to leave an additional &gt;&gt; No, I want them to pick up their phone. Let's keep going. See who we got on this one. We got Zach and Chase again. Well, that's not going to work. Uh PWA. Let's call these guys again. See who's there. Is it Cole? Kevin. Okay, so new guys. All right, this one's 10 units million4. So 140,000 units been on 50 days in Tennessee. So good market. Um occupancy is great. Okay, got it. Two, one, zero. this Kevin. &gt;&gt; Hey Kevin. Uh my name is Justin. I'm with Brennan Pulley Capital. Uh was calling on your little 10 unit there um on Hillside Drive. Um &gt;&gt; yes, &gt;&gt; in Haramman, Tennessee. Uh just trying to get a little bit of info on it. Seems like a cool little property. Um, it's only been on what about 50? &gt;&gt; Go ahead. &gt;&gt; No, go ahead. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was just trying to get, I guess, some updates on it. I mean, if uh do you guys have activity on it? Um, it's a nice little &gt;&gt; We've had activity that that 10 unit is actually part of a larger portfolio. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; It's a total of 70 doors, but he broke that one off because it's it's a little &gt;&gt; it's a little out from where the other properties are at. Okay. &gt;&gt; Everything else he wanted to keep together, but if you will text me your email address, I'm on the road, but I will have Marissa in my office send you um rent roll expenses, all that good stuff. &gt;&gt; Got it. Yeah. No, not a problem on that. And then um because you know we're looking for other stuff in that market or even you know Tennessee in general um that's kind of you know 10 to 30 unit properties B or C class um you know that we can go in. &gt;&gt; I've also got a um I've also got a 14 unit in northeast Knoxville. It's in the Strawberry Plains area. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I'll have her send you that one as well. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. So you guys do a decent amount within that Tennessee market, huh? Oh, that that's all we do. We're strictly multif family. We go from the Tri Cities all the way down to Chattanooga over to Nashville. &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. Um, how long? We &gt;&gt; also got a N unit in Knoxville that I'll have her send you as well. It's it's it's basically in downtown Knoxville right next to our new baseball stadium. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's beautiful. Yeah, I mean, and we, you know, we you know, I know there's kind of sometimes a difference between things that are make sense fundamentally versus where people are just parking money, right? Um, right. So, we definitely need to operate on fundamentals, but um &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, I'll have her send you those three deals. Um and so, are you guys looking at looking in Tennessee in general or you area specific? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Tennessee in general. So, whether that's Knoxville, Nashville, um I mean, we've even look looked in in Memphis uh a bit in some pockets there. So, but definitely like the Tennessee market. So, &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. text me your name and your email and like I said I'll have Marissa send you that information on those three properties here in the next little bit. &gt;&gt; Okay. Really appreciate your time. Thanks for picking up Kevin. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; You back. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Thank you. Byebye. &gt;&gt; Cool. Um we got him to pick up. That's good. Uh any thoughts on that? Anybody want to come up and and chat real quick kind of through that? um and kind of how you would have handled it or questions you would have asked. In addition, you can see he was on the road so he didn't have a lot of time or you know able to speak at length but I so I want to get a little bit out of him and kind of set the tone a bit as to you know what we're looking for and not just hey this property but hey we're looking in a bigger general area but you can see it starts throwing deals at me uh which is great. Uh, but any thoughts on that and in comparison to some of the conversations you've had with some of the brokers similar to that where you're calling on a deal like this? I'm curious. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. cuz I kind of I could see that he was kind of short on time as you would say because like he made it Evan hey I'm on the road blah blah blah blah blah blah say hey not a problem I'm just curious like are you doing other things in the area and you know we're kind of looking for you know B and C class 10 to 30 unit properties you know within these pockets and zones and all of a sudden oh I got another 9 unit another 14 unit another 8 unit and I'll have you know sharer in my office send those over to you so it didn't take much um but yeah having that buy box you know down which you guys all have and you have even if you need that uh the template you know for you guys have that in your back end. Um does anybody have uh not have that uh the buy box? I mean you can explain what your buy box is. You know what that is? It's 10 to 30 unit apartment buildings B and CLass assets. I mean that have light to medium uh rena like uh value ad. I mean that is your buy box. Um, but you have the because we sent you guys and we created it in the link. Um, sending the buy box to the brokers. No. Yeah, you don't need to send them the buy box. You could just talk off the cuff like that. Um, that buy box is really more for you and maybe other investors, right? Other investors. Now, you could send it to brokers, but I wouldn't send it to them immediately. No. Maybe after you build a little rapport with them over time, uh then you could send it. But yeah, I wouldn't want to overwhelm, you know, anyone. I would just keep it real high level in the beginning uh to chat through some things and then you can send that over. Uh does everybody have your your link to the buy box because I think we set it up on Canva and then you can edit it. Curious, chime in in the chat. chime in in the chat if you do not have it and I'll make sure that we um Okay, so it is a link in your back end, Jason, but let me pull this up real quick and I will make sure we put it in here too. So you have it. So standby. I'm going to pull it up here. Shoot it off. You'll have it. Yeah. One second. Awesome. Should be Let me make sure. Got it. Okay. So, let me throw that in here so everybody has the Canva link and we'll double make sure that that gets put up into um your portals, which I know it is, but we'll just double check it. But that link there, that's the copy of it. Um, and then we're going to make sure we put it into this folder here. Awesome. Okay. Yeah. So, generally speaking, yeah, 10 to 30 unit apartment buildings, BNC class assets, uh, 19 I mean, doesn't have to be age, but probably up to about 2000ish, right? Early 2000s, uh, would be the highest. Um, so that way you can you can buy them at a price per door, you know, because your your ideal price point is between 50,000 to 150,000 per unit, right? Put that in the chat. Per unit. And the reason why that is is let's take a simple 20 unit apartment building at $100,000 per unit, right? To keep this capital game in line for everyone at a $2 million deal, you're looking at a million uh4 loan, right? Million4 loan. And then you're looking at, you know, $600,000 in down payment if that's right. Point Right? So, $600,000 in down payment, which means if you're bringing in 10% of that, that's 60K, right? So, trying to keep that capital out of pocket for you, right around that pocket zone. And then on a $2 million deal, you're going to be getting at least $40,000 back the minute you close on the deal is an acquisition fee. So, technically, you're now out of pocket $20,000 and you control a 20 unit apartment building. anywhere you go and then you bring in the rest of the money through the LPM game, other investors. But that's why you want to stay in that pocket zone if you can, unless you have a lot more capital, then the game changes for you. But staying in that 50,000 to 150,000, which is going to get you a lot of the country. The only areas you're not going to find that would be in say California. um probably South Florida and the Northeast. The Northeast, but everywhere else in the United States, you'll find that 50 to 150,000 a unit. You should be right in that pocket zone. I mean, there'll be some other areas, but you know, generally speaking, the other states, you can find it, but South Florida probably tough. I mean, maybe, but tough. Um, Northeast, really tough. And then California, no way. Um, I mean, unless you're in like a neighborhood that you need a shotgun, then maybe maybe you get it. Um, but that would be that. Um, so does that make sense? Thumbs up in the chat if that makes sense because most of these deals we're even looking at here are in there. So like that one there, and we'll call on another one here now. Um, because this one's at 147,000 a door, right? 10 units 147,000 probably not going to work but it's you know good starting point. Um this one here with these watts guys. Let's click on this one. Been on forever. Uh got it 28 units, eight on the perform cap but million9 and it's located three locations. Okay. Uh so Birmingham. Okay. Birmingham, Alabama. Got it. Interesting. I like that location. That's a good one. Let's pull up the other ones here. Oh, it doesn't let me zoom in and stuff too much. Okay, but that's nice. Uh listing. How do I go back to the listing? Click on it. No. So those are the three locations of the properties. So you got Chip Watts and David Watts. This is probably a son father team. Nice. So it's called David the son first. The younger guy. Class B property. And it's been on a while. But interesting interesting. So you got 12 units, 28 units, and six units and 10 units. So they have four locations. Oh, I know they got these guys here. Got it. Strong occupancy across all three assets. Okay. All right. Let's see if David picks up. 205. Oops. Okay. Thank you for calling Watts Realy Company. To report a maintenance request, please visit our website at wattsrealtty.com and utilize our tenant portal for quicker maintenance service. Otherwise, please press six to record a maintenance request. To dial by name, press one. Or to dial by extension by using the on your touchtone phone, please enter the first or last name of the party you wish to reach. Press star at any time to return. &gt;&gt; To reach W A T S A N A R E B E C A. Press one to reach W A T S B I L L. Press two to reach W A T S C H I P. Press three. Your call is being transferred. &gt;&gt; We'll try We'll try Chip first. the voicemail of Chip. Chip is currently up. &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh a little hard to get a hold of because they have, you know, all the filters and stuff, but you can tell like I would definitely want to get these guys cell phone numbers. They're definitely players. So, you said Bruce, um they're pretty big players there in the in the Birmingham Yeah. But yeah, definitely those guys for sure. Uh you can tell that they're they're doing some stuff there. So, let's see if we can find some other stuff. Uh one of the biggest. Okay, cool. Chattanooga, Tennessee. Uh let's call on some other stuff here. Kingsport. That's probably that that's 25 units. KW unpriced with Matthews 46 units in Birmingham. Let's call Birmingham some more. Okay, nice. Caleb and Braxton 46 unit been on 70 days. Okay, got it. All right, Caleb, let's go see if we can get get you. 205 Caleb, please leave. Okay, let's try Braxton. This is Braxton with Matthews Real Estate Investment Services. Sorry I missed your call. Please leave your name. &gt;&gt; Darn it. It's not too early to call them. What the heck's going on around here? Maybe they're in appointments. All right, let's keep going here. Um 16 units here. I want to see if it's the same guy. Uh, Andy Walker. Did I speak? Was it Andy? Yeah, it was Andy we spoke to there in Memphis. Um, GF Coast multifamily. Interesting. Mobile, Alabama. Mobile. All right, we can look at Mobile. This is 17 units. Nice property. Steve Row. 17 unit condos. Beautifully renovated. Top demographics in Mobile. Gotcha. I don't really want to go to Mobile, though. Um, let's look at this one. NI, Mr. Steven Harvey. All right, Stephen Matthews. Oh, I'm getting a call back here. Darn it. I don't know which property I just called you on. All right. Well, wait a second, then we'll call Steve. Uh, we got 9003 400 days. Hi, uh, Steve or Stephen. &gt;&gt; My name's Will. I've worked for Stephen. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Perfect. I was just trying to, I guess, get in touch with him on his listing on, uh, 2409 Woodland Road. That I think it's 48 units. &gt;&gt; Oh. Uh, yes, sir. That's actually with um, our associate broker, Jerry Brewer. He even shows as our primary contact, but then it brings us off to our Yeah, I'd be glad to put you through to Jerry. &gt;&gt; Okay, that'd be great. You said his name is Jeremy. &gt;&gt; Uh Jerry. &gt;&gt; Jerry. Jerry. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Yeah. Feel free to leave a voice message. &gt;&gt; Okay. Great. Thanks so much. Elevator music. &gt;&gt; Hi. If you record your name and reason for calling, I'll see if this person is available. &gt;&gt; No, Jerry. I need you to pick up your phone, Jerry. All right, we're gonna we're gonna get somebody to pick up here. We're gonna just keep dialing. Uh Clarksville, Tennessee. Let's check out these guys. Somebody's picking up. Somebody likes us today. There we go. Your call has been forwarded to voicemail. The person you're trying to reach is not available. &gt;&gt; Jeez, I hope they're all out selling. All right, let's keep going. Here we go. How much is this one? eight units. Okay. Class C. This one's in Alabama. Yeah. Decator, Alabama. Got it. Class C. Perfect. Okay. This is Shane with Marv Commercial Real Estate. If you would leave your name and number, &gt;&gt; they probably think I'm spamming them. Hold on a second. Um, &gt;&gt; hey Mark. Uh, my name's Justin. I'm with Brennan Pulley Capital. I was actually calling you guys on I think it's your eight unit on Lafayette Street there in Decar, Alabama. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yeah, I know it's been on a while, but I'm just I guess trying to get some updates on not updates, but info on that one and seeing if you guys have other stuff similar under 30 units, you know, that you guys may be working on. &gt;&gt; Working on a lost. &gt;&gt; Can you hear me now? &gt;&gt; I can't hear you. Just when you say, "Can you hear me?" And I I could hear. Can you hear me now? &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Okay. You can hear me now. Okay, though. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I was just trying to get some info on this property. Um I know it's been on a while. Um and trying to see what uh you know what other stuff you guys may be working on there in the market too that are similar to this one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Is that what you you like you like properties that are 30 or less but multif family? &gt;&gt; Correct. That's right. Yeah. So, ideally 10 to 30 unit deals, you know, B and C class. Um, you know, within, you know, decent markets and stuff like that that, you know, we can add some value to. &gt;&gt; Okay. That is probably the one that I have right now. I mean, I know it's a little bit short of your 10, but it's, you know, relatively close, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. They have they have another property that's pretty similar in that area that like with the right deal they probably would let both of them go. But um they they've I mean you know you can imagine we've had a ton of offers. Um but they're pretty firm on they want what they want. You know what I mean? So, like I'm not saying they won't negotiate any, but I'm saying that they're, you know, people are people are trying to get them way cheaper than where we're at. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? And they and they just they're not going to they're not going to do that. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah. I mean, I guess it comes down to the financials support it, right? Um and and I don't I don't know that because I haven't looked at the financials in detail, but um are they are the owners using the financials to come up with their value? &gt;&gt; Um you're talking about like the ROI and all that. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about net operating income. No, no, I'm talking about net NOI over a cap rate. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Not not as much because I'll tell you they they they're not good, right? because they put like &gt;&gt; they put some major like electrical upgrades and stuff like that in there that like you know are are hurting those you know over the last year or two pretty bad. So I think they're putting more of a value in on them on like we want x amount of dollars per door &gt;&gt; speak. Um you mean I mean that's what I would say. Um, so you know, across the river, you're probably going to be, you know, at or higher than where we're at. &gt;&gt; These, I mean, we may be a little high on them. I'm not saying we are, we aren't, but I'm saying it like, you know, I think that's what they're, you know, eight doors. I think we're 750 now. You know, they're $100,000 a door or less. I think that's kind of the way they're I think that's kind of the way they're they're looking at it. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Right. Yeah. And that's, you know, that's cute. Uh, but just trying to, you know, do they realize how you buy apartments or do they just not care? &gt;&gt; Uh, I'm not gonna say they I'm not gonna say they don't realize it. I'm not going to say they don't care. I'm just going to say that they, you know, they they have their story the way they like to tell it, you know what I mean? Sure. And I, you know, I I get it. You know what I mean? I understand all sides of it, right? like they they they would just they bought it three or four years ago, you know what I mean? Like they they they might would have preferred to be in something different now. And so they're trying to get the capital loose, but like &gt;&gt; they you know, their feeling is they're not giving it away, right? Like right, you can't go back and build it. You can't build new, you know what I mean? Like I mean there's no no shot in the world to build it new. So, like that's why they're pretty firm on, you know, like they want to get out what they want to get out. You know what I mean? Like they're not going to use your traditional like we we're gonna get a positive a cap. You know what I mean? I'm And you know, and that's the number. They're not they're not gonna they're just not going to go down that road. I mean, &gt;&gt; right. Yeah, I got it. &gt;&gt; I'm not saying I'm not saying you as a buyer can't go down that road. I'm saying they're not because they just, you know, if if you got a 1031 exchange, if you got some things like that, like, you know, there's there's some benefits, some other ways that that's probably more what they're what they're trying to hold to capitalize off of. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. Yeah. Basically, you need somebody that doesn't want to make money. They just need to park. &gt;&gt; Well, well, you need somebody that's going to be 100% cash or darn near close to it, right? That that don't want to pay taxes, you know what I mean? and and they can make a light shining change if you're this deal does not work well at 80 to 85% financing it just don't it don't get there &gt;&gt; right yeah understood yeah and and we typically don't underwrite that way we're usually underwriting at 70 to 65% financing but yeah e even with that you know there has to be fundamentals you know based on interest rates today and stuff so that's but that's why it hasn't sold and that's okay I mean they're going to hold on to it for a long time and you know that's fine Fine. Is there anything else that kind of you're like you said that you may you're working on coming up? Because we're looking to purchase, you know, we'd love to to do that through you uh if we can find some opportunities. But yeah, we definitely need to underwrite on fundamentals, you know, to where, you know, we're bringing in 30% equity, you know, 70% loan based on today's interest rates of probably six and a half based on this market where you're at. So, and you know, you're going to need to be in the mid- teens on your IRR. Um, you know, and that's just standard apartment underwriting. &gt;&gt; I get it. I don't I don't I mean, you know, you call me tomorrow, I may have three. You call me today, I don't have anything right now. You know what I mean? I don't have anything right now. We we move, you know, a fair amount of apartments. I'm not going to say we are, you know, that's not our sole focus is is listing and selling apartments. So, like we're not the absolute, you know, get every apartment that comes through, but we've, you know, we've sold our fair share of them over the last five, six years. Um, but I don't currently have any talks with anybody in that 10 to in that 10 to 30, you know, apartment range. I've got a couple that are in the future that like they're talking about maybe selling them, but like they're again, they're new construction, you know what I mean? and like they ain't even nowhere near close to these numbers, you know, because like they they might can garner a little bit higher rent but not &gt;&gt; not a lot. You know what I mean? So like while these numbers on ROI may not be great. Those are definitely not going to be great. You mean and I've kind of already told the guy like, you know, you got to kind of you got to kind of be prepared for that. You know, he's like, "But they're brand new and that's what I got in them." I'm like, "Yeah, I know." You know, I mean, and and I know it's going to be hard to get out of if that's what you want if you want to get out of them because you know I mean your rents are only so much so &gt;&gt; yeah know and it once again like you said it comes down to who's the buyer um you know most most buyers not all but most need to underwrite based on fundamentals whereas what you're looking for like with these guys is somebody that just wants to park money 1031 they're not really going to you you know, but at the same time, and kind of, and I'm sure these guys understand this, I mean, if someone's going to park 1031 money and not have a good cash flow, &gt;&gt; they're sure as heck not coming to Decatur, Alabama. They're going to go &gt;&gt; Well, that's what I'm saying. The cash flow is starting to improve. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? But but like the the the the the documentation of showing that the cash flow is improving. Yeah. You know, I mean, it's it's hard because like I think in 24 they brought in, you know, $65,000, but you know, 45 or 40,000 went straight out into um major electrical upgrades. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; So, you know, like the net, you know, like and then I didn't count anything else, right? Like the net looks like you know what I mean? &gt;&gt; I got it. &gt;&gt; And I could I could try to put I can try to spin it, make it be better what it is, but like it ain't right. But but like you know, okay, you know, you ain't gonna do that work probably ever again now, &gt;&gt; right? Well, yeah, that's that's that's a capex. That wouldn't be operations. &gt;&gt; So, you know, but but I mean it hurts the it hurts the numbers that year, right? So, &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Got it. Yeah. Well, yeah, I'd love to love to stay in touch with you. I'll shoot you my uh my email and yeah, if you have stuff coming up and anything in that 10 to 30 unit range, we'd love to be considered for it. &gt;&gt; Okay, man. I appreciate you calling. &gt;&gt; You bet. Thanks, Mark. &gt;&gt; Thanks, man. Byebye. &gt;&gt; All right, that was fun. Uh, what' you guys think of that one? That was interesting. I need your feedback. Help me out with the feedback. Um, yeah, that was an interesting one. uh you he's definitely cool guy, right? He's just he's doing the best he can, right, with that property because it's obviously not something that makes any sense, but that's not the point. Uh I did want to kind of set the tone with him and then uh build a rapport, you know, because Mark seems like a cool guy. Uh he was understanding. I mean, like say he's not trying to, you know, spend too much. Um, and he he knows that it just workually, but it's like if that's the case, like, you know, I mean, you're because you're not should do is they should pull it off of the websites so that way the brokers have it in their pocket and they can get out there and share it with their databases and people because yeah, having it sit on Crexy for 470 days, not to mention the horrendous photos they have. I mean, for the love of God, like, come on, guys. You know, you just don't show units like this. I mean, it looks like it's homeless. It's all right, Mark. I know. Maybe you're not the lead on it. Who knows? Uh, you can take better cell phone pictures. Yes, you can, Bill. Yes, you can. Uh, horrible. But it's all right. I mean, these are good conversations, but the point being behind it and the reason I'm doing these calls for everyone is to kind of show you the nuance that can go on with them. And, you know, just at the end of the day, I'm trying to make a connection. I'm going to I'm going to text him my uh email and he's and if I were in, you know, the Alabama market looking hard, like he would go into my little database and I'm going to be just popping little texts to him now and again. So that way when I go into that market, right, and do that market setup, I need to meet with a few brokers to get set up in that market, right? when you're doing your market setup and and and meet them in face to face because that's when it goes from a phone call and a Zoom and stuff like that to a real human that now okay I feel comfortable sending you deals like that I'm getting that maybe aren't on the websites just yet type stuff. Um and that's why you do it and of course like you know they're not the major players in that market and that's okay. Um, the whole point was to start setting it up and you do want to find those guys. So that's why it's, you know, using these little logos as your guide to get into the people that are doing, you know, the most of the transactions is important and then getting out there into that market and meeting them and making it happen and not being um uh intimidated uh by them at all because I mean they're they're people just like you and you don't need to hide behind the fact you're newer. you know, you need to leverage the fact that you're newer and you have a good support team, right? And you're you're being represented and backed up. But hence the reason why we set up the websites, we set up the CRM, we do the business side of it, we make you look like you have clout, we add us as a strategic partner for you. We give you an advisory board and a team. We get everything set up. We set up the capital foundation to where we have lenders and all the people in our back end that you're introducing yourself to, getting soft quotes from those lenders. So that way you have that teed up for deals that you're working on. Do a mock deal that goes out to your database. Let the brokers, let the lenders, let everybody see that you're serious about this, you know, business that you're doing because it's not a hobby. You know, you've set up an entire business that now you and your family are using to grow your net worth, generational wealth, passive income, all these things that we're all striving for every day. But that's why you've set it up. And the brokers need to see that because when they do now all of a sudden the ones that you couldn't get in touch with now are saying, "Hey, we see everything you're doing. I know you're newer, but we're going to give you a shot based on what we're seeing." So, um, yes, Scott. Yeah, we'll check that this morning when we get off here. Appreciate that. You bet. Um, well, yeah, that's all I had for today. I wanted to really focus today on calling brokers and trying to get as many on the phone as we could. Unfortunately, many of them didn't. I, you know, it's funny now I'm getting called back by several of them. Um, so I'll I'll reach out to him. But yeah, any last kind of questions uh for this today before we sign off, but I want to kind of keep motivating you guys to to get out there and call the brokers, set the appointments, get on the ground with your market trips and get in there to meet the brokers, meet the lenders, meet the property managers, tour the areas, get comfortable with the neighborhoods and everywhere that you're looking to invest. that that's critical that we kind of take it from the virtual world into the boots on the ground world. Um it'll make it seem more real for you too. So um that came in here. I see Sarah in here. Awesome. Oscar, good to see you. Um one of the properties you called on previously had a note stating master leased not uh uh uh master leased to nonprofit. I noticed it and curious what your thoughts are on this. Um, I don't really have a problem with that per se. Um, as long as they're paying a fair rent, right? If it's to a nonprofit and they're paying a market rent, then you just have a master lease, right, for the property, that's okay. And they're paying a market rent and then you have to just look at the terms of that lease. I'm not completely against that. It's like having one tenant on that property that you can bank on and then depending on the terms and the length of that lease, uh, could be very good. As long as it has rent increases built into it and stuff like that, so you can grow the revenue on the property, then that can be a very nice investment. Yeah. Yeah. As long as there's rent bumps and depending on how long the lease has left on it, but it'll all come down to the terms. For sure. For sure. Awesome, everybody. Well, yeah. Have a great rest of your Thursday and if you have any questions, let us know. Send the deals into our team. We're going to help you review them and send out those LOIs. I mean, you know, we're popping out LOIs left and right, right? Just because we know we need to write 20 of them to get one. And so, you just have to understand that it is a numbers game. Not getting attached to that LOI. Just pop it out, underwrite it back into a number that makes sense. Send out the LOI. Follow up with the broker to say, "Hey, I sent you an LOI. It's aggressive, but I want to chat with you about the numbers because I'm basing it on the numbers I have and use that as your lure to have deeper conversations, okay, with the brokers because that that's how you're going to break through. But you got to use the, you know, this conversation to have look at deals, underwrite, send offers in, and then follow up with the brokers to talk about those offers and let them kind of tell you where your numbers are wrong. And it's usually going to be in the expenses. Usually they're going to try and push back on the expense numbers that you have and your economic loss number, right? Where you're using probably 8 to 15% depending on the market. Uh they're going to want to push back on that just because that's what they do. But they know darn well you're the only place on planet on the United States of America that you're going to operate at a five to six% economic loss would be in very tight markets like California, South Florida, the Northeast. I mean that's about it. and may I mean maybe some really really tiny urban markets mixed into some of these states but very rare. So everything else is going to be at least 8% economic loss at least upwards to 15 depending on your market. Okay. Um okay. All right everybody have a great rest of your Thursday. Appreciate it.