Hello, hello. Good to see everybody in here. All the smiley faces coming on in. Good to see you, Bill. Welcome in. Good to see you. You can mute yourselves as you're coming on in. That would be great. And then I will wait just a minute here and we'll kind of get going. Little bit of a treat for you guys today. As you know, as I kind of mentioned, we're going to start bringing on some folks, either vendors who are either in the the space of the lending, the inspection side, due diligence, like all the different areas that you're going to need when you're buying the apartments. But also wanted to kind of showcase as a lot of you are doing or will be doing is you know, how would you actually pitch your deal? And what would the process look like? Whether you know, you're doing the summary video that happens when you're going through the road map phase of kind of the mock deal. And I'll kind of bring, you know, this road map thing up again just to remind some of you. And then we'll wait just a minute and we'll kind of get going. But really along the lines of this, you know, this road map that a lot of you are on, you know, in your in this capital foundation stage, where you're doing the soft commitments and you're kind of doing a mock deal and all that, where you're putting together a pitch deck, summary video, the landing page for the property, so that way it can then be spread out to people you know, people even in the community, and so forth. All right, that's kind of that initial capital foundation stage. But to give you a perfect example of what's going on right now is we have Rory in here with the community and he's teamed up with Hayden and Matt. And they're doing a Is it 36 units, Roy? This one is 28 units. 20 units. Okay, got it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um But yeah, you know, they're going out raising some money right now and going through the process. So, I wanted to kind of talk through that and I'm going to let you know, Roy kind of speak in terms as though it's going down. Um So, that way you guys can kind of see how it would be played and how the pitch deck would be presented and how you'd kind of talk about the deal in general. And then you could deal with Q&amp;A if you were in like a live little webinar. Cuz these things happen all the time where you get on like a little live mini webinar like this with 15, 20 people and you could talk about your deal. You invited people in. Don't have to be family and friends. Could be anybody. But that happens. We do those things all the time. All the time. Um So, Roy, you're going to introduce yourself to everybody. Then I'm going to have William, who's new to the community, introduce himself. Um trying to think if there's anybody else in here that's brand spanking new to introduce yourselves. Not at the moment, but we'll see if they come on in. So, but yeah, Roy, go ahead and say hi and then I'll have Bill you uh All right, do you want to go by Is it uh um Sorry, not not William. What do you go by normally? Sorry. Yeah, I go by Brian. I'm actually trying to fix it now. &gt;&gt; Brian. Wait, that's your That's your middle name, right? Yeah. Okay, awesome. So, yeah, I'll have you introduce yourself here in just a second. So, uh Roy, you can go right ahead. &gt;&gt; Yeah, hi everyone. My name is Roy Lee. I've been in the program for God, it's been almost about a year now. Um we I'm currently working and this is our second deal that we're putting through together. I actually have partnered up with uh Hayden Durr and Matt Erakat me um uh through Justin's group. Um I had bought a bunch of single-family homes in the Kansas City area. Uh and it just wasn't working for me the returns that I was getting. So, I joined Justin's program, tried to do it on myself, but then quickly realized that you know, it's it's quite overwhelming, so I I partnered up with Matt and Hayden, which were buying a property in Kansas City, and you know, we've built that relationship to now we're, you know, close friends. We talk every day, and and it's just been a great experience, and um my background I was in insurance for 20 years. Uh I live in actually in Hawaii, so it's proof you can do this from anywhere in the world. Right now, I'm in an airport flying back uh to one from one of the islands, but yeah, that's kind of my story. Awesome, man. I appreciate you sharing it. Uh and then Bryant, yeah, if you want to kind of just introduce yourself in general, cuz you're you're brand new. Yeah, literally got signed up with everything today. Yeah, uh Bryant Robertson. Uh if you see any emails or anything official, it'll have William in there, but it is me. Um I'm a Marine vet. I work for a company currently called Broadcom. Uh and I uh I'm also a bodybuilder, so uh a little bit about me. Um really trying to look to pivot and uh you know, Broadcom's a great company. They pay really well, but they also fire people like it's nobody's business, and I don't like having that hanging over my head. So, I'm looking to uh to get schooled up on this as quickly as possible, and you know, uh look forward to the mentorship and uh people I meet. Awesome, man. Awesome. Yeah, and when you get in the chat, introduce yourself, we'll introduce you in there um so we can, you know, connect, because that's ultimately how things get done is through relationships and collaboration. Um you know, the Zooms are great and all that stuff, but trying to get as in person as possible, which is why we have the live events, and then we also have the stuff in San Diego, and trying to connect people as much as possible physically, so. Um so, yeah, Rory, if you want to kind of I think it should let you share your screen. If not, I will make sure it does. I think it does. Oh, wait, send request. It will allow you. There you go. Um we'll kind of treat it as though yeah, you were just talking to a group of folks. And you're going to be talking about like the deal and kind of walking through it uh in real time. Can everybody see my screen? We can now. Okay, great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can everybody see his screen? And once again, I apologize for the auto. I'm talking from a restaurant in the airport, so it might have some background or you might not be able to hear me, but uh I'll try to do my best to to run through this as smoothly as possible. So, um this is our current project that we are on the tail end of our raise. Um we It's called Millwood Townhomes is the name of the project. It's in a suburb of Kansas City, East Kansas City, uh called Blue Springs, which uh is a class A, class B suburb about 15 minutes, 15-20 minutes east of the metro of Kansas City. Now, I'll kind of go over the uh the map a little bit further in our slides, but Millwood Townhomes is a 28-unit townhome property. There's excuse me, 20 two-bedroom, one and a half baths and eight one and eight one-bedroom, one baths. Um there are six buildings that kind of consist that look similar to this building that's on our first page of our deck. But just to give you some background on information on this, um our second um well, actually my first deal that I partnered with with Hayden and Matt, that was their second syndication. Um we had purchased a property in the North Kansas City area um from the same owner back in July. Um the owner that we bought it from is um one of the largest multi-family owners in in the Kansas City area. He probably owns close to 5,000 doors. He's selling He's unloading all of his properties that were um under 50 units. So, um we picked up that property from him last year. Uh we're executing on our plan on that property. It was a smooth transition. We're We're able to close. So, when he had this property, he was bringing this property to market in um in October, he first brought it out out brought it out to us off-market at 3.5 million. Um we've pretty much negotiated with him for 6 months on this deal, and we got it We went under contract in March for 3.3 million on this property over here. And it it prevents It presents us with a big opportunity because because he has so much doors, and he hasn't really paid attention to a lot of his um his his smaller, quote-unquote, properties. He hasn't really pushed rents. He hasn't renovated a bunch of them. And it just And he has honestly, it's been kind of the property management that he has kind of, you know, to be frank, kind of sucks that hasn't really um you know, maximized the potential of this uh asset. So, it it was a really good opportunity, and we're very familiar with with with the neighborhood. So, um it was something that we we saw as a great opportunity. But, anyway, just to kind of give you a quick layout. So, there's there's six buildings like this. Each of these There's four buildings that have this layout where you have the stairs that are one-bedroom, one-bath units over here. Uh they're about 750 sq ft uh single single-story uh units. And then if you look I don't know if you guys can see my cursor, but in the middle there's a door over here. There's a door to the right, and around the corner of this chimney. Those are all two-bedroom, two-bath upstairs, downstairs units. Two-bedroom &gt;&gt; Sorry Sorry to interrupt you. So, they're townhomes? Those are They're townhome styles. Yes. Yes. So, they're upstairs, downstairs units on these two bedrooms here. So, you go in, there's a living room and a big spacious kitchen and a half bath and a washer and dryer hookups. And upstairs, there's a two good-sized bedrooms and a full bathroom upstairs. So, there's There's four buildings like this and then the other two buildings don't have the the one bedrooms. They're just four two-bedroom units. And I'll show you a picture of what that looks like going forward. Yes, if you want to skip through from because this is a great image, by the way. Do you have any aerials and then showing um kind of the general offer in the kind of capital stack? &gt;&gt; Yeah, okay. Okay. I'll skip through that. Uh Uh I'll just I'll just breeze through this real quick. It's basically um Um the investment opportunity provides both passive income and profit share for private investors. We're raising a point uh 1.025 in equity for this property. Um we've already raised about about 800,000. Um minimum investment is 50,000. We plan to renovate the uh 28 units. We stabilize rents over 18 months um with a 5-7 year hold. Uh cash cash distributions are paid to investors on a quarterly basis. Targeted annualized return is 18% plus with a 7% preferred return and a 7.6 uh cash on cash. We actually just got a revision on our quote um for our insurance, which is about $5,000 cheaper. So, with those That was just like 2 days ago. Um our actually uh ARR bumps up to about 19% and our cash on cash is just over 8%. So, really solid numbers here. Um this is the aerial view of the property here. Uh uh okay, right here. So, there's there's um six buildings here. It's right across the street from this gated community. Um this lake is called Lake Tapawingo. Um it's This is a gated This is our homes, million-dollar homes. Uh well, maybe not million-dollar homes. Sorry. I'm used to Hawaii prices, but very nice homes with uh you know, essentially docks on the lake that's right across the street. Around over here is about a 15-acre park. You can't really see the whole park. You know, it has you know, basketball courts, pickleball courts, baseball fields. Um this right here is a uh uh um a skate park and you know, it's just a And right up the street, about 5 minutes up the street is the high school and the elementary. So, it's a really good situated neighborhood. Um I just want to get back to the map over here just so you can kind of understand where Blue Springs is um on the map. So, Blue Springs, this where it says Kansas City over here, that's the metro. Blue Springs is about 15 to 20 minutes east of of Kansas City. Just go on this I-70. You take the Northwood Chapel exit, and you're about 5 minutes down the road, and you're right in this, you know, very nice neighborhood that's right over here. &gt;&gt; Rory, I haven't been out to that area yet. Just uh east of um you know, the stadium there, Arrowhead. Uh how is that neighborhood area? Like, would you classify it as a Is it a B? Is it an A? Is it a &gt;&gt; A solid B, maybe my It's the number one school district in Jackson County. Okay. So, it's a very, very good neighborhood. Yeah. You know, it's not like uh you know, uh mansions or anything like that, but a very super solid, very desirable area. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, cuz that's that's that's one of the things I I always say don't ever sacrifice is location, right? Because then it doesn't really matter what you do to the property or how you improve it. If you can't get people to live there safe, then you can't really move rents that well, and you're going to suffer, you know, long term. So, that's good. I mean, as long as you're in a at least a B area, then you're good. Oh, yeah, it's a it's a solid B. Some people were saying it's an A, but I'd say like a B plus, you know what I mean? Uh but I agree, you can't renovate the neighborhood. Yes, let's look at the let's look at this investment opportunity slide on the capital stack, cuz this is an important one right there. Okay, so we have a seven We're issuing a 7% preferred return. The split is an 80/20 split. 80 to the um LPs, 20 to the general partners. Our projected annual return is anywhere from 18 to 20% from our pro forma. It actually pans out to 19%. The equity multiple, it actually comes out to 2.25. With our new rejection um um insurance, it's probably a little bit higher. The total equity that we're requiring um that we're raising is 1.025 million. Um and our projections are based on a uh a 5 to 7-year hold, but our projections are all on the um spreadsheet. It's at a 7-year hold. Got it. Yeah. Beautiful. You want me to go down more? Uh yeah, keep going through this part here, so I can see kind of how it flows. &gt;&gt; is the pretty much the the overview. So, again, Millwood Townhomes, 28 uh units, 22 bedrooms, eight one and a half bedrooms, uh eight one ones, uh A-rated school district. I kind of went over all this, but on the left side, we're buying it right now. We're going in at a 6.1% cap. That's our purchase cap right now. Our projections are based on a 6.6 cap. So, we're not On our projections, we're we're trying to be very conservative. We're not compressing the cap. Um &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're going to um so, let me understand then stop you here. So, uh you're projecting when you go to sell it, Correct. &gt;&gt; cap rate that you're going to sell at is going to be 6.6. Is that what you're saying? Correct, yes. Yeah, you're you're going to beat that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You're going to mean meaning I think you'll be at a six or below. But let's call it flat six. &gt;&gt; to be super conservative. I appreciate that. It's hard for me to explain that to a lot of people, but you know, um we try to be conservative on our numbers. &gt;&gt; Yeah, because it's very rare that you would go in at a lower cap rate than you exit with. Yeah. &gt;&gt; just saying that maybe you keep it even, but either way, if your numbers are are where they are now at that 6.6 you're going to I can tell you right now you're going to beat that with Kansas City and the growth that's going on there. Um you'll be at a six. Yeah. Yeah, that's very reassuring to hear coming from you. So, um the projected eight exit is at 4. Uh just under 5 million, 4.92 million. Uh projected at a 175 a door. We're buying it at 120 just under 120 a door, which is less than replacement cost on the property. Again, our hold period is 5.7 years. The loan amount is 2.68 million, which is our 75 uh 25% down plus our renovation built into the loan. Our renovation budget is 275,000. We have an interest rate a five-year fixed interest rate at 6.16%. Two years interest only. Our average DSCR is 1.45 and our loan to cost is 75%. That's great. Yeah, that's a good loan. Are you getting it from Who are you getting it from the loan? So it's it's um it's from the same lender. It's a community bank, the same lender that lend us on Cherry Street. So &gt;&gt; Is it Is it CoreFirst? Is it CoreFirst? Um it's um No, it's not I can't believe I can't think of the name right now. I got so much things on &gt;&gt; But either way, so so it's a local bank, which is very common for small property like this uh in the region um to do it. So even if you just so everybody in here understands, if you're using any of the capital partners we provide you with in the back end of the system in that vendors and systems PDF download. They're going to end up going out. &gt;&gt; happy with us. What's that? They were very happy with how our first project is with them and how it's performing. So, &gt;&gt; it was really I mean, that was probably the simplest part of the whole thing is getting the the loan. Yeah, correct. And you know, and and but I I guess the point I'm trying to make is whether you build it locally like you guys have or you use the capital partners in the back end of our system, they're still going to be going to these local banks. So, the benefit of you Yeah, the benefit of you getting into that market and building it personally is you're bypassing a 1% fee. Right? Cuz you're not paying you're not paying a broker fee to go out there and you know, blanket the market. So, just so everybody understands, the benefit of being local and building it direct with the bank versus using a broker to do it is you're going to save a 1% loan origination fee. Just FYI. So. Awesome. Yeah. Yeah, let me go forward. Uh this is actually the meat and potatoes of our our business plan right here. Um This is there's the These are the current average rents that um the one bedrooms are getting 1,004 and the two bedrooms are currently average averaging 1,040. So, I mean, this is kind of proof that he hasn't really managed it cuz I think most people would pay $36 more a month for a two-bedroom. Um our pro forma is based on getting the rents on the one bedroom and the one bath up to 1,150. And um the two-bedroom one and a half baths up to 1,325. And we have a slide further where we can show you some rental comps that we we got about four or five rental comps from people that um that we visited that are all within a mile to 2 mile radius that are actually over these numbers, but we're Again, we try to be conservative on our our numbers that we're we're uh we're plugging into our formula. Question for you. Sure. The two-bedroom, one and a half bath, is that half bath does it have any kind of shower in it, or is it just a sink and a toilet? Yeah, it's just a sink and a toilet. It's just a It's a full half bath. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is there potential to add a shower at all? &gt;&gt; Um I I don't think so. It might It would probably might It possibly could. That's a good idea because the back of that that um that bathroom, I think, butts up to the the um washer and dryer hookup, so there could possibly be something. And that's I don't think we've even ever thought of that, but Yeah, you know, these are just different ways to add value, right? A two-two versus a two-one and a half, I'm just telling you is not that it's going to make that big of a difference, but it's nice It will make a good difference on your value. Now, number one, number two, I was going The next question was, does it have washer-dryer connections? I think it sounds the answer is yes. Yeah, there is There is a washer-dryer hookup in there. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Great. One of the things that we found with our property manager, like in the Midwest, people bring their own washer and dryers, but we found with a lot of our property managers that, you know, one of the things we're going to do to value add is maybe provide, you know, provide them with a washer and dryer, bump up the rents, you know, 50 bucks to uh to &gt;&gt; Can I Can I make another suggestion for you? Sure. Uh don't do that. Instead, there are um companies called Appliance Warehouse and a few others out there that they will rent directly to the tenants. Okay. &gt;&gt; And they'll handle all the maintenance. Cuz the problem you're going to run into, what a lot of people do, when you provide the appliance that washer dryer appliance, is it's going to break down. Yeah, there's going to be maintenance &gt;&gt; staff is going to want to murder you by, you know, the time you're done with that thing. So, my suggestion would be to &gt;&gt; good I was kind of thinking of worrying about that, too. Yeah. Yeah, is you you can have the third-party companies, they can provide the washer dryers on a rental basis, and then you could even make a $5 bump on it, meaning they charge you, the community, 40 bucks a month, you charge the tenant 45 or something, right? &gt;&gt; There are ways to work that in. We do that in a lot of spots. Um just keep that in mind. Okay. I'll definitely bring that to that meeting and we'll we'll look at that idea. Um this is the kind of the um renovation budget, you know, what we planned and some of the plans. Again, our renovation budget's 275,000, closing costs 132. We're going to spend about 200 grand on the interior. The exterior, uh we have uh um we're going to pump about 40,000 in the exterior, and 25,000 we have in contingencies. Okay? So, the renovation timeline is currently 26 of the 28 units are already rented out, so it's cash flowing already. Um so, we're going to renovate it over an 18- to 24-month period. Uh the first thing we're we're closing on this on Tuesday. We're I'm flying up there Tuesday night. We're we're working on the exterior, you know, new property signage. The signage is is in like the bushes behind, you know, on a it's on on a great street, so we're going to design a modern style, put it in the front, curb appeal, landscaping, painting, you know, um if you notice in the pictures, there's there's like a dumpster that's like right when you drive in that's like the wood fence around it's like falling down. We're just going to fix all that stuff, paint, you know, put new lights on there. Just, you know, things that don't cost that much, but just get the outside looking really sharp, so people can feel proud about their living situation. &gt;&gt; signage, paint, and lighting will do wonders. Yeah. Do what? &gt;&gt; Interior just cosmetic interior just cosmetic upgrades, you know, stainless steel appliances, we have uh vendors that can refinish the countertops like it looks like it's stone countertops, [clears throat] LVP flooring, washers and dryers, um paint. So, we're going to take your, you know, and just modern like just freshen it up and and renovate it. Yeah. Um this again is just kind of the the investment Highlands. Again, the purchase price is 3.3. Um we're putting down 1.025. Our renovation budgets, it has, you know, this is this was all in the other slide, so I'll be happy to share this with anybody. Um this is how the two-bedroom the the units with four two-bedrooms look at like. So, you know, this is, you know, what's wrong with this picture? You got black door, black door, black door, and red door. You know, day one we're going to come in make these things all matching and look at look nice. the place. Again, this is the overview of the uh the aerial shot of the um the the property. It looks kind of barren right now cuz it's in the it's in the winter. There's no leaves on the tree, but uh um it looks much nicer in the spring. But anyway, this is the this is how the units look like right now. Um these are taken from rental listings that was previously uh listed on Zillow. Yeah. So, you know, as you can see, it's just it's a 1980s build. It's just dated, you know what I mean? You have brown cabinets, you know, you know, kind of old uh appliances, you know, this kind of ugly tile floor. So, we're going to come in here just paint everything, you know, a nice bright color, paint all the cabinets white, put handles on the cabinet, resurface the the countertops, and put stainless steel um appliances inside there. Just get it real freshened up. So, about five of them have kind of been partially renovated, so um some of them already have LVP or hardwood floors, so if it's still in good shape, we're not going to like replace it, but you know, we'll just get it get it going. So, FYI, I'm just looking at this photo and for everybody on here from renovation type stuff, uh you want to use LVT, LVT, not LVP. LVP is uh luxury vinyl plank, meaning it hooks together. It clicks. Right? So, if this floor was an LVP, if you had a repair that was in the middle of the floor, you'd have to rip up the entire floor to get to that one plank. Okay? Whereas, if it's LVT, it's like a glue down. Oh, okay. Right? Individual tile glue down, right? &gt;&gt; be a typo, yeah. So, just so you know, it's much faster and easier to repair cuz you can repair one little tile. So, just for the future, if you're doing it. Another great thing, just so you know, Roy, you can talk to your installers, you don't need to bust up all that tile if you're going to put LVT on it. Okay? What they can do is they can come over and they can put a um Subfloor. a layered uh kind of a floor sealant they put down. It's like it's like a almost like a a thin layered cement. Right. They'll go right over the top of that tile, and then you'll lay your LVT down right on top of that to keep it all level and stuff, but that'll keep you from having to demo and jack up all that tile. Oh, yeah, yeah, I agree. Okay. So, just these little things from speed and cost, uh you know, you don't need to you don't necessarily need to bust up all that tile if you're going to replace it. You can go right over the top of that with an LVT. So, just so you know. Yeah. &gt;&gt; that's that's great. Yeah, so um this is just more pictures of the the the kitchen. That's the washer and dryer uh hookups inside there. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Pretty good size bedrooms, you know, a lot of these bedrooms have carpet. if they're nice, we're not going to replace them, you know, we'll just replace them as needed. Uh but just paint, you know, and Yeah, just Yeah, just Yeah, I was going to say, you just go with the agreeable gray walls, you go with white cabinetry, and you do white trim and everything on your doors and everything. Um and that should be great. I mean, it's like you said, it's super clean. Um Yeah. This is kind of the market overview of Kansas City and Blue Springs. You know, positive rent growth, low unemployment, population growing growing up. The median income in Blue Springs is just under 90,000. It's actually about 20 little over 20,000 higher than the greater Kansas City area. So, you know, it has a higher median income in in that area. And the vacancy rate is uh is a you know, a good vacancy rate that we have over here. Got it. Um this is just more demographics of the the the market. Um this is pretty much the proof in the pudding where we get our our pro forma from. So, if you look at Burr Oaks and The Lodges, this is a classic units that is our competition all within a 1 to 2 mile radius. And, you know, we visited these places during our inspections, and these are more renovated units. So, the two top units right here, they're getting anywhere from about 1,200 to 1,250 on the classic units. So, if we do nothing at all, we should get it probably be up to this level. But what we're going to try to do is get it more looking like this. Yeah. Um they're getting about 1,400 to 1,425. So, our pro forma, we're just trying to keep it, you know, maybe just under our Obviously, we Yeah, you're at 1,350. We keep it really conservative. Okay. Yeah, that I mean, that that's fair. Yeah, that that uh that King King's Regence Arbor Apartments, I mean, yeah, simple, like you said, you could You mean, you probably maybe don't even need to go stainless, but it'll be a nice finish if you do stainless. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll try to do some of them we'll we'll we'll try to like some of the appliances are all like not matching and stuff like that. So at least get it matching, you know what I mean? &gt;&gt; Yep. Um this is our final Do you want me to go into this a little bit or Probably don't need to as much. I mean, we've seen kind of the high-level financials. I mean, if if if an investor wanted to look into this in detail, they'd ask you to have you send over the the detailed financials. &gt;&gt; and expenses, you know what I mean? So um Yeah, so what's nice to see on that? Scroll back up just for 1 second. Number one, you see uh I think it's I don't know what line item it is. You see economic loss just under the gross annual rent number right there where it says economic loss, and then they have it the percentage. So you see how they're starting high at 15%, right? As they're doing renovations, and then they're staggering it down to about 10 to 8% for the economic loss number that they're taking off the gross revenue. That's important, right? Because if that number were too small, then I'd start questioning their underwriting. But because they they keep, you know, they kept it up at 15% cuz if you think about this for a minute, you're going to buy the building. Year one, right? You're doing some renovations. So you're going to have a little higher vacancy than you will, you know, once you're 24 months in. Right? So that's why they have their economic loss number a little higher, and then it drops down and it drops down, and then for years four through seven, they're they're humming. And you can you can hit those numbers there in in the Kansas City market, for sure. So. Yeah, I see you guys got an asset management fee of 2%. That's all fine. I really do believe you'll outperform your cap rate, but you know, to be determined. That'll be determined by interest rates, too. Yeah. But you know, we'll see. Yeah, we're hopeful. But everything else, rent growth at 3% fair to assume that. Um all the other numbers seem reasonable. So. Yeah. What are you estimating What is that as a percentage? You're I'm looking at your operating expense percentage. If you're at &gt;&gt; Operating expenses is &gt;&gt; Let's say you're 145 145,000 in expenses. Uh divided by say 420,000. Whoops. So may I mean you may want to just double check that. It seems a little low on your operating expenses at 34% Um on the effective gross income. You see how you're saying EGI number, your operating income number there? Yeah, now I do. Right at 419 and you're at 145,000 on your operating expenses, which is about 35%. Right. &gt;&gt; Seems a little low. I mean you could You're at a 19 What's the 80 85 or 80 What's the building age? &gt;&gt; It's a 80 80 So 1988? No, 1980. It's actually 1980. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 80. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, so you I mean you you could get away with 40% I think 35 is going to be a little light, but I may be wrong. All right? I mean technically if you go to the if you go to the deal analyzer that you guys have and everybody has it it gives you the the guideline in there of 35 to 40 some odd percent for a 1980 property or newer. Right. &gt;&gt; Which is where you should operate. So they're at the bottom end of that. So I just want to really dig into those numbers to double check them. Um But it's not crazy. I think you'll be closer to 40%, but I you know to be determined, right? Yeah. But I also think your cap rate's going to be lower. Yeah. So I just &gt;&gt; And hopefully I think our rents should be better, too. But we try to be conservative in that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, which is fair. Oh, yeah. Uh Let me see where I'm at right now on my analysis. I lost my mouse right here. Uh So, this is our, you know, our balance sheet. Uh this is an example of a $100,000 investment. You have your cash on cash. Uh and then, you know, getting paid throughout the the the project. Um and this is the amount in the event when we when we exit based on our projections, you'd have 53 in cash flow and 172 on exit. So, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, plus somebody bringing in 100k is going to get almost 100,000 in tax write-offs, too. Correct. &gt;&gt; Right? So, um that's the other kind of thing to push as well. But, listen, clearly the deal makes sense. You guys have already raised, you know, almost 800 grand. Yeah. Right? So, when you're This goes back to what we all talk about. If your deal can produce a 15-plus percent annualized return for your investors, let's call it 15 to 20%, and wipe out income taxes, you're going to raise some money. Because otherwise, people are stuck in a 401k, stock market, S&amp;P 500, maybe some crypto, whatever else they're in, probably earning an average of 8%, maybe 10% at best if you really look at the averages. So, for them to be able to come into, you know, pretty risk-averse asset with you, own it, wipe out income taxes, and get 15 to 20% a year on their money, it makes sense for them to move some money into that. Yeah. Right? I mean, that's why this works. It's cuz the the numbers work, and they get to wipe out income taxes. I mean, that's why people come into these things like this. And they get to own an apartment building with you. Sure. Yeah, I I love it. I mean, it's a good deal. It's clean. Uh looks like the owners kept it in pretty fair condition. I mean, it looks like you're newer roof, newer siding. Um Are the ACs on the roof or on the ground? On the ground. That's nice. That's going to save you a lot of Just so you know, everybody when they when they put the the condensers up on the roof, Yeah. that's fine. Just know that it's going to cost you about twice as much if you have to replace one. Cuz they they got to crane They got to crane those babies up on the roof. Just so you know. Um And because I bought so many houses in Kansas City, that's kind of one of the things I bring to the table is that I have a big team that's already set up over there that's helped us. I got got a great AC guy. Got contractors that are you know, they're going to run this project. So it's it's really uh you know, um Yeah, and but this is why it's so important for that for the stage, right? In in in in the road map when you do the market trip. Right? And kind of before you gone out to Kansas City, right? The first time you went out there, and then you went out there, you got to meet what? Contractors, property managers, local brokers. You met the local lenders, right? You kind of set that market up with your little mini team. Yeah. And you do that in advance of deals happening, so that way you're not catching your tail, right? When you're coming through doing your first deal. Yeah, I mean that's that's the whole purpose of doing it in that sequence. So a couple questions came through real quick. Let me see. I know uh Bryant, you had a quick question real quick. Your hand was up. You want to unmute yourself? Yeah, and I'm trying to keep my questions to a minimum cuz I've literally just started a lot of the content. I was just curious, you know, you mentioned earlier like you you wouldn't advise buying washers and dryers using a a third-party company to take care of that. Is that I mean, what do you Is that the same thing you do for like the fridge, dishwasher, and stove or &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no. No, it's just for whatever reason the washer and dryers, they get used and beat up a lot faster. Um and so they break a lot more. And they're just a pain in the ass to keep maintained, right? Cuz a lot of your maintenance guys don't know how to fix them. Mhm. And they don't have the parts. And then they try and come in and fix it and they can't fix it. So then they got to go order parts and you know, it's just a harder game to maintain those things, especially the stackables. Um and so cuz we started doing that, I thought the same thing Rory is. Like, oh, if I provide the appliance, I can jack up the rent some more. And what we found out is we don't really get to jack it up all that much more if we simply have the connections. That lets us jack it up. Mhm. Just having the connections lets you jack it up. Providing the appliance doesn't get you the jack up, right? Cuz you can figure out a way to um even offset the cost, right? I mean, even hypothetically if you were paying for their washer and dryer 40 bucks a month, right? That's 400 a year whatever. I mean, it was hypothetically for a minute. You could build that into a rent number, right? You could say, "Hey, we're going to go ahead and um uh provide the washer dryer." You could just tell them that, right? And the rent That's why the rent's, you know, $40 more. But it's really provided by the third party. Sure. &gt;&gt; And that third party actually maintains it. So when there's a problem, there's a little tag on it that says, "Call me." And then Got you. &gt;&gt; And they come out and maintain it. So that way you're not Your maintenance guys will kill you. I just I've seen it so often and like the maintenance guys want to quit because they they're having to go out there so often to fix these things cuz they break down a lot. So. Okay. Cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's just been my experience. Yeah. Uh the LBT question Kelly you asked about uh does it assume that the old tile is level, not cracked or loose? Uh does the Yeah, you want to make sure that yeah, it's not all busted up, sure. Uh can't cuz they'll have you to secure at least if it is. Um, but yeah, they'll they'll glaze right over the top of that thing with a nice, uh, thin layer of cement. And then they can run the LVT right on top of that. But yeah, you can't have a bunch of loose stuff underneath it. They'll need to secure it first and then they can do it. Yeah. And they'll they'll level that thing out and then they'll put the LVT right on top. Yeah. So, and it's a faster process. I mean, they'll they'll they'll move pretty quick without having to get in there with a jackhammer and chippers and all that stuff and chip it all up. Cuz even as you know, if you've watched it before, they go in there and they chip it all up, but then there's glue and stuff left all over the floor. So, now they got to grind it down and then they can find then they still, just so you know, then they still have to put a thin layer on top of that. Because they have to level it out. So, here I'm like, "Screw that. Just put the thin layer on top and there we go. Solved the whole problem." Um, but yeah, that's the best way. Um, any last, I guess, questions for Roy? Put his number and stuff in there. So, you guys are are, um, and yeah, whether you're looking in the Midwest, you know, there that's kind of why this is so cool because it sounds like you guys could get access, Roy, to a lot more deals after this one. Absolutely. Yeah. And so, there's opportunities for partnerships here to leverage talents to say, "Hey, like, yeah, I'll I'll come in with a little bit of money on this one and then let's go get some more deals and I'll help put those together." So, then I mean, everybody wins, right? I mean, that's the beauty of multi-families. There's plenty of pie to go around. And that's why &gt;&gt; say this, um, we have the minimum investment at 50 just because with the 506B we were limited to the amount of non-accredited investors. Um, if we needed it 25, it we wouldn't hit it, but we've already had enough people that put 50 where we can actually accept, uh, 25,000. Okay. Good to know. Just putting it out there. Yeah. I mean, it's it's a nice little property. I mean, it it's clean. It's clean. It it when you go out there, the pictures don't do it justice. When you when you when if anybody's interested, I have video of it. That lake across the the street right directly right across the street is like is beautiful. It's it's it's really a nice area. Yeah. That's great. Love it. Uh any last questions for Roy and stuff? I I thought it would be a good, you know, example of kind of you know, run through a pitch deck and you know, kind of see how you can explain it and and kind of walk through it from a high level. And many of you, if you're doing a summary video, um it would be similar to what you just saw. It would just be broken down and condensed into maybe a little 10-minute deal uh that hits the very very high-level things and then, of course, you leave things there for people to download the pitch deck and reach out to you for more info and stuff. But, that's kind of that main process, you know, for that. So, um yeah, any questions for Roy? Um as he gets ready to hop on a plane. Where are you headed? Back home to Honolulu. Oh, okay. It's like a 20-minute flight. Very nice. You're Are you in Maui, you said? No, I'm on Kauai. I bought a foreclosed property &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; like a that just uh we just got the judge to sign the order. So, I mean, it's a it's a flip. I got to have something to just pay the bills while I'm uh while I'm building this So, you're telling me that we have a place to stay if I decide to come out there? Absolutely. Absolutely. Okay. See, I'm I'm calling you out. Calling you out. I like it. I like it. Um yeah, so that's how these things are done. And uh you can see what what ended up happening. So, Hayden and Matt were actually one of the first folks in our community, you know, several years ago. You know, and they're doing, you know, decent amount of deals. We've even partnered with them and and Roy, you know, connected with them and is doing deals with them. So, that's why collaborations and partnerships and community are so critical because people bring different assets to it. You know, Roy can go out there and raise some money and has obviously connections in Kansas City. Hayden and Matt have connections and ability to find deals. So, then you put it all together and boom, you know, and then you have opportunities. And it works well. Yeah, on a deal-by-deal basis. But, once again, there's other opportunities that happen from it, too. You know, it could be you know, no one's married, so that's why, you know, it's a deal-by-deal basis, right? Exactly. Yeah. So, awesome. I appreciate you sharing with us. It's all &gt;&gt; No, thank you so much for having the opportunity and if anybody needs anything, reach out anytime. You bet. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thank you. Cool. Yeah, we have a few minutes left here before we finish up, but yeah, you can kind of see, I mean, where he's at in this process is they're they're right here. I mean, they're basically coming through the due diligence and the raising phase, the closing you know, stage nine, the finalizing all of it, right? And they're going to be scheduled to close in a week or so. So, that's great. Um but they had to set all of that stuff up. So, if you're kind of newer coming into it and they've done their market selection, they've got all the brokers and deal flow going, did their market trips, set up the the people out there, and then they went through the capital foundation stage. Um and I kind of see now is even Hayden and Matt are more mature in their process and they're several deals in now. You know, one thing they did with their CRM and kind of the website stuff and everything that you know, we helped put together with them is now they have a weekly newsletter that goes out and then they'll send it out to their database, their people, just to kind of keep them informed of hey, you know, we're these are the things we're doing, this is what's going on in the market, just keeping people informed to kind of keep that little database warmed up a little bit. And it's all built in. They've done it all inside of the inside of their CRM system. So, you know, and that's all provided for you as part of the the community in the program. So, it's it's leveraging that stuff to realize that you can do it just to drip on people, just to keep them informative of what you're doing. So. Cool. And then we have Doug and we have Brian. I want to get a quick update from you guys cuz I know you guys are in contract. What is the update from you, Brian, on your end? So, LOI is accepted, headed out to Memphis uh over the weekend. Going to stay uh get in late Sunday night. Uh so, obviously Monday being a Memorial Day, won't nothing will be going on, but I'll get to drive the property on a Sunday, which I want to do, kind of see what's going on on the weekends there when I get in. Um and then Monday will be a holiday, so that'll pretty much be like a holiday or a weekend. Um and so, that's why I did that, added those days in there. And then Tuesday, Wednesday we have um meetings set up with contractors to walk the property initially, not do a unit-by-unit inspection, but actually go out and walk the property um with the broker. Um and then I've got some meetings with some banks there locally in Memphis. Um just been filling out a bunch of forms. Um I guess the one thing I wasn't expecting was like the amount of paperwork that the banks want. So, they want you know, tax returns. Um luckily I'm a new LLC, so they're like, "Okay, well." Um they're like, "Well, we want tax returns." I'm like, "Well, I haven't even been incorporated for a year yet." So, the good luck. There's none there. They're like, "Okay, never mind then. We don't need those 2 years." I'm like, "Yeah." Yeah, you know, they they you got to remember, so the banks, what they do is they have like their little checklist, right? And they send that out to you and it has 400 things they want. Um but then really what they care about most is the property, right? And getting the property's financials and the property information. They're going to insurance and and all that stuff, right? So, there's that's why that due diligence kind of checklist stuff that we give you, that the detailed one, um is a and not all of it applies, but that one's pretty extensive. I'll kind of pull that up real quick. Just so that way you can use it as a guide. Um Hold this up right here cuz this is in your back end. Do do do do. Acquisition checklist. So, it's going to be this one here. Once again, it's extensive. It does not all apply. So, don't uh don't freak out too much, right? Um but these are the different stages as you're kind of going through the closing. All right? Once again, they don't all apply. Uh there's a great little video up here. If you watch this video, that should bring you to a little Loom thing I went through, which looks like this. To understand your checklist. Okay? And this is for all of you when you get to this point. So, this is where we're hand-holding you even further. So, as you're going into contract and getting into this process that many of you are starting to, um that's why those Saturday calls are even more important if you can get on them. Because we're going to walk you through all of these details. Right? As you're going through the contract phase and all the inspections and due diligence and financials and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. And so, um that's why we're there, right? Because um I didn't have that on my first apartment building and I almost hyperventilated. So, that's why um I'm there to keep you from, you know, hyperventilating. Even though you're going to hyperventilate anyways. It's normal. Totally totally normal. I think it it Brian or no, it was Doug. It was Doug that started texting me. He was like freaking out when they got their deal in Georgia under contract. He's like, "Oh god, oh what am I going to do?" &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; And I just had to text him back and like, "Okay, listen. I totally expected this. This is great." I said, "Now you're alive, baby." I said, "You got a deal in contract." I said, "This is what it's all about." So. I love that. I think Doug, are you in here? I think I see you in here. Or he had to bump off. He may have to bump off. I don't see him in here right now. Got it. Uh any updates on your end, Kelly, with uh that fun one? You know, the wholesalers are still figuring out their thing. But uh I think we we have a solution. They found a broker who's willing to um pay them their the fee that we agreed upon. And so um they've been going back and forth, but I finally today David and I were like, "Hey, why don't you just give us the broker's name and we'll just put it in the contract with everything else that you'll get that money to that broker and then you figure it out with the broker. So I I I think that may get us uh to actually having a signed PSA in the next few days. So. Got it. So that So that fee will go to a broker and the broker will pay them. Yeah. Okay, got it. So that way they the escrow title company is okay with that and therefore seller's okay with that and all that stuff. And everybody's yeah, and then everybody's happy and and then you know, and then we'll move forward. So we've just kind of been on hold cuz everything's like, "Oh well, Monday." Well, we're set you know, whatever the the the same lack of velocity on on on their side. So um but hopefully we'll uh we'll have a something here really short and then we'll be back on Saturday to you know. Yeah. Get all the good all the goodness. That's all about. Uh Gufran you mentioned in the chat, would you like to talk about would you like to talk about how much you did you make as a syndicator? Um where you're you're all syndicators here. I mean technically because you're uh collaborating money. So you as a syndicator though your typical returns are going to be between 30 to 50% a year. Right? When you kind of break deals down. As you all know even if I were to pull up um the deal analyzer that you guys all get and go through like this one here. This is just an example sample. Um but let me zoom out and kind of see this. But yeah Gufran when you're um looking at this, right? This is the deal analyzer and this is just some highlighted numbers in here so don't worry about any of this. Um we were just highlighting some numbers. But anytime you hover over these little areas with the red uh arrows, it's giving you some guidance. So you remember on that last one with Rory I said, "Hey, your expense ratio seem kind of low." So if you hover over this thing where it has your expense ratios down here, it's giving you some guidance on where you should be at the end of the day. So that way regardless of all the detailed line items that you're putting in here, you could always back into a number a percentage number that you should be at. So if I hover over that, it tells me a 1980 which this property is 1980 or newer, you should be sitting right around kind of you know that I'm sorry 1980 or older 40 to 50% 1980 or newer to 2010 35 to 45. He's at about 35%. Like that's kind of the low end of that. I think they'll be closer to 40 when they really dig into the details of the numbers, but not not terribly far off, right? It's not going to raise a red flag. But, that's just things to kind of pay attention to. But, when you come over to um the waterfall tab here at the bottom, this is like kind of breaks down the you and the investors. Where's the money going between you and the investors? And so, in this case, if it's saying 80/20 split, you're bringing in 10% of the money. Obviously, all the money, you know, flows down. You For those of you who are seeing it for the first time, don't worry, you'll understand this very, very soon. But, you can see like in this case it you as a general partner, like here's your cash flows, and your annual rate of return, your IRR is 43% a year. Right? Because you're bringing in 122 grand on this particular deal, right? It's a big deal. But, you're getting 700 grand on 122 grand. So, that's why and you analyze that over a 4-5 year window, and that's why you're getting your your IRR at 43%. Your investors are going to get 19% per year. All right? And that's why they come into it. They don't have to do any of the work. They're basically given a check for 25, 50, 100 grand, whatever it is, and they get returns on that of 19% a year, and they also get to wipe out income taxes. And so, that's why it's beneficial for investors, because otherwise, if that was stuck in the stock market, a 401k, crypto, any of the other type of investment, sure, it's there and it's fine, and people will keep money there, but they're not getting the tax benefits and the returns in this case are going to be double, plus all the taxes come with it, plus they get to own real estate. And they get to ride the the wave of appreciation on a real asset, versus say equities and stocks and stuff like that. So, that's why it's opportunity cost of the money on that. Cool. Um well, that's all I have for you guys today. And then unless there's any last-minute questions and stuff, we'll kind of finish it up for the evening and stuff. But yeah, thanks on for coming on in for the first one. You're jumping right on it, Brian. Hey, got to get to it, man. It's a lot of a lot of a lot of content to get through. Yeah, no it is. And it can be seem overwhelming at first. Uh totally understand that. Totally normal to feel that way. But that's why you lean on us and the community and everybody and we'll walk you right through it. So. I appreciate that. Um my current business partner, uh cuz you're Marine, right? Yes, sir. Yeah. So he he's a Marine. And once a Marine always a Marine, right? So they &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. They they you never really former Marines. Um but you learn a lot, man. It's it's it's wild to to see that all the different um sides of the of the military, whether you're Navy, Marine, Army, Air Force, Space Force these days. So. It's November 10th, bring me a crayon. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It's Marine Corps birthday. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, thank you for your service. Well, thanks for your support. &gt;&gt; I know Kelly in here, she's former former You never former Navy, you're always Navy, right, Kelly? Uh you know, it's good to be at sea. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I love that. &gt;&gt; We used to be bus drivers for Brian. There we go. See, you know, see I I love the internal It's always so fun to watch like the different, you know, branches of the the military like jabbing each other cuz you all have jabs at each other, right? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. We're all part of the naval service. It's good. That's right. That's right. Brian, do you have any areas you're looking in? What's that? For properties, have have you thought about the areas you're looking or is that still too soon? Uh it's still way too soon. I I don't know. I mean, there's I'm assuming there's still a lot of growth in Texas. That's where I'm at. Might start looking there, but I got to get through a lot of this content before I can even start doing any of that. &gt;&gt; Fair enough. Fair enough. Cool. But yeah, we got a lot a lot of Texans in here. We're in Texas, Scott's in Texas, bunch of other people uh in here in Texas. So yeah, definitely put that in the chat. We'll introduce you in there, too. This next month there's a a get-together somewhere in Texas, isn't there? Or is it Is it next month or the month after? &gt;&gt; That'll be in July. Dallas in July. And then, next month, early June, we have our San Diego one that we kind of put on every 60 days, where you can come into my offices and we'll work together for 2 days in kind of a small group setting to get through a lot of stuff. But, you and I will be working one-on-one, as well. Cool. Yeah. Beautiful, everybody. Have a great night. Thanks for uh joining us and uh let's rock and roll. Appreciate it. Take care.