Hello, hello. Come on in everybody. We'll get started here in just a minute. AUX mode. Cool. Hello, hello. How's everybody doing? Happy Thursday. Make sure this is all in here. Cool. How's everybody doing? See everybody's uh wonderful faces in here. We got Whoops. Make sure that's hooked up here 1 second. Make sure the audio. External that. Let's make sure everything's hooked up. So, 1 second. Everybody's coming on in. That's plugged. So, we're good there. Very cool. Good to see everybody. Doing great. Doing well, Bill. Good to see you. Uh I believe you and uh is it you and your wife and somebody else coming down to Charlotte? If I believe that's correct. Uh not hearing me. Um well, it says the audio's working. Can everybody hear me okay? Okay. Yeah, so it shows the audio's everything's good. So, got to make sure you got apartments though. Got to have good got got apartments. Um you have no sound. Well, yeah, Chad, that's going to probably be on your end then. You want to check your speakers there to make sure it's coming out. Um so, uh yes, Bill, I think it should be okay. Right now, I think we're right under 20 people and it's growing. So, we do want to make sure uh cuz we're going to cap out I think right around 30 people. Uh so, that way we have enough for the buses and stuff like that for the bus tours and all that uh that we're doing uh around the properties and meeting brokers down there in Charlotte and all that. So, but but we should. To answer your question, we should. Uh give us a little bit more time. We'll know that here pretty soon. Pretty soon. Uh we're just trying to get kind of a as close to a a head count as we can. Um but it's uh it's going well. So, looking forward to that. So, we're going to be calling some more brokers today. Uh a lot of you liked that last week. So, we're going to do that again and just randomly start calling some people today. Um Low battery. Why does it have low battery? Power off. Why should it be power off when it's plugged in? It doesn't make much sense. All right, so hold on 1 second, guys. We'll make sure this is plugged in here. Make sure we got that plugged in. AUX mode. It's really weird. Sorry about that, guys. Yeah, the speaker system in here was saying it had didn't have power. But it has power. Should be all good. Stand by. It's really odd. Hold on. It's really weird. Everything is hooked up. So, we'll see what happens. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't know. It's really strange. Why is it Power off. Why is it saying it doesn't have battery? Sorry, guys. A little little technical stuff. We'll get it figured out. I'll Kevin come in here in just a second. 1 second. Oh. Should have power, but we will see. Yes, I need yourself. All right, let's get going. It's really weird why it was doing that. But we will uh we'll find out. All right, so any kind of wins for this last few days since our last meeting on Tuesday? Um I'd like to know that before we kind of get going. That'd be great. And anything kind of coming up? Anybody have any LOIs out? Anybody do any um mock deals where you kind of set it up for yourself? Uh whether that's through the pitch deck, whether that's through making sure the landing page and kind of running through the mock deal. Anybody been working on that? Thumbs up in the chat on that. I would like to know. Cuz that's a that's a really key component to it. And everybody who's been doing that, uh they've seen it to be extremely helpful. Number one in just understanding that kind of next stage of the process as you're kind of coming through that road map. Because once all the pre-step is set up, you've selected your market, starting to reach out to brokers, which we'll do today, and you're coming through market trip, then you're doing the capital foundation, right? Where you're putting in the list of 30 people you know, whether they have any money or not is irrelevant. That goes into the CRM, the client relations manager, that's attached into your website and everything that we help set up for you and provide, and then you get to that stage where, okay, let's run a mock deal and send it out as though we're doing a deal. And we're going to go through the exercise as though we have a deal, we're raising money, we're doing it, and that's going to go through end to end. So, that way when it actually is time to rock and roll, what do they say? Practice makes perfect. So, that's why we do that. So, that way when the real time comes through, a lot of your database people, your network, people in our network, people in the community, they've already seen your work a little bit. You've built up that rapport, and no longer they just seen you as what you currently do for a living day-to-day. Right? You're not just this or that. You're now, oh okay, multifamily investor. And that's why we do it. Um Christian, you asked a question, what is the difference between a landing page and a buy box? Well, the land I mean, two completely separate things. So, your landing page is literally a digital landing page specific to the deal that gives information about the deal, okay? And allows anybody to come into it. You could share that link, send that link out. You know, if I mean, literally, I have it like right now, just to give you an idea what I do. On my notes on my phone, I have it set in here. I mean, if I was at a backyard barbecue and I ran into somebody and they said, "Hey, yeah, send me some more information about your fund or what you're doing." I have the link right here, and I just copy it, and then I send it in a text. And I say, "Hey, take a look at this link." And it tells you everything about it. You can download our pitch deck, learn about us. Here it is. That's what the landing page does. Okay? And then I'll take their information and put it right in my phone. And then the minute it goes in my phone because the way it's set up, it connects right into that CRM that you guys have. So, that way you're not having to double entry people. And it's just a connection game. That's all you're doing. And And once again, you're not selling anybody anything. They're asking, you're providing information and an opportunity. That's it. You're not selling squat. You simply provide the world opportunities and great deals, and they decide for themselves whether that's a good fit. Right? You just want to make sure that the opportunity is there. That's the key. That's the key in being ready for that. But, that is how I have it set up in my phone. So, all of you, same thing, is you have a link that's in here, right? You just save it on your notes, and that it's directly to your website, you just click on it, and then you can save it and share that with anybody. Does that make sense, Christian? Cuz that's what I've set up, so that way you can come right in, and it's there, right? It's the same landing page. And if everybody can you know, you can download everything about the deal. They can sit here, they can do anything they want, they can learn all about what we do, what the fund is. Same exact landing page, right? I can download stuff right here. Put in my information, download the pitch deck. And it's right there, ready to go. 24/7 in the palm of your hand, so no matter where you're at, um which is exactly what I did for the uh the lady at the Trader Joe's. Right? I was in the checkout aisle, and I tell the story, you guys have heard it. Cuz this was the kind of not the oddest one, but the least place I would ever expect it to happen, is I'm in the checkout aisle, checking out at Trader Joe's, and the lady at the cash register, we just have some small talk, and she's asking how things are going, and I said, "Oh, good, you know, just finishing up some deals and putting out some fires." She's like, "Oh, like what are you doing?" And I said, "Oh, well, I buy apartments with people, we do it around the country, and we invest in them." She's like, "Oh, wow. That's really cool." And she like paused, but then she's like, "You know what? I was just talking to my brother about this the other day, and he's looking to invest in some apartments, but he just doesn't know like who to talk to about it. Can I connect you guys?" Sure as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you can. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Right? Sorry. You get the point. You Of course you can. So, she puts us on a three-way text, I chat with this gentleman, send him over the link. And then he comes right into the system, he invests 50 grand. Just like that. Trader Joe's checkout aisle. You don't know where it's going to happen. It could be in the bathroom. I mean, you just don't know. Right? But, that's the whole point is just being open to the concept, allowing the universe to deliver it to you, but being make sure you have your stuff together, which is why we provide it all to you. Right? It's all the resources are there. You're not having to go create it. You just got to finish it. So. Um and then hold on 1 second here. Kelly, uh good question. Here's do uh do we have more videos on setting up the landing page, or do you have Acoya set that up for you? Uh I typically with the same way you did your website, I would have them do that, unless you're tech-savvy. Then, of course, you could go in there, cuz it's all plug and play. Right? I mean, and I could spend if it's up for you guys, if we could do this next Tuesday, on Tuesday's call, I could do an entire hour on it, and just go through it. I can do that. Cuz it's yeah, it's very plug and play, right? Drag and drop, and edit some things. Very easy to do that. But, I could go ahead and make a whole hour on it, and then of course, that's recorded, and then we could put that up in the portal. Would that be a benefit? If you want me to spend the whole hour on that, I can do that next Tuesday, and go through the landing page specifically. Okay, great. Perfect. Yeah, so we will plan that for next Tuesday, um to go through the landing page setup. And that way it's recorded as well. You guys will have it, and then from there, you could either do it yourself, which quite honestly, once again, the first time I went ahead and did it myself, because I wanted to learn it. You know, I'm just I'm one of these people, I just want to know it myself, and then I'll delegate it out. Right? But, I want to know it the first time myself, cuz then it's much easier for me to then delegate it, because I can explain it. Versus like me just trying to delegate it at first, and I don't know how to explain it, cuz I've never done it myself. And that's why I like to do it myself the first time at least, cuz then I can get it, and then I can explain it. So. Um beautiful. Uh okay, we can do that. I love that. All right, let me pull up. Where do we want to go today? What state do we want to call some brokers? Curious. Throw it out. Where do we want to go? I'd like to know. We got Florida's in the house. Okay, okay, we can do that. We got California, Don. Where else? We got North Carolina. All good all good choices. All good choices. I'm kind of feeling Florida. I'm kind of feeling like the the Sunshine State. We did Ohio uh last week. Um I think we did Alabama, as well. Um is that Hawaii? Did you say Hawaii, Akis? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I mean, you know, I don't think anybody will pick up in Hawaii. They're surfing right now, okay? Um but yeah, I think Florida would be good. Okay, let's go to Florida. Let me pull this up real quick. And let's go find some Florida deals. I'll I'll uh share the screen here in just a second. So. That way you guys can see everything I'm seeing. All right. Go to share this. Here we go. And so, that, our beautiful state of Florida. All right. Let's add in a couple filters here. For fun, let's do 10 to we'll go up to 50. Narrow it down a little bit. And definitely more expensive in Florida, but the good stuff. Uh we got 15 units, I mean, that's over 200,000 a door there. Um yeah, these must be that's Miami Beach. Holy cow, what is that? It's got a that's a pricey deal there, but that's nice. Um let's see if we can zoom in here. Let's go up to Let's go up to Jacksonville today. Let's come up here. Take a peek in Jacksonville. Get this adjust here. 20 units for 2 and 1/2. That's in Clearwater. Let's Marcus and Millichap. Let's click on that one. It's been on for 23 days, perfect. Let's call yours. Okay. Let me give me more info here. Click on it. Want to view their phone number. So, we got Luis, and we got Sebastian. Nice. Uh let's give me some more info real quick. So, 20 units, 6.8 cap, pro forma NOI, nice. And looks like about 125k a unit for 20 units. Been on the market forever, so there's a reason, right? But, it's not the point. I'm going to call on it. We're going to get some data from Sebastian and Luis, and see what's going on here. Let me take a look at the street view real quick. That guy there. Got it. All right. Perfect. Um where is Clearwater at? Is it Is it um St. Petersburg. Uh it's part of the large uh large complex. Yeah, maybe. Tampa Tampa area is Clearwater. Got you. You're kind of down in this pocket here. Okay. All right. Oh, yeah, let's call on it. See what's up. Let's have some fun. Do do do We got Luis. Uh All right. And it's Horn Boulevard. Okay. Hi. If you record your name and reason for calling, I'll see if this person is available. Justin Brennan, calling on Horn Boulevard apartment complex. Thanks, Justin Brennan. Please stay on the line. Okay. I'm sorry, this person is not available. If you would like to leave an additional message, please record Okay, let's call Sebastian. &gt;&gt; Hello. Hi, uh Sebastian? Yes. Oh, hi. My my name's Justin and I'm with Brennan Polley Capital Group. Calling you guys is um I think it's Is it a 20-unit apartment? Yeah, it's 20 units over on Harron Boulevard there in Clearwater? Yeah, that one is a is a fractured condo. Right. So, it's in a it's part of a larger complex. Is that correct? Yeah, 44 total. Got it. Okay. Yeah, I guess that's what I was trying to get Yeah, get an understanding of. So, it's it's a total of 40-something units and then you're buying 20 of them? Yeah, you you would end up with 40 45% stake in the in the community, which while it's not a majority interest, it's very much a controlling interest. Got it. Okay. Is that kind of what's probably held this thing back cuz it Yeah, it's been on a while that people are scared of that? Not exactly. There's a little bit more to it, which which we can definitely get into. Um I would tell you that just everything in Pinellas County that's not, you know, sub a million dollars or just priced uh improperly um is is taking a long time to sell, which I understand that could be confusing. What I mean by that is there have been a couple of for sale by owners where they put their property out to market, you know, 10 to 20% below the actual value um and then had an actual feeding frenzy and sold to some guy cash on a five-day closing, no inspection. Got it. I don't really consider that a market transaction necessarily. Right. I mean, if Yeah, so it's it's like an outlier, right? Yeah, yeah. I would Yeah, I would call that a statistical outlier if you remember like your box and whisker plots from school, you know? Right. Um yeah, so I What uh tell me a little bit about I mean, this is one of other deals you guys are doing, but A couple of things, yeah. The So, like just generally in Pinellas County, we're we're having a a lot of of tightness as far as like you send somebody a deal that's a low basis with a lot of loss to lease and it's maybe a moderate day one return, nothing that knocks your socks off. It's like, "Oh, well, you know, I need a seven cap." But that that's crazy. Then you go, "Okay, cool. Well, here's a seven and a half cap. How about this?" "Well, the price per unit is just way too high." And it's like, "Okay, dude, just Do you eat Do you have any money? Can you prove that? Or what what are we doing here? You know?" Um and a lot of the reality of the situation is is, you know, these people have these goofy-ass models that they like paid some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Instagram guru for and their deals only work in the Midwest or something. Got it. Um that's the reason a lot of it. But uh yeah, I So, we we just got a lot of people, especially in the Pinellas County market, that are talking out of both sides of their mouth. They want a low basis and a high yield, and there's just nothing motivating the um I mean, the sellers are motivated, right? They wouldn't put their property on market in the current environment if they didn't have some level of motivation. They're not desperate. Sure. Well, yeah, and and I and I and I agree with that because there's only two types of sellers right now. You either bought your property pre-2020, so you have a good basis and you can sell in this market environment and still make money. That's it. That That's that seller. The other seller is you're in deep [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you need to get out of it. So, you you you basically have a debt problem. And that's it. Those are the only two people on planet Earth that would ever sell right now in this market. So, if if if if they buy Yeah. I mean, specifically, I won't speak to anywhere else. We're not seeing the deep [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] debt circumstance because those lenders are in We There We have a bunch of situations I can't get too much detail where like we're talking to the seller about selling and their lender is also approaching us separately going, "We're considering foreclosing on this. What do you guys think we could get out of it?" We underwrite the deal and they go, "Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I can't turn a profit. Let me see if I can work this out with the property owner." Sure. Well, yeah, cuz the lenders Yeah, they at least want to get their basis. Yeah. Dude, one of cycle, lenders would take 60, 70, 80 cents on the dollar. Mhm. And they're just not willing to do that anymore. So, um the the people that would have been in debt trouble saw what what was coming and they sold years ago at this point. Yeah. At least at least in these markets. So, I do have a bunch of Like one of my deals, for example, it's an 11-unit in Pinellas Park. It's all two-bedroom, one-bathroom apartments. Um they're not highly renovated. They're pretty basic units, tile floors, wood cabinets, white appliances, and then either Formica or granite countertops being the main difference. They have a full-size washer-dryer connection. Uh the roof is relatively new. Uh each unit has its own meter uh with the city for water Oh, wow. uh and sewer as well as electrical, obviously. That's cool. Um There's like between 150 and $200 worth of loss to lease in place, right? Market So, yeah. So, what you're When you say loss to lease, yeah, cuz I I read into that as Yeah, the the the natural market difference is one to 200 bucks, right? Meaning No. No. No, that's not what I mean. No. What I mean when I say that is that the most recent leases being signed at the property are are 1450 or 1500 dollars depending on if it has a Formica top or a granite top. That's the difference. But the average in place rent at the property is about 150 dollars below that. Got it. So, I'm not even talking comps market. I'm talking at the specific property. Also, keep in mind with this property, eight out of the 11 units are month-to-month. off of an rolling out of an annual lease. So, that property you can come in very quickly and and boost &gt;&gt; Boost it. Yeah, you can boost it. At some point in the next couple of years, renovations will be absolutely warranted. I would not be spending a bunch of CapEx dollars on that today because it's just you're just not going to get the return for it and frankly, you don't need to do it to get the 1450 1500 dollar rent. &gt;&gt; Well, right. Yeah, if you can Yeah, if you can bump it 100 to 200 bucks, this is the natural turn, that's great. And yeah, and and people are looking at that going, "Where does the seller get off offering this at like a 575 cap?" And and the point that I was trying to make here before I started pitching the deal cuz I'm a broker and I can't help myself is that seller, he has a couple other buildings like this one. He's a very mom-and-pop type of guy that sort of the maintenance guy category of that. Um You wouldn't like the tenants don't necessarily know that he's the owner, right? They just think he's like the handyman. Oh, that's hilarious. Yeah, that'd be someone like me. I'm the same way. All my tenants think I'm just the manager and I work for a group of folks. Um the uh but he's looking at it going, "Hey, I I've been screwing around with with options in the last couple years and I've been getting pretty good at it and I'm also making a killing in the stock market. Like I'm ready to stop worrying about tenants and toilets and um you know, my wife and I are getting older. They they take They don't have kids. They take these long motorcycle trips. They want to go on cruises." He's like, "Hey, I would love to sell and inject all my equity here into the stock market, but other than that, this is an easy property to manage. I'm making a great return on it. Um Sure. I have a lot of sellers like that right now where it's just like they're selling um But what But when did they buy them? Did they buy them kind of These So, this particular guy is is at the very edge of your your former category in that they closed February 14, 2020. Yeah, got it. Yeah, so pre So, pre pre pre-interest rate Yeah, pre-interest rate bump, yeah. Very close. Um pre Just right as the right as as as late into pre-COVID as you could really get, right? By about 20 or so days before everything started to shut down, right? Um and then I've got a lot of other sellers like, for example, I've got a 38-unit portfolio on market right now. Um we're getting ready to close on a 16 a separate 16-unit property for these same guys where they were snapping up properties off market. Their acquisition guy took a position out on the West Coast with his father-in-law and they're just going, "Hey, we're doing really well on the East Coast of Florida. Uh we'd like to continue buying here. Um we're we're of the opinion of if we're not buyers, we're sellers and and we lost our acquisitions guy, so we're going to let these go. Um They have very little debt on the property. They're still making a good return. They would like to get out of the deals, but there's there's nothing that's like pushing them to take major pricing concessions. Sure. Well, yeah, yeah. a buyer feels like they should take a conservative income approach, over overestimate the expenses, underestimate the income, and then try to apply an eight cap to that. Right. I had a guy last night that had a waste of interest rates of of like seven, seven and a quarter, and I'm like, is the bank mad at you? Yeah, yeah, they're not there. You're you're you're mid sixes on smaller smaller balance. Mid sixes, smaller balance? I've got some very interesting private options as well via my colleague that team out of Texas, where they're like 621, 625 full term IO on five-year note. I mean, connect me. That's that's that's good that's good debt. balance standard depending on the deal size. It gets tricky if you're if you're around a million dollars. &gt;&gt; Right. Yeah, you kind of need to be talking about here is, you know, a couple million dollars at least of of property. So, sure. Did I Did I give you the same Polti like Polti home? No, no, Polti, p o h l e. Yeah, Breanna Polti. Yeah, so what I can do what I Yeah, what I'd love to do is um Yeah, cuz whether Their family office talked to me over a couple years ago. Oh. Well, yeah, that's no bueno. I'm going to I'm going to try not to do that to you, Sebastian. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; No, please. Yeah, I was going to be like, hey man, I appreciate you, but like I can't work with you. Yeah, so what I What is okay with you, I'll cuz I have your cell number here, I'll text you when we get off here. Um I'd love to stay in contact, and whether whether this deal or another one, I'm sure you like you said, you have things that you're working on premarket. Um would love to kind of be considered in that bunch. Yeah. The um Can I Can I give you my cell phone number? Cuz this is like a a VOIP. Oh, got it. Yes, you can. Yeah, let me give you my cell. Go go ahead. This number and it won't even kick back. 727 Okay. Okay. Perfect. Text Text me your name and email so I can add it to my contacts, and then I'm going to send you links to these couple of properties that we've talked about separate from the 20 unit. Um and uh uh I'll get you contact information for the debt team on those as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, if you can get full term IO uh yeah, I mean, that's great, and you come in with 65 70% leverage, which is how we typically leverage our deals. Um get them to cash flow, and yeah, cap rate of eight seems a bit rich, but no, yeah, anywhere in kind of the sixes and sevens is kind of where things are trading for a lot of these markets like this. I would I would I would agree. Do you guys have anything commercial multifamily in the state currently? &gt;&gt; Uh we do down in South Florida, not over in Clearwater, but pretty familiar with Orlando, Tampa, your area bit. Um is it Lakeview in between? Is it Lakeview? No. What's the Is it What's the area the city in between Orlando and Tampa? Is it Lake Lakeland? God, I always forget how to pronounce that. Lakeland Lakeland You're good. Yeah. You're good. We've got a lot of good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out here. So, when you say South Florida, I'm assuming southeast? Uh like Fort Yeah, we like we have a 31 unit in Fort Lauderdale that we're teamed up with some folks down there, so familiar with the state, mean understanding the insurance game and all that. It's just getting with the right people to find something that like you said, if you can go in um Hey, can you hear me? I lost you there for a second. Whoops. I got you now. Can you hear me? Hello, hello. Yeah, I got you back. I got you back. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was just going to say, yeah, as long as you can go in You're saying you're familiar. Yeah, and you can go into a deal like that you said has lost a lease in it, and you can actually see that, then it's an easy story for the bank, too. Because you're not having to then showcase, oh, I got a reno, I got to do this, I got to do that. It's like, no, I can actually buy it today. Here's already It's already preset. You see a couple leases and XYZ, you can tell that story pretty easy. I describe it as you don't have to tilt your head and squint your eyes to see this one, you know? It's all just It's all right there and apparent. Have Have you guys ever worked with Fairwinds Credit Union before? I haven't, but I'm good with local credit unions, cuz most of the banks that are going to do these smaller deals, as you know, are typically their local credit unions or local regionals, cuz they like this style and size and that amount. Um Anything Anything banker credit union size, they have been my go-to. I have a great contact over there, and they're just they they have that local knowledge and experience, where they're willing They've they've been very willing to just be a little bit more aggressive than the the big regionals and and things like that. They're still a sizable enough institution, where where you don't have those like super small startup bank concerns. Um and they've been around for a while, but it's but they're they're as agile and really going after deals. So. Okay. The um But yeah, no, good good to hear that you guys have experience in in the state. I'm assuming you have agency experience as well, which is is always super helpful. Nobody wants to be your first agency deal. Yeah, I know I Yeah, and and we do. We have a couple We have a Freddy and a Fannie. So, yeah, we have that experience there, that's fine. But I I always say if if it were your first, call it, 10 20 30 unit apartment deal it's probably not going to be agency as your first lender, right? It's going to be a local regional or a credit union or something like that, which is fine. They like stuff like this, and they'll finance it, and you once again, you just keep your leverage reasonable at 65 70%. And you'll be fine. I I always tell people if you if you've got a medium-size apartment complex, your best way to get your foot in the door with the agencies is to do a Fannie refi on that before you start going the acqui- acquisitions route, but uh a few deals ago, we had a guy do a a regular balance loan, first-time borrower with the agencies. Now, you know, there were some hiccups here and there, but not not too much more than your typical. So, it it can definitely be done. Um on the fractured condo deal, safe to assume just the fractured condo nature of that, you guys would be out? Probably. Yeah, cuz we would want full I mean, like the control's fine, but yeah, we typically stay away from that, unfortunately. Yeah, the the play there is really de-converting it, and and we've got the contacts and the path to do that, but it's that's a very different type of thing, especially if you guys are just running and gunning with multifamily investment. Yeah, which Yeah, which we are, and stuff this size is cool. Anything kind of, you know, below 50 units is good. But yeah, I'll shoot you a text right when we get off here, and let's stay in contact. Great. And then I'll I'll leave you with this, cuz it's just kind of novel, and every time I say it, my all my staff people here just start giggling. That property is that not even just the 20 units, all the units and like the neighboring properties, because of Pinellas County being the densest county in the state, densest population in the state um they're all sex offenders. And they all group they group into these like two three areas within the county, because they can't live elsewhere. So, it's a funky deal for a number of reasons, including the the fractured condo piece. Yeah, that adds an element. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Right. That's And your people look at it and go, why are the rents so high? The units don't look that nice. Like, well, I'm glad you asked. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Wow, okay. Right. Right. Right. So. Okay. Well, good to know. Appreciate that. But yeah, listen, it's This is a great conversation, and we'll be definitely doing some business, cuz yeah, whether it's this deal or some other stuff you're working on, but yeah, I think it's just getting into into into something and looking at some deals, and anything that may be coming up that you're working on some BOVs for the clients. Um that stuff is great, too. Absolutely. Yeah, shoot me that text, and I will I'll get some stuff your way. Okay. Thanks, Sebastian. Appreciate your time. Yeah, man. Thanks for your time. See you. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Are you serious? Wow. Like Not only is it a broken condo complex, but hey, they're all sex offenders. Happy Thursday. This is great. That's a first. That's a first. Uh A chat says, are you just an effing guru? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; This is great. Um No, that was actually a great conversation. He's a very knowledgeable broker, you can tell just by his his background. What were some of your takeaways on that? This is great. I'm like getting a kick out of it. I think I need to start recording all these and just putting it up for content for people. You know, BTS, behind the scenes broker combos, cuz that would make some, you know, I just have to worry about making sure his name's not disclosed. So, that way it I couldn't get in trouble. Um but that was good. So, yeah, type in cuz I see Paula here. Let me do this. Paula, do you want to come up and chat? I'm going to give you the chance to chat. See if it does this. Can you hear me? I can hear you. You can hear me. Can everybody hear Paula? Just thumbs up if you can hear Paula. So, that was interesting. No, that was, you know, just another day in the office, Paula. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was a lot. That was great. I got I get such a kick out of these things. I feel like if we should just do this every day. So, um But yeah, what was your takeaway on that? Um He was very forthcoming, so he's like to speak a lot, which was good because the longer you went, the more information he was giving you. Yeah. And so, that was really good. Um so, I that was definitely a takeaway for me. Um as far as the property he seemed to be transparent, like he was giving more information about why it was on days on market for so long. Sure. Well, and the reason why is because it's been on so long I mean, let's not beat around the bush, right? Here here's what's going on, but it's an opportunity. Um and you know, he kind of reiterated my point even though he wasn't fully ex Like when I talked about the two segments of people who are selling right now, right? And and and I agree some You don't want to be None of you guys None of this underwriting that we're having you do is too conservative, by the way. Uh it's very very standard underwriting. Uh it'd be one thing if I was having you underwrite deals to a 20% IRR and a 10% cash on cash and uh two and a half equity multiple um I mean, you'd never get a deal to work, right? Um but so, that's why when we go through these financials, the key is like he he touched on a very important point there. He says, "People are too They over um speculate the expenses, right? Meaning they They'll take what we're giving them and they'll jump it up." And there's the fine line between what the brokers put on there and what reality is. And that's kind of where that pushback will come in cuz nine times out of 10, I'm sure you're seeing this, is you'll get the revenue in place. We're comfortable with the revenues, the rents. And then we get into the expense line items. And either the brokers I would almost flip it back to him, Sebastian, say, "Listen, guys, you guys underestimate the expenses, unfortunately. Yes. I I just know by operations, you know, unless you unless you, Sebastian, own an apartment complex or several of them and you can speak with this authority, I know where these things should operate at even when they're operating really well. Um so, we have to base it on that. And so, a lot of times the brokers will underestimate the expenses to prop up the net operating income to then make the deal pencil. And so, it's just backing away from that to be realistic um and knowing generally speaking where a certain property should operate in the market. Um Florida's going to be different because of insurance cost. Um but it'll be better in other areas. But at the end of the day, you know, if you're if you're a 1979 property or older, right? 1979 or older, yeah, you're going to operate somewhere between 45% up to 55% expense ratio. It's somewhere in there. Um if you're 1980 or newer or 1980 to probably 2005, you're going to operate between about 40 39 to about 45. Right? In that pocket. Uh cuz it's a newer property, less repairs, better construction, it's just going to operate a little bit better. And then obviously newer if you're 2005 or newer, then you could be in the 30s. You could operate in the 30s. Just depends on the state, right? State does make a difference, uh which is why you need to know your markets. Know your markets. Uh but what were some other takeaways, Paula? Well, I noticed that as well. He was trying to see what you knew and he was also seeing if you were the real deal or not. There was a couple of things he said, like, "Oh, these internet gurus." And so, he's trying to downplay and the numbers, like, "Oh, it shouldn't be like 40 50%. We're overplaying those numbers." But also, he was trying to downplay a few things and then also fish and trying to find out if you really know what you were talking about. And you just kept coming back with responses. So, I think he was waiting for that and you just kept showing him you knew exactly what you were talking about, especially with the financing and all the different things he was bringing up. Yeah, did you guys learn anything on the financing side? So, it was great that he has this But do you do you see how it's a conversation, right? And I know that it's hard if you haven't done it before. So, I mean, I I was not nearly as tactical as I was in the beginning. I was little scared Nancy. So, that's why I had to learn, you know, the lingo, as they would say. That's why you're here. And then also, I went into figuring out the top 10 things that most brokers would ask about. Uh hence the reason we did that video about that. And that's the one that you guys have in your portal as well as the it's on YouTube. And so, for any of you that you're kind of in the beginning first time, you could go on to YouTube, type in Justin Brennan, top 10 questions brokers will ask you into YouTube and my the video should pop up. And you can watch it. And it's literally the top 10 things and then actually how you respond. And then if you want the transcript for it, scroll down into the description of the video, you can click the button that says transcript and it'll give you the transcript. If you want the transcript. Um but yeah, that's kind of how you get into that. But I I thought it was great because how I was trying to maneuver that conversation, if you kind of saw that towards the end, is yeah, man, whether this deal works or another one works, I'd like to get into the kind of the some of your pre-market stuff that you're doing, some BOVs. That's broker's opinions of value, BOVs. Broker opinion of value because that's what the brokers do and give to someone like you or me who own an apartment complex to try and get the listing. They will do a broker opinion of value and they will submit that to me so I can see kind of what the market's doing and get an idea of where maybe I could sell the property at. And then I would make a decision as an owner, do I test the market? Right? Where's the market at? Um And most of the people he was even talking about I I guarantee like he said that one guy up to 2020, right? I said, "Perfect. You're right. That's That's the zone." Cuz yeah, anybody that's like bought a property from 2020 kind of end of 2021 2022, 2023 and they're trying to sell that property now, they're probably in some deep [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Good chance. So, I mean, if you look at the when they bought it and it says 2022, I'm going to be like, "Oh boy, they probably have a debt problem. Something's going on financially." Cuz there's no way on planet Earth they've been able to increase the value enough. If the value's gone not up, right? So, they're they haven't done that yet. And they're getting hammered, likely. So, for them to buy it in 2022, 2023, even 2024 and trying to sell something like that right now, they're in trouble. There's just You wouldn't do it. You're You what you would do is you would just hold on, right? And let let things ride out. But as he had said, people that bought pre that, they're fine. Plenty of equity. Not in a bad position. Probably have good debt on it. Maybe looking to retire, ride off into the sunset. All that stuff's totally normal and they can sell in this market and still do well uh and not take a a schlacking. So, other than that, anybody that's bought in that zone of 2022, 23, 24 and that they're trying to sell and they bought in those 3 years, uh and I would even argue even 2021, depending on when they bought, but you'd have to look at it. Yeah, they could be in some trouble. Otherwise, they wouldn't sell. Does that make sense? Yes. Yeah. Um cool. Anybody else want to come I'd like to hear your thoughts on that, David. You want to I see your hand up. Would you like to chat real quick? And then does anybody else want to I'd love to get your takeaways from that. And then um I wonder if we have time for one more. We may. But I'd rather get your takeaways from that conver cuz that was a good conversation. But you see did it kind of help to hear how I was maneuvering that a little bit and just getting info, building rapport with Sebastian? And just letting him know, "Yeah, look, we're trying to buy in the market. We have some interest in there." Um And by the way, I do not own anything in Fort Lauderdale. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; But we do have a deal down there, but we're not the the main owner of it. So, I did, you know, that was a white fishy lie. Uh but we we do have people in in a in a deal down there. Um but I leveraged that a little bit cuz he asked the question. Did you see how he did that? He says, "Well, do you own anything in the market now?" That was a fishy That was a fishing question. So, if I would have I mean, I could respond no. I could. Right? Or I could respond with, "Yeah, you know, we have some partners and people that are in that area currently and so, we're looking to be a part of that as well." So, so there's ways to answer that to where you're not lying, but you're not giving the full truth at the same time. Does that make sense? Cuz all you're trying to accomplish with this is to build rapport. Cuz you can hear he was very open about the concept that you know, he he has every Tom, Dick, and Harry, you know, calling him. And and so, he's you know, &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; he's clearly cynical around internet gurus, you know, and all that stuff, which I think is funny. Um which Yeah, let's be honest. There's a lot of, you know, people online you know, trying to sell things and do things and they don't do what they preach. You know, that's uh that's a big no-no. Um That's wild. Yes. Um So, David, if you're still here, I'd love to have you come up real quick. Or anybody else want to chat? Love to chat with you real quick since we have a few minutes left before we jump off. I see you here. Thanks, Paula. Thank you. Awesome. Yeah, that was a great combo. So now I have him. I'm going to text him here when we get off so at least I follow up with him. But the same types of conversations is kind of that flow should be happening. It's nothing rigid. It's not a script. It's nothing like that. It's just hey, calling I'm You notice how I'm using his property. Like I'm literally calling on his property, which that that's the lure in. Hey Sebastian, calling on your property over here on, you know, 2560 heart of the the 20 unit. And then he had to think about it for a second. He's like, "Well, no, it's actually a 44 unit and blah blah blah." But that was the call. But I'm not calling saying, "Hey Sebastian, my name is Justin. I'm with Brennan Polley Capital. Um give me any deals you can send me?" Right? That's not how it works. It's not how it works. Uh use the lure in, warm it up, build rapport. It's like you're having a conversation with your your friend with having a beer or a cocktail or wine or whatever it is you drink, water. Um and you're building the rapport. And then what you're doing about halfway through that is you're trying to switch it into hey, I'm going to underwrite this deal. But if this one doesn't work out, you know, we're going to buy in the area. You know, and I'd love to buy through you. So I'm I mean, I'm sure you have deals that are you may be working on pre-market or anything like that that, you know, we can take a peek at when the time is right. You're just trying to set that seed in place. And that's why you're having these conversations. And then what's going to cement it, everyone? And that's why that market trip is so important. Is you got to meet them. Right? Phone calls are great. Zoom calls are great. Get in person, belly to belly. Right? Shake hands and kiss babies. Because that's how real estate is still done. Even in our world of AI and everything's digital and everyone wants to text each other. That's all great. Nothing wrong with that. But there is nothing that will ever beat, especially in real estate, because real estate is physical, right? It's all around it. It's physical. Is the physical connection. People want to connect and they want to look you in the eyes. And they want to build that connection personally. And that is what will cement my relationship with Sebastian to where he thinks of me in the top five when he's trying to pass around a deal. And that's what you're trying to create. And And that will not happen from a Zoom call or a phone call. It It'll get real real and you'll really get into the boots of the brokers who are the gatekeepers of all this stuff. Um when you get belly to belly. So that's why if you look at the road map we bring you through, you'll notice right after you start with the brokers and the deal flow, which is these phone calls, what's the next one after that? Market trip. Market trip. You got to fly out. You got to get on the ground. If it's in your backyard, sweet. You don't have You just drive. If you got to fly, that's why you plan the two three-day trip. Set everything up. Meet all the brokers. You just say he gave me some local lenders. He's going to connect me with his Colliers guys. That's awesome. Great connection. So now that's a debt player. You said he mentioned about some credit unions and local lenders. He talked about that. Perfect. So you got me my lenders, Mr. Broker. You got me some properties, Mr. Broker. Hey Sebastian, do you know any property managers locally in Clearwater that I know you probably don't want to recommend, but maybe a list of them that I can interview when I'm in town? Actually, yeah. Let me send you over three of those. Boom. Property managers, lenders. And then what do you think I'm going to do when I talk to the property managers? Hey property manager, look, um I'm looking at buying this deal or buying in this area. Do you have any renovation construction guys that I could probably chat with I'm sure your other clients are using to renovate or improve their properties? Actually, yeah, about three four of them. Okay. Can you tell Great. I'll send them over to you. So now you have your renovation construction team, your lenders, brokers, property managers. Your team is done. And now you feel super comfortable. It's all locked and loaded and you have not even gotten a deal yet. But now you feel like you have everything set up. And that way when actually things happen, you have your capital foundation in place cuz you got your websites, you got your business, you have your CRM in place, you got a couple people in it. You've done a mock deal so they've warmed up to you. You've talked to the brokers. You've done your market trip. So by the time you get to actually the a broker about to award you the deal, you've got everything lined up. Like you feel actually like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay. Now we just need to sign the contract and let's go. And that's where we move into the next phase of deal contract, closing, and management. And that's why that road map is exactly the way that it is cuz it will set you up. And it does stack on itself quite well. Um Last question real quick and we'll finish up here. Off topic, but where is the area that you submit practice underwriting for the properties? So Scott, uh in the back end, if you go into the um your mentorship uh thumbnail, right? The the the one in your case one-on-one, click on that thumbnail. In there it'll say submit deal for review. There's a link for it. And it'll give you the details to help us uh submit. So you'll have the email on there as well as what's required so that way we can help you review those deals right alongside you. First time you do it, that's why you're figuring it out. Then it just becomes repetitive. And then we can review those deals and respond back and help give you some guidance. Yeah. Um You're welcome, Paula. Thank you so much. Um yeah, a lot of teachable moments. And I I think honestly I'm going to try I know we can't do it every single week cuz I want to be giving you guys more info. Uh cuz like we'll try and get make the calls a little faster. Uh maybe they were they're like maybe 15 minutes, but it sounds like you're getting a like you said, teachable moments going through that. Because that's kind of that stage to get through when you're building this rapport to get the good deal flow. And then you're just going to rinse and repeat the same thing I did with Sebastian with four or five others and you build your little network of brokers in that market. And then once you go out there and you get belly to belly, face to face, shake hands and kiss babies. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Then you'll be you'll be shocked. They'll start They'll start texting you. Hey, just came across this. Hey, just came It'll open up the gates a little bit more. And that's why that market trip is so important. Because it's going to allow that to really grow. So. All right, everybody. I'll let you roll. This was great. I hope everybody had a good time with it. And then yeah, this will get recorded and put up. Uh and then yeah, next Tuesday we're going to do the landing page. So I will actually literally go through and just start editing the landing page. I'll take one of your guys's and we'll start messing around with it. So. You bet. All right, everybody. Enjoy your Thursday and text or email us if anything you need. We're here.