Hello, hello, hello. Come on in. Happy Thursday, everybody. We'll wait for everybody to step on in. Go ahead and in the chat. See everybody coming in. Awesome. Good to see you, Bruce, Adrian, Joe, Robbie, Rory. Good to see you. Uh Samira as well. Happy Thursday. Happy Thursday. Uh love to share any plans. Any plans for Memorial Day weekend? Anybody staying, you know, at home, local, safe, or are you traveling? Uh and also, does the audio sound okay? Just double checking on the audio that we're good on that. So, thumbs up if if it sounds okay. Perfect. All right. Um Great. Tony, good to see you in here as well. Oscar, Kate, uh, we got Joe in here as well. Don, good to see you. Okay, rock and roll. Uh, yeah. Any any plans for Memorial Day weekend? Any plans for Memorial Day weekend? And I'll share some things we're doing on our front uh, from the apartment and capital side. Um, as I've been kind of alluding to and sharing a little bit online, you know, we've had our fund that, uh, you know, we've been raising money into, been doing deals with for some time and kind of through that process, uh, I found out that, you know, a lot of investors, especially at this kind of time right now, um, with, you know, economy is good, not good, uncertainty, inflation up, down, you know, there's just kind of unknown knowingness, right? A lot of opportunities, but unknowingness with that. And so liquidity and access to liquidity is kind of a big ticket for people in general as well as investors. So we created our hybrid fund. And with the hybrid fund, the benefits of that are that, you know, we're investing in two classes of assets. Flips, right? Flips. And when I say flips, I mean like this. Um, and keeping in mind like cuz I've been asked sometimes too, hey, is it better to do a fund to raise money into or just deal by deal? The answer is a fund is obviously always better. It's just whether or not you can actually do it depending on where you're at in your career. In the beginning, as you're newer right now, doing a fund ain't going to work because when people invest into a fund, they're buying into you and your strategy, which means you have to have had a resume and a strategy to go back on. Otherwise, it's really hard to raise money. Um, once you've done a few deal by deals, raising money for the specific deal, then you can get into the fund strategy. Okay. Um, so love that. Yeah. To give you perspective on what that looks like. Okay, let me add a little extra here. Duplicate that real quick. [Music] And awesome. Okay. So, what I was saying with the fun, which is cool, is the strategy that you get to use with it because you're getting into flips and then you also have the multif family. And how this works is like we allocate like we're we have 25 million bucks, right? 25 million bucks. We're taking 25% of that and that goes into the flips. 75% goes into multifamily. This is burn and turn money, right? When you're flipping houses, this is typically 4 months to 6 months on a turn. So, it's faster money, but it's also short-term capital gains. Short-term capital gains. And you're going to get hammered in taxes. So to how you offset that is you take all the wins that you're having here and you're going to distribute that money into long-term multifamily. So that way you're getting money on both sides, but more importantly, you're getting the tax write offs and we can wipe out all the gains here by investing in here. So now the investors get kind of the holy grail. They get the best of both worlds and we're able to return somewhere between 18% a year up to about 25% a year on an investor's money. Yeah. And they're getting a 9 to 12% preferred return followed by about typically um I think we have it set up as a 6535 on the splits on profits, right? 6535 on the profits and they're getting a 9 to 12% preferred return depending on how much money they bring in. But that's the hybrid fund. And then you're getting the benefits of faster burn and turn money with the multif family. But the biggest kicker to the entire thing that we've set up for everybody is what's called redemption rights. Redemption rights. And what this means is that if you're an investor, you can let us know. You have to be locked in for 18 months. So after 18 months, you could say, "Hey, I have a family emergency. I need the money out. I need my money back and I need my initial money plus my preferred return." Right? you you forego any upside but you get your preferred return plus your initial capital and that can happen within 90 days of you asking for it. So the liquidity is there which is nice and people like that. Um but that's how you would do that. That's how you do the fund strategy once you get there. So that's kind of some things we're working on on our end of the business for buying multifamily but also doing the flip game. Curious everybody in here uh in terms of finding deals. finding deals because I wanted to go over that a little bit this morning because in the beginning as you're kind of coming in and learning, you know, finding deals, analyzing them, writing offers, right? That's pretty much the top three things you should be doing right now as you're coming into this game. And you're looking at the different five pillars you go through right now. You're here and you're here. and you're going to kind of be in this little cycle until you actually get a deal and then you move into three through five. Does that make sense for everybody? Chime in the chat on that. And then I'd like to chat if anybody you guys would like to come up and kind of walk through this either frustrations you're having um wins you're kind of going through uh maybe some of the logistics of walking through it whether it's going through the brokers setting that up going into the markets touring your markets all that. So we can do that. I think Robbie raised his hand so I'll bring you up real quick. One second. One second. do Bruce as well. Cool. Yeah. Let me bring you up right now. There we go. Should be sending you a note. There we go. Awesome. All right. Good morning, everybody. Good morning. Can you everybody hear Robbie? Thumbs up. Cool. All right. I have a quick question for you, Justin. Um, I came across a deal in Idaho and uh it's not through a broker, so there's a realtor involved. Um, is that typical where if you have a re a realtor, would you go and ask for acquisition fee um as you're putting the deal together? And then my second question, there's a buyer's agent as well as a listing broker or no, I missed the first part. Is there you're saying there's a buyer's agent or there's just a realtor involved? The So there's there's a there's just a realtor. So the buyer I'm if I'm the buyer, this realtor is one who helped me find it, but he's not the listing agent. So, there's a listing agent and there's the realtor who helped me find this property. Okay. Involved. Is the property listed through a listing broker? Correct. Yeah. Okay. Gotcha. That's the first question. What's the second one? The second one is this is moms and pops. So, they really haven't been keeping good track. So, they have a rent roll, but the expenses are not just very clear. they just haven't been done doing a good job with keeping track of that. Now I have a rent roll. Uh they don't have T12 so I have to do that on my own. So I just wanted to ask is that is that typical? Is that one of the deals that you have to stay away from? Abnormal. Yeah, it's not abnormal. And this is in Idaho. In Idaho. Yeah. Uh what is the age of the property? Uh 1958. Gotcha. And so, okay, do you do you have some numbers that you could throw at me if I ask about like total revenue and stuff like that? Yeah. So, uh 10 units, uh average rent is about a,000 unit. Uh they're under market by $200 roughly. What's the current rents that they're achieving? Uh a,000 uh a month for the 10 units per unit. So, it's fully occupied. So, 10 grand. 10 grand a month. I'll walk through these numbers in just a minute. And then I'm going to use a 50% expense ratio on this age of building. Since you don't have expense numbers, I'm going to No, they they they really don't. Um again it it tells you from the pro how old this is property. So the gentleman is old school kind of just moms and pops just keep like hand notes. This is and you say this is 10 units. Okay. Okay. And then uh in that market right now I mean you probably have to talk to the brokers. I'm going to use a six cap. Right. Just for simple math. Uh, it could be a little bit less than that, but you got to be around the interest rate. So, let's call it 6% cap rate. So, I'm going to take this 4750. Obviously, I need to multiply that times months. That's 57,000, right? In total net operating income. So, let's walk through this simple thing again real quick so I can walk you through it. So, here's the rents. This is your revenue. Hey, I'm taking out I'm going to just use this as an economic loss because you're fully occupied. I'm just going to be I'm going to be optimistic for these folks. So 500 bucks a month comes off of that 5%. 5%. So that leaves me with an effective gross income EGI effective gross income of 9500. Now I need to take out expenses. So, given the age of the building, 1959, you know, you're I'm just going to for simple math, I'm going to use 50%. It may be a little bit less than that, but for simple math, we'll say 50%. Because you still need to look at a taxes, property insurance, stuff like that. You may be able to squeeze that down to 40. Possible. Possible, but 50%. So, now I have a net operating income, right? Net operating income of 4750, $4,750 per month. I'm going to multiply that net operating income times 12 for the year and I'm going to divide it by 6% cap rate. So 57,000 divided by 06 gets me to a valuation of that building of 950,000. What are they asking? Are they even asking? They're asking 1.4. Okay. Yeah. Uh once again, you know, it all comes down to this expense stuff, but if they're mom and pop and they don't have good stuff to show you, you know, you're going to have to use projections. So, obviously, you know, they're kind of a little bit And how long has it been on the market? Uh it just got listed, I think about a week now. Um it's a beautiful property. Like, it's a corner lot. Uh you could tell it's probably there's a lot of growth coming around it. Uh one story uh kind of forplexes in each building. Okay. Um so there's some good potentials and then in plus their end market like as far as rent uh $1,000 typically there in that area is about 1150 to 1200 easy. Okay. So yeah. So let's so then let's move this over. So, let's say it were let's say it was $150. Okay. So, now you're moving it up $11,500. That's what they're monthly. We're going off monthly. Uh times 05. I'm going to take out $575. So, now I'm at uh Whoops. Sorry. I'm at 10,925. Okay. Now, I'm going to take out my expenses. This is my NOI, net operating income. I'm going to multiply that times 12. So that's now 65,000 550 because now you're going to get to see exactly what happens when you can raise rents. So I want you to pay attention to this. So over here we had a net operating income of 57,000. Okay. All I'm doing by raising the rents from,00 or they said a,000 to 1150. So $150 per month bump. Pay attention. $150 per unit per month bump in the rents gets me from 57 NOI to now 65550. I'm going to divide it by the exact same cap rate. Watch what happens to the value over here. It's 950. We just now increase the value over half million. Call that a million one. I'm sorry. 100. Wait, do we go 950? Yeah, about 100 200,000 bucks. You're a million one over here. Okay. So, we're still not out there. They said they're a million four. Million four. It's It's funny that you said a million one. That's That's what I'm offering, right? Because that's kind of in alignment with you being able to push rents. You got to stay at cap rates because of interest rates. I don't know what interest rate you is a pretty turnkey building or do you have to renovate it? uh turnkey. Uh roof is uh eight years old, so there's probably some work on the siding, but that's about it. It's probably a next few years project. Okay. Yeah. So, it's pretty renovated, which is nice. So, you could take this and like you said, you could offer um I mean, if this is kind of your maximum here, once again, you could dive in because they don't have good numbers. That's the problem, right? So, you have to then guesstimate. Yeah. Right? I mean, you could use the revenue numbers, that's fine, but you have to presume an older building is going to have higher expense ratios, and you just want to double check your property taxes and your insurance for Idaho. Is it in Boise or other other places? It's it's in Napa, which is just outside of Boise. Okay. So, you'd want to just double check uh those numbers on the insurance and the property taxes to see if that changes that expense ratio quite a bit. But that, you know, you're going to be kind of in alignment. You'll definitely be at least 40%. At least 40% on your uh expenses. Okay? So, it's going to be somewhere between 40 to 50% on your expenses for that type of building. So, you would just adjust that and then you could come up with a number. But obviously maybe this gets up to a million two maybe. Right. Maybe. So it's just kind of keeping that in mind and beginning of the negotiations, right? You could send them in an offer. I mean I'd send it in at a million50,000 million50,000 and try and negotiate and unless they can show you actual numbers on their expenses, you have to go off projections, right? You don't have a choice. But that's how that's how you could do it, right? Perfect. And that's how you this property would move. 10 units, $1,000 a unit currently, maybe goes to $1,150 bucks per unit. And that's how it would kind of break down. You'd be going from this value to that value. So, I mean, it can definitely work. It's just buying it at the right price. Um, you know, it uh Christina invention, good deals are made. That is very true. Uh, not found. Yeah. I mean, you got to negotiate into them for sure, you know, and stick to the numbers. Um, like I said, use at least a 40 to 50% expense ratio on that age of building. Um, knowing full well that, you know, you're in a climate, you're going to have snow removal, you're going to have other things there. You just have to plan for it. But that's very typical unless they can show you better numbers or verify those numbers. You have to go off your projections. Okay? There's just no way around it. And then you just say, "Well, guys, this is your problem. It's your fault, not mine." I said, 'We would love to buy the building, but I have to use reasonable numbers for where we can actually, unless they can provide you invoices. Maybe they can send you over utility invoices. They can send you over other bills and invoices and stuff they've had on the property and you can kind of piece meal it together. Does that make sense? Yeah, they sent me some of the utility bills and kind of um insurance, property tax, uh uh property management fee. Yeah. Uh, and yes, the numbers come in a little bit better than the 48%. Yeah. As far as expenses, but I just wanted to figure out the second question. Would you ask for acquisition fee at that point and how would that work? Oh, well, yeah, the acquisition fee has nothing to do with the realtors. It has everything because you're putting this deal together. So, just to kind of show you how this deal would be structured. So, let's say you got it at a million one, right? The realtor fees are going to be paid by the seller. So, what's going to happen is your buy, your agent who's representing you, that fee needs to get negotiated into it. If they're not giving a fee, then that fee needs to be negotiated and paid by the listing broker. Okay? So, you would you would, you know, see if they're offering a fee. See if the listing broker is offering a fee paid to a buyer's agent. If not, then it just needs to be added in to your letter of intent on your offering. And at that point, would I split that with the with the realtor? Yeah. Acquisition fee has nothing to do with a commission check. That's completely independent. Your acquisition fee is at the entity level that you're going to charge because you're the general partner putting the deal together. So, this is how this deal would go down. Let's presume you pay a million one. Okay. Correct. The only thing, Justin, I'm trying to do this one alone. So basically there's no send syndication then you wouldn't do an acquisition fee. Yeah. You wouldn't do anything at all. Okay. Yeah. If I mean if it's you and you and you you're not because you're not really syndicating the deal. So you're buying I mean it's like taking from Peter to pay Paul, right? Yeah. From this pocket into that pocket if you're doing an acquisition fee. So yeah, that has nothing to do with uh commission checks. So, at that point, just negotiate closing costs, any concessions, right? Yeah. Because that's basically saving you money into your pocket as the purchaser. But commission checks have nothing to do. You can't get involved in those because you don't have a license. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. That But if you if you're if you were going to be syndicating this deal, this is how it would go down. You'd have a million one, right? So, that would be your price. That's your price. And then you'd have probably I don't know, you put in a little bit of rena budget in there. Even if it were small, you could do 25 or even 50 grand, right? And then you'd have closing costs. You'd probably put in here 60 grand, maybe call it 70,000. You'd want 6% in there. Yeah, it's called 70 grand for simple math. So now you're all in at a mill. Was that a million three or no one? One plus the 50 plus the 70 plus the 70. Yeah. A million2. That's your total cost in the deal. Total cost in the deal. the bank would pro because it's such a small reno amount. You're just going to go out and this loan here is going to be probably 70% of that. You'd have an $850,000 loan. 70%. And or even based off of the purchase price, you could do it that way. And then then you'd have 30%. We'll just do it for simple math here. You'd have about 366,000 coming in for your down payment. You're coming in. Let's just round it off. 40,000. That's you remaining balance. We'll say that was 370. Let's call that 330 would be the OPM game. And in order for this deal to make sense and for you to attract that money, in order for you to attract this money, this deal has to be able to produce somewhere between a 14 to 20% IRR internal rate of return on your deal analyzer and a 6 to 10% cash on cash, right? because that's going to entice people to put in 25 grand, 50 grand, 100 grand with you to get that kind of a return. Otherwise, it doesn't make sense. So, that's kind of how you back into it to be able to raise this money relatively easily for a small little 10-unit deal. Does that make sense? Yes. Thank you. But that's how the deal would get syndicated. And then your acquisition fee would be built into this 70 grand right there because you'd be getting say 2 or 3% call it 20 30 grand built into that number. So even though you're coming in with 40, you're getting at least 20 back call it 20 25,000 back. So you're really out of pocket you know 20 15 to 20,000 bucks and you have control of a million1 10 unit apartment building in Boise Idaho. But it's just backing into those numbers. But if you're doing it all alone, totally can do it. Yeah. You're just going to be you're going to be the one coming in with all this money depending on the loan you get. So you'll be coming in with that, you know, 3 to 400 grand somewhere in there unless you unless you can get a different type of loan. But you may want to make sure that you know you don't overlever the property. Um because you're going to have to back into a a debt coverage ratio. I mean the bank, the commercial bank's going to have you at least at a 1.25 debt coverage ratio. Have you put this in the deal analyzer? Not yet. Okay. Yeah. So when you back into it, right, just know that at the end of the day, that debt coverage ratio that's down there on the existing financials needs to be at 1.25 or greater. Otherwise, you have to start messing with numbers. And I I'm going to presume your interest rate is going to be at least 6 and a.5% on this deal at least. So, it's just backing into those numbers to get to a purchase price you can actually pay for it because you you can't even offer a million one yet because you don't even know if you can pay that because you you got to throw it in the deal analyzer, see if it even makes sense, right? Because in order in order in order for you to get a loan, in order for you to get that loan, the bank's going to require that the net operating income, right, they're going to require that this number right here, that 57,000. Yeah, the debt coverage ratio is covered. I think it's 1.35, I guess. Okay. So what's going to happen is your max annual debt that that this is what your mortgage payment per year in order to get that loan. You know that's what it's going to have to be. So, your NOI, I'm sorry, your um your mortgage payment can't exceed 456. Does that make sense? So, you have to once again, you got to back into it to make sure your debt coverage ratio is at least 1.25 um at a 6.5% interest rate on this deal. And you just got to back into it. And if you can't hit those numbers, you got to start adjusting price, right? because they're going to unless you can verify that the market rents are way under, you're going to have to really verify that because they're not going to give you hope and pray. They're going to give you today's numbers. They're going to base it off of today's numbers unless unless you can really truly showcase that, hey, these things today can just be moved up as is without any reno. I can bump the rents $150 per month per unit. Yeah. And if you can showcase that, then the bank will give you some credit for that. They'll give you some credit for that. And then they'll allow you to use future numbers, not current. Future numbers, not current. Okay? So they they'll let you use this 11,500 versus the 10,000 in revenue, which is a good thing because they're going to presume that you can get the $150 per unit per month bump if you can really truly showcase them that. Does that make sense? Yes. Thank you, Justin. I got to hop off. Thank you. Okay, you guys have a great day. Take care. Um, and then Tony, I saw you guys on here. So, yeah, I know we talked a little bit yesterday about the challenges that you're seeing and so what I would do is I would reach out to either Chris or to um probably go to see if you can, you know, look at some bridge financing stuff uh in the back end. So, hold on one second. Standby. I'm going load this up real quick so I can make sure. Then in the Let me just double check this real quick. And So for the So yeah, I'd probably I would reach out to Jason Moyale or Christopher Groves as one of the lenders on the back end of your system. Give them the scenario about the bridge debt that you heard about that these guys got that beat you out on that recent deal and find out, you know, do they have that ability to structure something like that? I'd be curious. I'm sure they do. Um, sure they do. Um, correct. But that would be helpful for you to understand if you understand that they got the bridge debt financing interest only for an x amount of years. Um and you know maybe even talk to the brokers too of some of the terms if they share that with you a little bit just some highle terms. Um because if that's allowing them to get a higher price uh I'd be curious how risky they're taking. Right. That's what I do want to know about them. Can I bring you on real quick Tony? There you are. Can you hear me now? Yep. Awesome. Yeah. So, because two things I want to know that' be I'd be very interested about is, you know, what are the terms of that financing? Um because, you know, it could be pretty risky, right? And they're and they're kind of shooting for the stars a little bit. You said it was an institutional firm, correct? Yeah. because uh Ryan Ryan and I were talking about it and I figured one of two strategies, right? Either they do the rena, they bring it to market rate, they stabilize it, and then they flip it, right? So maybe a three-year hole. Um um and that's provided um if they did the uh the bridge debt financing on an adjustable, which I'm guessing that they probably did that versus fixed. They would have almost had to have. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Because otherwise, I mean, you're right. the risk would be, you know, once they do the three years or whatever, um, and they do the rental, they bring it up to market rate, now they would have to refi, now you're that you're really rolling the dice. Are interest rates going to be higher or lower at that time? We don't know. Yeah. I mean, the good news is, you know, rates have stabilized in a sense that you have an idea of kind of where they're at, right? But sure, there's always risk that they could go up again. Um, I'd be a bit surprised by that, but heck, I was surprised in 2022 in March. Sure. It went up 11 times in nine months, right? Yeah. We were we were just trying to think, you know, through what that an institutional investor that took down the deal using, you know, this this structure. Um, you know, trying we're just trying to understand that because then there's some other deals that we've been analyzing and maybe that maybe using that type of a structure, maybe that's what makes it pencil. Our biggest frustration right now, I was talking to Ryan this morning. You know, we're investing a tremendous amount of time analyzing supposed offmarket deals and man, we're just so far apart on on the numbers um that uh you know, we're just scratching our head. I mean, what what what are we missing? Um because some of this and yet some of this stuff then either goes under contract, so somebody's underwriting this differently and we're just we're just trying to we're just we're kind of we're kind of stumped and we're trying to figure it out. Yeah. So, I mean, keep in mind there's only a few variables that can change in the underwriting. Either they're speculating a lot on the revenue or they're really getting lean and crazy on the expenses, okay? Or their debt that they're using is free money or much cheaper money somehow, right? Those are the only three levers that can move. either revenue goes up, expenses come down, or the cost of your capital, as they call it, is cheaper. That's it. So once again, when you scratch heads, there's only three ways to scratch it. So you have to say, can you raise the rents? Is it reasonable that you could project higher rents and get there? Yes or no? And if it's too risky and you're like, "Yeah, maybe." If that's the answer, yeah, maybe. No. You just don't do it because you're basically peeing into the wind. you're getting ready to set yourself up for, you know, especially on your first deal, right, is you're you're going to get into a really tight spot. It's okay to speculate a little bit, but if it's if you're like, eh, like on that one deal, right, that you looked at, you're like, man, like we have to really push it. The market's just not there as much as we try, right? I mean, it's a hope and pray model and that's not a good model. So, that's why that one doesn't work. So, the other method is you reduce your expenses. Well, you can only reduce them so far, right? Some of them are what they are, and you got to sit tight there. And then the other method is your cost of capital is just super cheap. If you have cheap to free money, and once again, I don't know how much money they put down because maybe they put a tremendous amount of money down, maybe a ton of capital, right? They could have done that. You don't know that. You'd have to ask how much money they put down. Maybe they put down 60%. And they're only taking out a 40% loan. That could happen. So, that just allows them to do a lot more. that's out of your abilities, right? So, that's an option. Or they just have super cheap money somehow that they're getting, but that's the only that's the only three levers you can pull. Make sense? Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, you can use cheaper money and do some what they call bridge debt financing. And for everybody on here, you want to know what bridge debt is, all it means is this. So, under normal terms, you'd buy a deal. So let's say it was a million dollars, you know, a million dollars and you'd have a loan on it, right? And that would be fixed rate and you'd have what's called normal amortization. So let's say it was a 6% interest rate. You'd have a principal and an interest payment. Okay? And this would usually be five, seven, or 10year loan. Okay? 5, seven or 10 year loan. That's option A. Option B is to do that exact same thing except it's a variable rate sometimes, most of the time. Now, variable rate, it's called a bridge debt because you're doing renovation to the property to improve it, to take it from where it's at today to a better scenario tomorrow. So, because of that, this bridge debt will be shortterm, typically two years. Maybe a little longer, but two years likely variable rate interest rate, right? Interest rate. And they will give you money for renovation plus the purchase. So, they'll give you money for both. The key to this whole thing working is you've got to meet metrics. So that way when you get to the future 2 years from now, you know, the properties, you know, operating better and you can actually refinance out of this into fixed rate debt, which would be this game here, right? And that's how you would do it. But you would need the valuation and the rents and everything to be higher to do that. And you're you're you're you're rolling the dice a little bit. I mean, it could happen. You just got to calculate your risk. It's like anything. So that's an option and that's what they could be doing, right? They could be taking, you know, an intereston loan, which is what this is, interest only. That's what this loan is here versus doing a principle and interest, which means payments higher with this loan. And the terms are different. And they just use this to acquire it. They're going to push the property through renovations and improvements and rents to take the value from here and move it up to here. and then get a new loan on it at a traditional rate. Does that make sense for everybody? Thumbs up if that makes sense or thumbs down if that's very complicated and you've lost me or I've lost you. Just want to kind of get a temperature check. Okay. Um I know Rory uh put his thumb up real quick and I know Christine as well. Um Tony, I'm gonna put you back real quick. I want to have Christine come up real quick. Hi there. Um, I was curious about how you would go about trying to negotiate seller financing. Would you tell a broker upfront before you find a place or would you do that during the negotiation process? Yeah, you're in a good position on that if there's not a lot of other offers on the property. Okay. So yeah, if there's not a ton of offers, there's some activity, but it's kind of not a lot, then or if it's a little bit of a sticky deal and it's tough to make it make sense and tough to get, you know, the traditional financing and all those other things, you can say, "Hey, would the seller be open to uh helping finance the deal, right, and stay in it? I mean, they could even be in a second position because you could still get a new loan and then they would be in a second position or an equity position on the property and keep money in at a certain return just like an investor would. Just like an investor would. So, there's two ways for them to finance it. Either as a first trusted like their actual lender on the property with the first loan or as a preferred equity partner in a second position behind the first loan. And that typically happens when there's a little hairiness on the deal or if the numbers aren't really adding up, right? Or maybe it's been sitting a while or, you know, there's not like, you know, instant thing's got 14 offers on it and it's going to sell, right? Because competition kills you. So that that kind of negotiates when there's not a lot of competition or if there's something with a little bit of hair on it. Make sense? Okay. Yeah. And then what you would do is, you know, prior to even submitting an offer on it because the way that I would typically do that is that I would underwrite it normally and then you talk to the broker and the broker's like, "Yeah, you know, it's probably not going to work. Price point is too off, blah, blah, blah." and you say, "Listen, let me go ahead and underwrite it with some seller financing because if I put it in that way and then I don't have to go get bank financing and this and that and this and that, then I may be able to pay a little bit more money. I may be able to pay what the seller's asking because that's usually the offshoot is that the seller gets a price reasonable to what they're asking and then you're able to get it with their type of financing to help you. Make sense?" Yeah. Thank you. that that kind of bridges that gap because now you get what you want and they're able to get a little closer to what they wanted so everybody can win from that and that's usually a better better scenario and then they would just become a lender on the property uh and you could take out the current loan or you could replace that current loan and still keep them in. So, but that's how I would negotiate it. It depends on the deal and kind of, you know, how long has it been on, the hairiness of it, and if there's not a bunch of activity and offers on it in terms of competition, it'll better suit you. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. And then Rory, I see you on here real quick. I'm going to bring you up. Are you there? Yeah. Can you hear? Awesome. I can hear you. Can you turn up your mic a little bit? Um, I'll try to speak into I don't know how to do that. Yeah, there we go. Much much better. Much better. Um, couple questions. So, on the the the deal calculator on the financing piece of the property, it it says that it's a 30-year amortization payment. So, the payments is based on a 30-year uh amortization. But you not you said that the typical the loans are like 5 7 10 years. Does that mean that there's like like a balloon at the end of that? Yeah. So yeah. So this would be a good uh tip for people. There's a difference between the the term of the loan being three, five, seven or 10 years. That's typical commercial construction financing. or commercial financing and then how it's how the payments are calculated which is what's called amortization amortization amort amortization. So this is usually 25 to years. That's how they calculate the payment. Right. Right. This is the term of the loan meaning it needs to be refinanced or paid off in three, five, seven or 10 years. So that's how if you got to the end of the the term, you would either sell the property or refinance the property. Okay. But your monthly payments are determined off 25 or 30 years. Does that make sense? Yes. Um so for the purpose of the the the the analyzing a deal on the on the calculator, it's using 30. Is that a safe assumption? Yeah. Yeah. Be somewhere between that and 25. And it depends on the lender, right? It depends on the lender. But yes, 25 to 30 years is what's built into there from the payment aspect. And then it's just a matter of the loan term, whether it's 3, five, seven or 10. Okay. Another quick question. So, you know how you you did that um quick scenario where you used the uh to get the NOI with the 50% of uh the um Yeah, the revenue. Yeah. Like kind of like that napkin approach. If if can you do that if the price is if if those numbers are penciling out at that point based on whatever the cap rate should be in the market, can you then assume that the other IR numbers and the cash flow cash on cash numbers will pence out or do you have to go through is uh No, not necessarily. Yeah, you do want to actually plug it into your analyzer um just to kind of see. I mean, you can figure out cash on cash pretty easy, but the IRRa takes into account cash flow plus appreciation and you're putting time to it, right? Two, four, five years. And so you do need to look at that from a return standpoint, not just because when you do what I'm talking about, you're just getting like a static number to say, okay, this thing covers the bank loan, right? In terms of the returns for the bank, right? Yeah. Giving you enough income to substantiate the loan, but that doesn't mean you'll substantiate investor uh requirements. Okay? That's why you have to plug it in because you could you could cover the loan the way you need to cover the loan, but that does not mean you cover, hey, I to get an investor to invest with me, I need 15% a year on their money. Well, I I cover the loan. That doesn't mean I'm going to make the investor happy. So, that's why you need to look at both, right? Yeah. So obviously in that top part of that uh napkin formula um like the numbers the the expenses and the numbers and the income they are what they are. Um the the the key thing is is the the cap rate to determine the price. Right. So for the correct for the exit but al but but also on valuating the the the price price today right today right yeah that's right so what I would do right if if I were going into a market I didn't know about and I didn't know what the cap rates were right if I was just learning about the market uh number one I'm going to utilize the brokers so I'm going to listen to the brokers and then I'm going to have them I'm going to have them send me some comps and Then I'm also going to go on to AI and I'm going to ask AI to evaluate the market for me and tell me what some comps and things have sold for and some cap rates for that specific city and town. Uh, and for this type of product, you know, 1965 product, you know, class C 20 unit apartment building in this city. Here's the address. And I want to understand maybe what some going cap rates are based on some comparable sales that have happened over the last, you know, 6 months. You know, please use some data from Co-Star and a couple other websites and give me some information about cap rates going in the market, a range and see what it comes up with. Um, okay. I can tell you right now that just historically speaking, whatever the interest rates are, did I do that right? completely wrong. Whatever the interest rates are, which right now interest rates are going to be somewhere, depending on your deal, but for everybody here, you're going to be somewhere between 5.8% right now all the way up to probably 7.2%. on your interest rate depending on the loan amount, size of the deal, if you know if it's a rena deal or a stabilized property that's cash flowing today, that type of stuff is going to dictate that. So I would be using somewhere between 6% and probably 6.5% is my interest rate when I was analyzing deals. So that's interest rates. Typically cap rates have to mimic the interest rates because think about it for a minute. If your net operating income, right, if that is not enough to cover your interest payment on the property, well then you can't buy it. So therefore, the cap rates that things are selling for because cap rate what it means is like what's the what's the cash return on this thing? If I had no loan on it, I had no debt, it was just the cash return on this building. That's what cap rate means. So when you see 6% cap rate, that means the building is returning 6% cash on cash return with no debt. That's what that means. If it's 5%, it means it's giving you 5% cash on cash return, no debt. when you put debt on it, obviously that can change things, but that's the whole point because you can't pay an interest rate if you're buying at a cap rate below the interest rate, right? If cap if they're telling you cap rates are 5% yet you're paying an interest rate of 6 and a half, you might as well just go and bankrupt yourself because you can't pay an interest rate when you getting you're getting cash flow of five and you're paying an interest rate of 6 and a half. See how that doesn't work? Right. Right. The only way this works is if you put an enormous amount of money down, like 90% down, which you wouldn't do, right? So, you can, as long as this is close enough, meaning you could pay a 6% cap rate and pay a 6 and a half% interest rate, that's within about a half point. You can actually maneuver that thing to make sense and pay this cap and that interest rate. You could do that, but any more than that, it starts to get really tight. And you'll see how those numbers work together because when you start looking at the deal analyzer and you're saying, "Hey, I'm paying a six cap for this thing and my interest rate 6 and a half and the numbers are working great." And then you realize, hey, if I change the purchase price, it doesn't work because then now my cap rate goes down and then now I get into this scenario and that doesn't work. But that would that would not does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. So now it's just a matter of you know you can find out you know what what I mean I would be using if I were doing anything in the Midwest in the United States anything outside of coastal zones in the heart of the country I'd be using a 6% cap rate for my exit cap rate 3 to five years from now. I would not use anything less than that. It's just not I don't know that that makes sense. I mean, you'd have to really make a good case for it that you would buy a five you'd have a 5 and a half exit uh down the road, you know, 3 to 5 years from now. Um I think you you know, you need to look at that especially anywhere in the middle part of the country outside of the coastal zones. Coastal zones. Um in the coastal zones it's different. Like San Diego is like four and a half to five, even maybe five and a half. Uh even in today's market. Um but keep in mind people aren't buying for cash flow. They're buying for wealth preservation. Different. Like they'll literally break even on the building to avoid taxes. Whereas what you're trying to do is grow wealth, grow money. In order to do that, you need to buy you need to buy cash flow. Like you have to buy cash flow otherwise you implode, right? Because you're in wealth growth mode. No different than we are. Could I do like a run through like a quick one that I found in in in Grand View in KC that I was looking at? Actually, I was looking at before. Yeah, we got about five minutes. You bet. Yeah. Yeah. What's the uh let's walk through uh what is the the revenue like the projected rents total? So So it's a 9 plus. So it's it's uh the the revenue is about 800 a unit. It's one bedrooms. So I did that 800. Okay. Eight time nine you said? Yeah. 8 time nine. Yeah. Okay. And then do they are they giving you uh any kind of economic what and where's this one at? Kansas City. Yeah. It's in Grand View. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to take 10%. Okay. off your numbers there for economic loss. I'd probably do more, but that's fine. Okay. So, now you have 6480. This is what's called EGI, effective gross income. Kind of like operating income. Mhm. And what what's the age of the building? Do they have expense numbers for you? They they don't really have good numbers. Okay. And then because they don't have good numbers, that screws them. Their fault. Yeah. So I would be using and what's the age of the building? It's it's I think it's built in like the six 1960 around there. Okay. So you're going to be at least 40% upwards of 50% of your expense ratio. So for today's math, let's use 45. This is my net operating income number. And then in that market, you're going to be at least 6% on your cap rate. Guaranteed. Guaranteed. We'll just use that for simple math. So 3564 * 12. Remember, I need to annualize it. That's 42768. That's my total net operating income divided by the 6% cap rate. What are they asking? They're actually asking exactly that. Interesting. So, that's a fair deal. Yeah. You just want to negotiate down from that. If that's what they're asking, you want to start playing ball down. So you now you can like Christine was saying the deal's made right you need to make that deal now because now what you do is you go in and you know you try and you know build it out a little bit better than that right you verify yeah so there there is some um there is so I had I had a a friend that was under I mean I don't really know them that well but somebody that I know that was under contract with this and they tried to get him down to like 600. Y um but they wouldn't they wouldn't budge, but they I believe that they got them down all the way down to like maybe 635 640 and then and then they wouldn't come off that price. But there is probably like at least about 50 to 60,000 of like renovation like to the roof and just basic stuff just to get it like maybe a little bit more. Yeah. Keep in mind there's a difference between deferred maintenance and in what they call capex improvement stuff that will actually raise rents. So what you're talking about is what's called deferred maintenance. They just need to do that for baseline, right? Yeah. So that's 50 60 grand there. So that be done. So yeah, so this is like in a perfect scenario and take another 50 grand off that 60 grand in the rena. So that's where you get to the mid60s on your price. All it was 630 if you could pick that up for that. So use that number in your deal analyzer and see what kind of IRRa and cash on cash you get based on an interest rate of 6 and a half%. Right? and maybe even put use between six and a half to seven and play with that interest rate. Okay, play with that interest rate and presume a 70% loan all the way to a 65% loan. Play around with the down payment between 60 uh between 35 to 30% down and an interest rate of 6 12 to 7% on that deal and see how it flows through and plug that in and send that over to us and we'll help you review it. Okay. Okay, I'll do that. Yeah, I I started that last night and you know Yeah. Okay. Awesome. I know Bruce has one quick question then we got to jump off. We do that. Thank you. Hey Bruce. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hoping I'd have a little bit more time. But um so what I'm finding in my primary market um which is Huntsville is I've made contact with a couple brokers now. Um, but there are very few deals that, you know, are advertised and I've talked to these guys, you know, about the fact that I know that there's, you know, a lot more that's off market to which they, you know, validated certainly, but um, not talking about it. So, right now there's only one property that's out there that, you know, is in um is in the range. It's 20 unit uh 11 one and it seems to be priced at something that has potential, but I mean I'm just wondering if I should maybe uh go to a different market, look at a, you know, look harder at a different Yeah. Yeah. What I would do, let me When was the last time you were out in Huntsville? Uh, it's been gosh, it's been about nine months. Okay. So, you need to plan a trip out there, your three-day trip, because you need Absolutely. Yeah. You need you need to meet the brokers. The reason why they're not talking about the deals is because they don't know you, right? You need build some rapport there. Yes. To that question on that one. that's going to help you. Number two is I would open up other areas in Alabama. So, you know, whether it's Montgomery or a few others that you can start looking at for some deal flow, but you know, some other areas you like. I know why you like Huntsville. It's a good one, but it's also relatively small, you know, overall town setup. So, you could open up and look into other areas of Alabama to find some good deal flow and that way you're seeing some things and then it's just getting comfortable with the markets. But if you've identified Alabama as like your main state right now, which I think is great, then it's just a matter of hopping out there and spending a little bit of time, call it the reconnaissance mission, and that's going to allow you to meet some of these brokers and get behind the scenes to bellyto belly. It's still a good old cowboy and cowgirl club, right? No matter how you shake it, it's still, do I like you? Do I trust you? Do I know you? Great. Oh, I thought of you. I met you. Put a face with a name. Yeah, let me send you this deal that's coming to market. There's just no way around it. I mean, I that's the beautiful part about real estate is it's still such a people business that Yeah. As as great as you want to get with all this AI and all this other tools and virtual and all this other stuff, it's still the same thing. It's a brick building that you can knock on and people want to talk to you and touch you about it. And that's that's the great thing about it because it's it's very hard to replicate that with technology. So, but that would be my recommendation. Yeah. So, awesome everybody. Well, yeah, this was fun. I hope you got a chance to kind of walking through a few deals today, breaking down some of the stuff. But that's, you know, and then if you have other questions about finding the deal side, you know, please reach out to us because we'll work through your current situation to put you in the best position to get the deal flow because that's the key is you're in that first stage right now, right? where you just you got to find and analyze, find and analyze, find and analyze and write offers. And that's the first stage until things start to pop. But if you're hitting some resistance, let's talk about that so we can kind of work through some scenarios for you. So awesome. Everybody have a great rest of your day and happy Memorial Day weekend.