Hello, hello, hello. Let everybody on in here. One second. Come on in. Happy Tuesday. Can everybody hear me? Okay. Audio-wise, can you see everybody coming on in? Awesome. One second here. Good to see everybody's shiny faces. Happy Tuesday evening. Happy Tuesday. How's everybody doing today? Good. Uh Tony and Ryan, you guys are on here. I know. Are you guys still out in Kansas City? Okay. Yeah, we we'll go over that briefly here in just a minute. Um, I've been in the midst of I I do, you know, I do not wish moving on any human soul. It's like maybe the worst thing ever to have to move a house. Uh, but now I just moved into a new home. So, um, great thing obviously, but it's just a complete utter pain in the butt as anybody knows that that moves. There's there's no no easy part about it for sure. Um, well, yeah. real quick because I know Ryan and Tony, you guys are on here. Do you want to chat real quick about what you found when you went out to Kansas City? Because I know that there were some some items that didn't show up as you had planned. Yes. So, one of one of the things that was a big surprise and we really discovered it when we were speaking with a broker um a loan broker was that the rubs were in the rent roll and it wasn't really disclosed that it was in the rent roll. So, of course, when we go through the deal analyzer, we put in the rent from the uh rent roll and then we put in utilities. So, now we ended up double dipping. So, when we discovered that, obviously, that affected our NOI. When we pulled that out, it really threw the numbers completely out of whack. And this is some of the stuff we want to talk to you about tomorrow. Our our takeaway is that all the stars have to align perfectly where, you know, we have to get perfect market rent. We got to be able to get the 5% management fee. We've got to be able to um um I don't even remember. Oh, get a get get the loan at six and six and 3/4%. Um you know, everything to get to a 16 uh% IRR and I'm just not liking the deal. Um yeah, you know, so anyway, yeah, let's uh um do you have a deal analyzer in front of you real quick? Uh we can bring it up. Yeah. Yeah. I'd be curious because this is a great learning experience for anybody that's on here. So just understanding where Tony and Ryan are at. They went into escrow. Uh they're they were doing their inspections. They obviously flew out to the property and they're getting started on that process. And you know in that beginning stage, that's some pretty important information to find out. The so rubs are reimburseables for typically for utilities, for other things that you get reimbursed for by the tenants, uh sometimes on a flat fee, sometimes um percentage based, but it helps with you covering the property's expenses. If you think about it, water, sewer, some other expenses on the property, the tenants are going to reimburse you on a monthly basis for that and it goes into other income on that deal analyzer. So, what Tony and Ryan were stating was they added up that rubs, but then they come to find out that's actually in the the rent that's being charged. So, it's overstating the rent numbers if I'm not mistaken. Correct. And understating the other income because that's really not there. Yeah. And then and then what happens is we would have to bump up everybody at to, you know, atund. So, you know, we're literally uh two blocks from from your unit that you've got in escrow. Yeah. Yeah. Warwick. So, you know, the rents, I mean, we would have to bump it up by 125 bucks a month, you know, brand come in brand, you know, brand spanking new. I mean, the inside everything appears um you know, that that they've done a nice job with it, but it's strictly street parking. So, there's no off- streetet parking. Y um and then um No, there's no there's no off- streetet parking. It's all on street. Correct. Because what they did is they took what was off streetet and then they they fenced it in and created a nice sitting area, a little, you know, nice common space in the back, which is nice, but that means you you gave up the um off streetet parking. Well, and that is going to hinder you, right? And especially if we're going to try and bump the rent, you know, so we'd have to bump the these are onebs. They're a little smaller than yours. These are 619 square feet. I think you're at 700 or something. Mhm. And um and you know, we're talking uh you know, 10 1075, you know, um a unit which or one bedroom or two or one one bedroom. So I think and I think yours is at about a thousand. In fact, we had a really nice meeting with uh with Kim and Brandon over um they came over to the property and we were talking and you know, their honest opinion is yeah, it's just not they don't think it's very realistic to bump the rent that high. I mean that's like a No. So, so what we're going to do, pull up the deal analyze real quick. Let's let's let's renegotiate that thing and then it's a matter of having discussions with the brokers. I mean, that's it's that simple. It's it's not an emotional play, but this is the stuff that has to go down to ensure that you're buying a property. Right. Right. Otherwise, you're going to be fighting yourself and I call peeing into the wind, and that doesn't end well for anybody. Right. Exactly. Can you allow the sharing screen sharing? Oh, yeah. One second. I know it's always a bad analogy. My my dad always used to say, you know, um you know, trying to piss up a rope or pee into the wind. People think people think about that for a minute. They're like, "Wait, that that doesn't work." That's No, that's the whole point. It doesn't work. Exactly. It gets a little gets a little messy. Um pulling it up. Something else that was kind of a a surprise. So, in talking with um you know, just trying to get a lender on on the deal. So, they're saying that um it's three times the loan amount that you have to have as um equity, you know, as net worth with 10% of the loan amount being liquid. Well, the 10% of the loan amount liquid is fine. Three times is not accurate. It's typically a one to one uh on the net worth. So, sometimes people will bring in a partner that may have a little bit better balance sheet to help sign on the loan uh if needed. If needed. Okay. Yeah. No, this this this broker that was recommended to us from the uh from the the uh the real estate uh uh selling agent uh or broker. Um he made it real clear. It's three times the loan amount. So, on a loan amount, let you know we're looking at uh 850. So you're looking at, you know, almost 2.5 million that, right? That's that's Yeah, that's not accurate. It should be a one to one on net worth to loan amount. Now, this is for a life insurance. Yeah, that's why. Oh, that's why. That's why. Yeah, you're going with a hyper Yeah, you're going with hyperconservative money. That's why. Looking at this deal analyzer, everybody can see this on screen here. So, they got a million 215 is the ass. That's the purchase price, 12 units, and you know, 6.75 is your interest rate. And then scrolling on down to the current rents are 950. That's what they're getting today. But that includes how much how much of that is is uh other income or No. So we pulled that we pulled that out once we learned that we've we've now adjusted this to reflect the actual rent. So the actual rents are are 950. Correct. Yeah. Gotcha. I'm sure that Brandon and those guys are telling you with North Terrace that you're probably at market or close to it, right? Yeah. I mean they're saying you're you're you're they said you're at about a thousand. you're a little bit uh bigger. So, you know, so yeah, I mean, and and yet to make this deal really pencil, we've got to get it to a monthly rent of 1075. So, that's where I'm Okay. So, here's what we're going to do. Drop it down to $1,000. So, you're going to bump it 50 bucks, but you're going to go to $1,000 on your on your increase. Okay. And all the other expenses are in line, so you're good there. Um, you know, you can see we got normally normally when we when we do this, we do management at 8, but you know, here's the problem. That's another thing. Yeah. So, the owner turns out the owner of the property also owns the property management company. So, that has that has some that raised Yeah. you were going to third party, your your your all-in rate, your blended rate, which includes commissions, any leasing costs, anything you're going to go through, not just the management fee, you can get for five, six%. That's true. But then when you add in kind of leasing expenses and cost and commissions over time, it'll probably be closer to seven to eight. Okay? Right. So once again, let's let's let's adjust it and go back because if you're going to have a good PM company run it, you know, let's run it like we're going to really run it. Let's put it at 7% for a minute. Yeah. I think we got quoted from North Terrace 7% plus their fee schedule. Yeah. Their fee schedule on top of the seven. Yeah. So you could get it down to six plus fee schedule. You get it to eight. Like a blended blended of eight. But if you're at seven here and then you got your vacancy loss and credit loss and stuff, um, which is tight, you know, that's tight to say you're going to run that thin on your vacancy and credit loss. So, how many offers were on this property? I don't know that there were any um that we were competing against. Okay. It was part of a portfolio. So, there were three properties. This was the last redheaded, you know, stepchild. We actually um put in an offer on the on a larger unit, but by the time that we all talked it through um they were already under contract. So then what what's the existing net operating income from the last T12? See, let's look T12. enable or whatever. It's fine. Yeah. Just go to the 12 month. And is this pretty This is what you got from them pretty accurately. Yeah. Okay. To the best of their ability here. Okay. Um just scroll down to the NOI. Scroll over. Is it 92,000 for the year? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Does that seem uh nothing weird in those numbers at all? It didn't seem like it. Um I mean, this is where we're really getting accurate with the rents without the rubs, you know, because we have the uh utilities and we added that as other income. But um yeah, so go ahead and go back. Um, yeah, that's in is is insurance and and stuff in those numbers, insurance, taxes, all that in those numbers. Yeah, I think their mortgage on it though was super low. Yeah, but that's that's I'm only getting to the NOI. Remember, mortgage comes in. Yep. I'm just trying to see where the property is operating at, you know. So, somewhere the cap rates in that market are somewhere between 6 to 7% right now. Uh, in general, I think, you know, we're selling at like a 6.2 to uh cap but um so you can so you can see based on you know 8% management fee etc now our DCR doesn't pencil correct and you have to understand the lenders are going to underwrite to certain numbers here um I mean everybody's even when we talked to core first I mean she needs 1.27 27 and she's at 7%. So, she wasn't Yeah. I don't know. Um 7%. Yeah. For their for their interest rate. Yeah. Yeah. We really can't make that work, right? Uh go ahead and Okay. So, scroll down real quick. Gotcha. Yeah. So, keep going up because unfortunately for these guys, you know, they uh and the expense numbers you put in there, if you scroll up to the expenses, like those are the accurate ones that they gave you. Yeah. From the P&amp;L. Okay. Yep. So, you're just adjusting them a little bit here and there. So, just so everybody's kind of looking at this on screen, you have the current current expenses and then you have the future, you know, where you're trying to adjust, you know, similar on the taxes, insurance, maintenance, repair, [Music] uh, why is this showing at 11 and yet it's 17? Utilities. Okay. And you have other income and stuff like that. Okay, there's utilities as an expense, but there's still rubs as well. Scroll. How what are you paying per unit? Scroll up. 101,000. Okay. Yeah. So, you're not out of whack. Um Yeah. They originally had it on the market for 1.6 million, which is not going to happen. That was not going to happen. Yeah. What what's what's uh Yeah. what's causing the issue is your interest rates and um I mean rents are what they are right now. Expenses are what they are. Um yeah, the issue is your interest rates. That's what's that's what's hindering higher pricing. And we're putting in 6.75 which core first seven. So, you know, so our our uh our DCR would be even worse. Yeah. So, scroll up a little bit farther. And you guys are doing 35% down. So, I mean, that's a good amount down. Yeah. So, drop that down to uh a million bucks. I just want to see what this thing looks like real quick. Scroll down. Yeah, that starts to play ball. Um, yeah, we have one lender that's looking into credit union stuff. They get maybe down to six and a quarter, right? We're told what Listen, it's going to help a little bit. But even if you did that, go back up and put it at a million 150 or or back up to your number million 215 and then drop that down to six and a quarter. I mean, it's going to help out a little bit, but it's not going to be crazy crazy, you know. I mean, our DCR is, you know, I mean, that's right. But, but I'm looking at your I mean, you can't run that tight. You can't run in an average COC of 5% cash on cash there and a 10% IR. You can't attract money. People are they'll be like, I mean, I'll just stay in what I got. I'll keep it in my 401k, right? Because you're trying to attract money into this thing and have people give you a little bit of money and that's not going to work. You need to see somewhere north of 14, 15, 16, 18%. And ideally 16 plus. So what I would do is I'd try and get this thing drop the price until you get to a point where that thing is at a 16 irr. Even that's not that attractive. I mean, but your your um your LPS will be at like 14 and change, right? So you're not even there yet. So, you need to get that thing down to a million one. Let's keep going until we hit a 16 IR. It almost seems like just a million. Well, that's going to get you 18. 18. Yeah, almost 19, which is great. Uh, one, let's try one. Yeah, you're not there yet. So, you need a million million50,000 is where you're going to be at. Watch. she's going to be your number. So, this is what you need to do and this is how I would handle it. Um, and yeah, it's not a fun conversation, but you got to go back to them and I would literally [Music] um, you know, I mean, I would almost do I mean, there's different ways you can handle it. You can start without a video. Do you guys use Loom by chance? Do you know what Loom is? No. It's a free kind of video screen recording thing where it allow you to kind of screen record while you're talking like this. Okay. No different. It's free. You can use it. Uh but what I would do is, you know, talk to the broker. Um and did you already did you guys pause your inspections right now? Yep. Yep. Cancel them all. Cancelled everything. Okay. Even our even our walkth through tomorrow because uh Yeah. So, have you talked to the broker yet? Are they like going, "What the hell's going on?" Yeah, we did. We just let them know that, "Hey, we need to pause everything so we could look a little further into this right now." Um, yeah. So, I was, so this is the way I would play I'd play it. I'd give them a call and say, "Listen, do you have a minute?" Okay, great. Look, to find out that the rubs were in the rent roll is a big problem, okay? It changes the entire financials. And with interest rates at 6 and 3/4 right now, which is where a property of this area is going to be, we've talked to all of our lenders. They want us north of 1.27 on the DCR. And all of our investors, in order for us to come in and actually close this deal, they need to see at least a 16 IRR. And we're running all the numbers. And I'm using your numbers, broker, your numbers in the system. And I can show you real clear where this thing pencils out. In order for this thing to pencil based on interest rates and everything else out, with all things being equal, it's at a million50,000. And it's this is not an emotional decision to make and I'm not trying to lowball anybody. This is straight financials. You know, we can't get a loan and we can't raise the equity and whether it's us or somebody else, unless they're bringing cash and they're going to close cash, it ain't going to happen and there's nothing I can do about it. So, we're we want to do the deal and we want to go, but it has to be at this price. Otherwise, I we can't bring in our equity partners who we have lined up and we can't get the lender on board who we have lined up. And that's the unfortunate thing about it. So, you know, talk to the seller, let them know. You know, unfortunately, I don't like to retrade before we even started anything, but you know, if I would have known all of this going in, we would have just given you an offer at a million million bucks. Yeah. you know, we're willing to come in at a million50 and because we've rerun the numbers and make them as tight as we can and talked to our PM company, we've talked to the lenders, we've talked to our equity partners, and here we go. But it's got to be at this number, you know, in order for us to proceed, you know, and I and I wish I had better news, but that's just an honest conversation. Well, then the other thing is we saw the property, there's a retaining wall um that separates uh the front of the of the building from the house uh the driveway of the house um next door. and it's completely leaning over. It's cracked off from the front. So, it looks like they redid the front um you know, stack stone thing. And on the side, nothing on that side. And that's got to be that that's a retaining wall. Um nothing likely going to call is it it's it's detached from the property, but it's it's retaining the near the the next door neighbor. Is that what I'm understanding? So, so it's it's keeping the the front lawn dirt area um of the of the apartment in place, but it's that earth that has obviously been moved or whatever. And so therefore, that retaining wall is what's keeping all of that yard going into the neighbor's driveway. Ah, gotcha. Okay. So, it's just Okay. It's just old. It's a matter of time before that thing falls. Yeah. Exactly. And right now, I mean, if somebody if that neighbor of a car were to sideswipe the thing, they'd have a legitimate ground saying, "Hey, you're encroaching into our space." You know? Well, yeah. More importantly, once again, blame it on the lender. Say, "Our lender is going to have that thing. They're going to call it out and want it to be fixed. So, I'm going to ask you to fix it. I'm just telling you right now, okay? Because the type of loan, they're going to call it out." And they probably will when they do a property conditions report. They're going to call that wall out, guaranteed. Mhm. So, it's going to come up later. So, it's just a matter of trying to work through it and saying, "Listen, how can we make this happen?" Because it has to be at this price. I understand the seller's not going to be happy. I'm happy to get on a phone call with a three-way with all of us and walk through, but the numbers are what they are. I can't change them. So, it's a financial thing. It's not I'm not trying to emotionally retrade you. It's just a strictly a financial decision, and we have to make the right one. And we can proceed forward at a million50, but that is I mean I was going to come back at a million bucks, but we can do a million50 and proceed, but I just need to know whether that can happen and just kind of leave it at that and be and detach from it. Detach from the result. I mean, I understand like you guys have flown out there, but that's actually a good um exercise. Had you guys been out to Kansas City yet? No. No. Okay. So, and just this is great lessons for anybody else in here. If if you're doing an out of area market, you do need you should go visit that market in advance of you doing an actual deal. You don't always have to. It's just always better because it's going to give you a really good feel because you guys right now you've probably driven around the last day or two you've been there and now you're starting to get a really good feel for the areas, right? Yeah. And saw some other deals already. Yeah. you're starting to just get a feel for the good areas, the bad areas, the rents, where to be, where not to be, all these little things and nuances that you're going to know and it doesn't take more than a couple days to see that and then talk to some brokers and people to give you some more insight. So, just so even even at that million50, okay, again, this is penciling. I mean, it's still slim at 16%. And that's based on us being able to increase the rent, you know, I think fairly quickly, right? From from 950 to a,000. Oh, that's only $50 increase. Yeah, but you you would you would be doing that over lease lease renewals, right? Lease renewals over the upcoming year, which is fine. The key is being able to operate. What I'm looking at right now is if you look over your current numbers, if you keep all this in play at 950, you're operating at a 1.45 DCR. Yep. Okay. So, so your year one's going to suck, right? But your year two will get better. So, that's why when you scroll down, keep scrolling down. see your year one cash on cash at 6.34 and then it improves almost an entire point and some change by year two. So your average starts kicking up. That's that's good. It's what you want to see. Okay. Yeah. And your equity multiple is north of two and then your IRRa is at 16 almost 17%. So because you're then your IR for your your limited partners is going to be somewhere around 14 and change right at 7525 though not a 7030. Okay. But, you know, I did an 8020 on my first deal, guys. I'm just being straight up. But, make sure that you are also your own LP. Remember, you're you're going to invest it right alongside your limited partners. So, that way you're getting paid at the same time they are. So, whether that's 7525, you're still getting your piece of the 75. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. So, so your money in is still get your money's making money the entire time and you're getting paid just like your investors get paid. And then once you hit the hurrah, then you get your extra 25% on top. And so let me ask you this. Is it common that these loans have recourse um um where the GP is actually, you know, personally? It depend. Yeah, it depends on the deal. So uh no, it's not common, but it depends on the bank. So sometimes they may give you a partial recourse. Meaning when I say recourse, everybody on here that means that you're personally guaranteed. So, uh you can negotiate that to like a partial recourse to meaning uh it's only up to a certain uh amount of the loan, right? So, it's not the entire loan amount. Maybe it's a certain amount of the loan and for a certain period of time. So, there is negotiations in that FYI. Um but it it depends on the deal. Most times it's nonreourse, but if the if it's a local commercial bank, they may try and be more recourse, but then you can put a stipulation on it that it it uh caps out. Maybe if if your loan is going to be scroll up to your loan amount. Okay, so loan amount 680,000, you may say, hey, you know, it's it's a recourse up to 300. So you're technically you're only on the hook for 300. That'd be nice per personally. personally. So, it's it's it's it's negotiable. Um, but it's not a substantial enough loan where I'd be freaking out about it. Especially if if you're operating under good fundamentals, which in this case you are. You're putting 35% down. You're in a good equity position for that thing ever to kick into effect. I mean, we have to go into World War II. I mean, honestly, Right. Right. So, it's just it's just outweighing it's weighing your risk, that's all. But this is really good learning for everybody on here kind of looking at this because this is an actual deal 12 unit in Kansas City Midwest that they, you know, are in escrow on and you getting to see the real underwriting and how it's going down. Does anybody have questions specifically on this that you're seeing right now that we're talking about? Uh, you know, whether it's, you know, you, John, or Ernest or anybody else on here this evening? Luis, hey, what's up everyone? I um I missed the part I got I showed up a little late because I Yeah. Anyway, so I would love to see the where the rubs went, you know, it was indicated in the T12 and how to spot that and where it went wrong. I would just love some clarification. Here's here's what we discovered for the spotting of it. Um we didn't connect the dots. Again, this is our first deal, right? So we didn't connect the dot that if we looked at the T12, there was a line item um for utility. And so when we looked at the rent roll since it you know some of these rent rolls will break it out. Um this one did not break it out. And so when we were doing the um putting the numbers into the deal analyzer, we took the numbers um from the rent roll without realizing that the rubs were already in there. You follow? Yeah. Kind of. Let's see. So the monthly charges in of,021 included the utility is what you're saying. Yeah, we we thought these were kind of, you know, decent rents or for a onebedroom. It wasn't It's not out of the ordinary necessarily. Um it's a round market, but not so much. Maybe a little on the high side. Yeah, it was a little high. Right. Yeah. Right. And on the T12 um you know we look at the actual income maybe just of the last month of December at 11,400 divided by 12 then you're at 950. Got it. So then what what happened there in your deal analyzer is what I'm trying to understand. Like you went back and the numbers like were like no this is not working. Um it's not penciling out. So how did you make that I don't know um uh connection actually from a lender. Yeah. So so the so we're talking with a lender we had given them all the financials and so we had a discrepancy as to what he was seeing as NOI and what we were showing as NOI and so then we discovered what the problem was. So, we were we put in these uh these rent numbers um or again off of the rent roll um as the rents and then we had a separate line item for utilities that we pulled off of the the T12 and we put that in. Well, we were double dipping because it turned out that the rent numbers that we put in in the first place already included the rubs. Is that common, Justin? Like, is that that we should be looking? No, not common. They're always broken out separately. So the mere fact that it was and listen it's not I mean the owner who whoever was doing listen they're their own property management company so clearly they were right so hence the reason why the numbers were fudged but you know you found out and that's a disclosure item. uh but it hinders the deal and that listen it's a great chance to leverage it because you go in you say listen guys these numbers have changed drastically because this is one example but then our lenders are looking at it and other people are looking at it and they're saying listen it's too thin with the interest rates the way they are and where things are at based on all the expenses and we're keeping your numbers Mr. broker that you provided to us and we're using them. It doesn't work. I mean, it it just doesn't work to where we can actually get a loan and bring in our equity partners to take on this risk with us. I mean, it just doesn't work. So, then they're going to say, "Okay, well, what does work?" You say, "Honestly, I was going to come back at a million dollars because that's where it does work in today's environment." And but we could make it work at a million50. You know, in your experience, does the seller often be like, "Okay, fine." Or they're going to be like, "Nope." Like, what's depends on their motivation? Depends on their motivation. You know, how bad do they need to sell? What are they trying to do? Um, it's all about the motivation of the seller. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. And the good thing is we're totally okay with from, you know, walking away from the deal. Well, and then and you have to be non nonattached in a way and just say, "Hey, listen. Yeah, we want to do it. We want to make it happen." But you once again, it's your first one. It's important that you get it as right as you can. It's never going to be perfect. And you're going through this great exercise. And you're learning a ton going through it, aren't you? Oh, yeah. Big time. Um, and it's it's going to make you much much better as you go through it, right? That's the entire it's the entire purpose of this. So, now I ask the question with every financials if it's not are the rubs included in this rent roll, right? It's no different than all the things that I learn and then you ask about and then we put together that due diligence checklist with all the questions and everything in there. There's a reason for that stuff. But this is the first time I've actually seen them include the the rubs in the rent, the actual rent. We've seen it now on some other financials. So that's why I'm asking and and sometimes they'll say, "Well, yeah, it's broken out there." Well, great. I haven't opened it yet. I'm just gonna ask right up front. Yeah. Yeah. Gotcha. Do you think it's very weird for this property manager owner because he said he'd give us a 5%, you know, management fee, right? Well, is there a conflict of interest there? If we decide to go with him and he does 5% does a terrible job where our number Yeah. Well, exact. Well, see that's and that's why you can't underwrite to that. You see where I'm going with it? Yeah. I mean, I I understand he you may be able to get that, but um Yeah, but then you're stuck. then you're then you're but you know but listen you the the one of the hardest things to get is good people. I mean and I and we battle with it, right? I mean I don't care if if you're sitting here and you're you're a director at a company right here or you got whatever it is you got going on. Hiring good people is hard. It's just the way it is. I wish it were easy, but everybody battles with it, right? And if you've had to hire people, fire people, deal with people, it's just hard. It's hard to find good people. So getting good PM companies is critical and it's okay to pay for it because if your property doesn't stay occupied and if it doesn't stay taken care of and if your residents work orders and repair items aren't getting responded to quickly then you're going to start to have major problems at the property. you know, so it's worth it, trust me, to if if they're going to perform, it's worth paying a little bit more to ensure that that thing is truly being handled, you know, and and yeah, so that'd be my recommendation is don't underwrite to the five, underwrite to the seven or eight and see where it falls. Um I mean, unless you want to self-manage it, which I know you don't in Kansas City, then then no. So that'd be my re recommendation. Yeah, this is a great exercise. I know we took up most of the time today, but um any other quick questions before we finish up, but this was really really helpful because I think it did this help everybody here today kind of see what's where they're at and what they're going through and this is at the phase of hey, they found the deal, they've analyzed it, they've made the offer, they're in escrow at the very beginning stages, and now they're going through the inspections and all the due diligence phase and this came up. And so this is how we handle it in walking through it. But it's a great exercise to learn about because um this is where you you avoid big money mistakes right here. Okay. I loved it and I thought it was good. Yeah. Yeah. And walking through the analysis and kind of seeing what the numbers would be and and messing around with the analyzer to basically back into a number that makes sense. I think we all agree keeping all things equal because you presuming that's why I asked you are these the broker's numbers that you have in there for expenses and revenue or are these your numbers and you told me these are the broker's numbers right? Yeah. From the so he can't he can't give you the excuse and when you talk to him well you know I think you can tweak your insurance and you can tweak this number a little bit and so what that is is that's called now you're working for the proforma versus it working for you. Correct. Yeah. The only thing didn't try to do was the uh the performer rents. He was sending us more comps saying you can get the 1075. You know, these are all I mean, you know, you know the responses to that. Listen, Mr. Broker, we have friends that own complexes right around here. We know exactly what they're getting. And we're talking to all the PM companies that are right around here that are managing them. So, we know that's not true, but thank you so much. We really appreciate your optimism. Well, and the other thing which I thought was interesting, so as you know, right across the street there's there's some um parking there, right? So, they were leasing parking space because the street gets busy, right? I mean, well, and and the fact that you don't have off- streetet parking as well. You don't have street parking. So, now of course, as of December when they go to sell the property, oh, we've we found that that is not needed. So, that's an expense of, you know, 4,500 bucks a year that's no longer needed. Oh, well, that was convenient, right? And today when we drove there, you're So let let me understand this. They were leasing that spaces for the residents and now they're not. Correct. Correct. They said it was no longer needed. Nobody used it. So that'll your numbers. Yeah. I couldn't get the numbers to work with that in there. And then he says, "Well, did you factor in the fact that that's not needed?" And then of course that's what magically then you know you know what I you know what I would do is I would literally you I would literally go knock on a few doors of the residents and I'd say hey just the fact that you don't have off- streetet parking here is that a is that an issue for you? Yeah that's that's a good good question. I honestly would I'd go knock doors because there's nothing stopping you from we were going to ask that of the property management company until we found out that it's the same freaking owner. Right. Yeah. But no, I I would literally go knock a couple doors and say, "Hey, you know, we're we're interested in kind of we're interested in properties in this area." You know, some have off streetet parking, some do not. Like, what is your thoughts on that? And if they say, "Oh, man. Like, I really wish we had it. It's like so annoying to have to park down the street. So annoying to have to do this, and I have to do that." Well, then it's going to tell you real quick. Yeah. Yeah. That's great. So, but that's I would do that just to grab a couple people's opinions and and and do it in a nonchalant way. Hey, we're looking to buy in this area properties, but we're trying to see. Some have off- streetet parking, some don't. What are your thoughts on that? And let the resident tell you, oh, like it's not really that big of a deal. Okay. So, how did you deal with that number? Um, okay. So, you subtracted that number. Is that what because I have a similar thing going on right now with a apartment complex. I'm not done with the deal analyzer, but they were like, "Oh, by the way, the um owner has been paying himself $2,300." I'm like, "Well, how do you accommodate? like where do I put that in this analyzer? Because I'm like that came up to me in an email. I was like that was out of the blue. But that's a chunk of change, you know? It's like Well, yeah. Listen, once again, it's all the financials. So, you just you either take it out or you put it in uh in terms of revenue or expenses and it's going to adjust your returns and it's it's not an emotional play. You know, don't put it under under contract servicing just to you know, just to capture the number. Yeah. Just bake it in anyway. bake it in so that it's being captured as you know part of the total expense. Yeah. Got it. Thank you. The way it's in there is kind different subject. Is there is it pretty common for a call for offers? A couple properties I was looking pretty heavily at all sudden they come call for offers and now the one is still on the market. Apparently they didn't get the number they wanted I assume. Is that pretty common or does that usually mean they're getting a little desperate or is that just No. So when they say call for offers correct? Yeah. So all that is is they is it's a call for offer date. So they usually will put a date on it almost like an auction in a sense, right? Uh do they even have a price on the property or No, it was unpriced. I talked to the broker and he kind of gave me a number. He said that's what we're looking for. Yep. And then that was that was three days ago and now it's I think it's still listed. Yeah. So they have a call for offer date. They usually will throw that out there once they come on market or pre-market, however they want to do it. And they'll usually make it a couple weeks to even a month out depending on the size of the deal. Um that's all it is. Yeah, it's very very common for a call for offer date. Yeah. Do those usually close on that call for offer or is it lock? No, no, no. That's just a call for like to get offers in. Yeah. So step one would be, you know, hit that date and you could submit your offer on that date. Uh you do not want to submit it before that. Some people try to, but they're just going to leverage your offer. It's not a hardline end date. I mean, we're done that day. No, it just means we're gonna take Yeah, we're gonna take at that point if we get five offers, we're going to go ahead and look at the best ones and then we're going to go back out to market to those three offers that were the best and say, "Hey, you're in the you're now into the best and final." So, submit your best and final offer like by X date. And then you'll get into the best and final and then at that point they'll they'll select one. Okay. Yeah, good point. Awesome everybody. Well, this is great. Uh we'll put this up in the system for everybody to kind of refollow that through. But you I think you you know a uh you know the marching words guys and you just need to be able to have a a little bit of a a comfortable uncomfortable conversation with the broker and say hey we we've analyzed everything. We've gone back to the banks, lenders, our equity partners and everybody and this is kind of where we stand. um you know and just lay it on the table and say you know if you want to talk to the seller and and let's see if we can come to an agreement but uh I really want to come back at a million bucks but you know we we pushed it up to a million50 and that's where this thing makes sense assuming we get a 6.25 interest rate. Well sure yeah sure but that you'll know more that in your due diligence phase that could change things but that that's at this point I think that's a fair assessment to go in and and try and get that. Yeah. Okay. So, awesome. Thanks, Justin. Appreciate it. You bet everybody. Thanks everybody. Have a great evening. Thank you, too. Bye. Thank you. Bye. Take care.