Hello. Hello. Come on. Happy Tuesday. See everybody coming on in here. Good to see all the shiny faces. Looks like everybody's having an amazing new year. Chime on in. How's everybody doing? &gt;&gt; Doing great. &gt;&gt; Open the chat here. Good to see you, Sandy. We got We got uh Him, Tony, Craig. Good to see you, Gideon. Alan Vincent, &gt;&gt; you go. &gt;&gt; Michael, how are you, sir? &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Let everybody come on in here and then we'll get started here. Um, so we'll go about 45 minutes this evening and then uh I have some great questions that I'm going to answer too and if you're kind of hearing these hopefully they'll answer some of yours and um and then I'll open up one of the the spreadsheets and stuff to go over a deal. But a lot of them are coming from some of the deals and stuff that are out there. So um I think this will help answer several questions for for many of you. But happy new year. Thumbs up. Hello. Hello. Anything exciting you guys want to share here on Tuesday? Um, in this, you know, brand new 2026, it was an eventful start to the year. I mean, I don't know if you guys saw what happened over the weekend. Holy cow. &gt;&gt; Holy moly. I see Mark in here. Good to see you, Mark. Please mute yourself if you can &gt;&gt; and then um we'll unmute you and stuff as we speak and stuff like that. So, very cool. Um let me send out one little text here and then we'll get rocking and rolling. Okay, &gt;&gt; there we go. Um, so yeah, let me kind of do over this Q&amp;A and then if you have kind of follow-up questions on this um we can go over those as well and um and walk through these on specific, you know, deal questions, analyzer questions, stuff like that uh with regarding the the process and and all that. are most people um through some of your initial um if you're kind of if you're kind of new coming in are you stuck on the website stuff? So let me handle that real quick before we get going. Let me share the screen so you kind of you identify you know this roadmap process. But anybody kind of stuck currently in you know phases one or two I'd call it. What did you say? Hamm says, "We import an illegal immigrant from Venezuela." &gt;&gt; Hey, Justin. &gt;&gt; I heard about it like that. It's funny though. &gt;&gt; Hey, I wouldn't say we're stuck, but we're just um you know, we're just getting started, so we're moving through um you know, the first few steps there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I know that we were uh conversating going over a few of those things to get some of that initial stuff done, but you guys are moving along quite well. So, um congrats on that front. So ne next thing you know you'll have a 100 unit apartment complex closed. Yeah. Perfect. So as you're kind of going through these steps one through three if if you're just kind of coming in that's important and then getting through the market selection and all that. So we'll work through that um before we you know you're jumping into really finding analyzing and writing offers on deals which is ultimately you know four through seven. Uh it's going to be really important to set the foundation in place so that way once this happens four through seven you can uh actually lock in deals. Lock in deals. Um and then Sandy, yeah, you're still waffling on the website and market selection. Okay, good. Um in regards to the website side of it, um what's I guess what's holding you up on that? Is it getting it just completed? Is that the main part? Uh, Sandy Sandra. &gt;&gt; Yes, we just haven't finished it. Um, Doug figured out how to change some pictures and we did some of that, but some of them need to be changed back because the colors just aren't great and I just haven't done it yet. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, we're adding in a link. Uh, I think she actually we did add her in there. So, if you go into your backend under the vendor section, so the business in a box thumbnail and you click on that and then the vendors in there, we added in uh Shepra. Shupra is her name. uh been working with her for a little while now behind the scenes and she has the same onboarding form. So similar to Koya uh who does a lot of the website stuff um she does that as well and she's very well verssed in high level and everything in the back end. So if you you need another vendor person she's very wellversed in it. She's very good. You can fill out that form the same way um if you need to. &gt;&gt; And then she can help with any ongoing stuff that you may need uh in terms of getting things set up um the phone number, email, domain, um changing things on the website if you're not techsavvy, you all of that stuff. And so her contact stuff's right there in the back end. So, uh, her name is, uh, Sher Sherpra. S H I R P A Sherpra. Uh, you'll see it in the back end. So, if you go in there, her vendor info is right in there. It's right in there. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you bet. Okay, let me go over a couple Q&amp;As's and see if these uh see if you guys know the answers to them. That'll be cool. And if you don't know the answers to them, we'll go ahead and and and walk through it. So, it'll help you guys out. in when you're going through analyzing deals and looking at things. So, the first one I thought was a really good one that came over is and you got a lot of you guys know this um around the legal side of it, but what documents does the passive investor sign when they pay their share into the LLC, right? Uh when they come into the investor agreement with you. And this is the this is the PPM legal docs, right? The PPM legal documents. And if you're going to be syndicating and doing these deals and bringing in people you don't know that well, they're going to sign either just the operating agreement. So if you're dealing with people you know really well and it's only a couple of them, they can come in and just sign an operating agreement for that deal. Now, if you're raising money from people you don't know that well and let's say it's four, five, six, eight, 10 investors, that's where you're going to want to do the the private placement memorandum, which is done through the securities attorney. And that's where we've kind of walked through that and talked through that before, but we have the securities attorneys in our vendor list in the back end of your system. It's right there. And you can reach out to all of them and they will prep your legal documents for you on those deals. Todd. Um, there's Edwin in there. And then, uh, we have the other ones in there as well, Wineold, Eric Weineold, and and the other attorneys in there. And so those are the legal documents they sign before they give you money. And you would want those documents signed before they give you money. Before they give you money. Does that answer that question? Hopefully. Okay, cool. And if it doesn't, let me know and we'll go through that. Um, number two is what percentage is an investor return and how often do they get paid? So the investor return so they're getting typically 40 I'm sorry 60 to 70% of the deal. Right? If you were to take the five six investors you have in your deal collectively they're getting about 60 to 70% of the deal divided amongst their percentage. And how often uh do they get paid? You pay out quarterly. So from an accounting perspective, you would pay out quarterly both to yourself and to your investors from the cash flow. So you'll collect it monthly and then it would be distributed quarterly just to make things accounting wise easier versus you having to sit there and pay people out monthly. You would hate your life after about 3 months. So that's why you do it um quarterly. Um how soon do we use accelerated depreciation and do we do cost segregation at the same time? Yeah. So to clarify this cost segregation is the is the actual report that's done that's the report that gets done by a third party company. Uh we have several of them in the backend. If you go back in there we have cost seg uh companies. And when does this get done? For example, if you closed escrow right now, January 6th, on a deal, you would get the cost seg study done typically in the first month or two of you owning it, and that study would be done. Now, if you're going to be doing heavy renovations on the property, you may want to wait until those renovations are done. They'll keep them in consideration. So, let's say you buy it for a million dollar and you're doing $200,000 in renovation. The cost segregation company is going to ask you, "Hey, are you doing renovations to the property?" You're going to say, "Yeah, we're going to do about 200 grand." They'll add that to it so that way you can depreciate it. Does that make sense? So that way you can depreciate the whole amount and get the the total amount of that write off. And you would do that almost immediately. So within a month or two of you buying and closing on the property, you would have a cost segregation cost segregation study completed and that's going to give you the mechanism to depreciate the property quickly. Okay. So hope that answers that one. Uh Samira, do your hand up. &gt;&gt; Hello. Yes. Um so doesn't matter that how many units is that that we definitely wanted to have the cost segregation, right? If um I'm in the middle of for example four four plakes is it still is beneficial for me to get that study done right. &gt;&gt; Uh typically it is it depends on how long you're going to hold that property but yeah if you're going to be holding it for you know call &gt;&gt; five years or more then yes you absolutely want to do it. And um they don't uh se separate the capital improvements right because for example if we do some land escaping in that property it's going to it would be a capital improvement right not the cost segregation &gt;&gt; there's so that yes to answer your question that's why it's usually internal to the building by the way depreciable items so that's why you have the cost segregation report done because that report's going to literally segregate It's going to cost segregate certain things of the building and then &gt;&gt; that's we have a a plan to do some capital improvements like the maybe for example roof repairs or land escapings. So we have to wait until that we have we done this stuff and then cost segregation or no? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; No, you can just let the cost segregation company know. &gt;&gt; Hey, here's our projected improvements to the property. &gt;&gt; Improvements. Okay. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And they'll be able to use that. Yeah, it's a good question. Um, can we use the accelerated depreciation after a few years or when we cash out the property? Uh, yes. you. So, um, bonus depreciation is done over five years. So, how this works is if you were to do nothing and you just depreciated that commercial property or over normal accounting terms, it would be about 39 years. So, what you're doing is squeezing that 39 into five. That's what you're doing through bonus depreciation. So, you get most of it year one, a majority of it year one, and then you get the remainder of it years two through five. Two through five. Uh, I don't think so, Sandy. On concrete parking lots, um, I but I don't know. Uh, the cost company has all of these because it has to fall under IRS tax codes and stuff for allowable. Um, I want to say it's internal components, but yeah, that's a good question. I the the cost study or the the company would know that they would answer that for you. It's a good question for them. I've never uh had to figure that on that point. I usually just get the studies done and I see what they're going to separate and we try and you know be aggressive and opportunistic with it. Uh and tow that gray line as we call it and I just always, you know, go with the companies that have been audited before but the least amount of audits. Uh, and then what is their winning percentage on those audits? So, I just haven't I haven't had that issue thankfully. Um, when do we pay off investors? When do we pay off investors? Uh, sometimes never, but if you're able to refinance them out of the deal. Oops. No, no, I don't want that. Canceling you out. um if we're able to refinance them out of the deal right around year two or three, that's usually when you do it. Um and if you can refinance that property and because the value is high enough, you can actually pay off the investors all of their initial capital and give them their projected return up to that point, you can buy them out of the deal. And that way now you have 100% of 100%. But typically that's around years two and three of the deal. um how how long are subscription agreements uh for the term of the investment? So, you'll always go into you'll see when you read through those documents, if you were to download them from the download section, the PPM documents, you'll notice that in there it's going to state a business plan of about 3 to 5 years. That's the business plan. Those can change. They can be shorter or longer, but on average uh they'll last the term of the investment, which would be the the three to five year business plan, and then if you have to extend it, it automatically extends. Uh you pay yourself the same way you pay your investors. That's why you double dip the deal, right? That's why you literally are your own investor in your own deal. In addition to being the general partner, you're actually your own limited partner in your own deal. So, you're paying yourself when you pay your investors. That's the beauty of of the system. And then you also get the general partnership, you know, percentages, you know, once you do a great job. Does that answer that question for folks on that? Okay, cool. Um, how often do we get paid our asset management fee? Uh, that is paid monthly. It's paid monthly just like the property manager. Uh, but it's not built into the property expenses. It's built into the entity. So, you'll calculate each month, hey, we you know, we um we collected $10,000 in rent. You know, 1% on that is $100. Congratulations. You're rich. That's your asset management fee. You're rich. Don't take it to one bank. Honestly, that's there really just to pay some basic bookkeeping or accounting. It's not there to get rich awful. It's just there to cover basic time. Um, is the profit the same as the net operating income? No. So, net operating income, you know, looking at the um kind of one of these things and I'll pull this up. So, as you know with um make sure I have my pins big enough here. There we go. So when you're looking at the revenue for the apartment building, you'll have NOI and then that's that number and then you have to take out your your loan payment, your debt payment and that is going to be free cash flow. That's your cash flow. So once the NOI the NOI is there to hey what is the you know um gross profit before your debt payment before your your your loan and then this is the free cash flow that comes to to you and investors but you got to pay off your loan first and so that's the difference between profit and NOI is really just the the debt payment. Um, cool. So, that's those questions. And then I thought some other ones that came through which were really good regarding the deal analyzer. And I'll pull up this deal analyzer to kind of show you how we get through these. Um, and this actually came from David and Kelly, which I thought were some really good ones. So, I'll pull this up, share it real quick. So one of the questions came through is why do we do the reserves right replacement reserves uh as an annual expense and not a one-time requirement. Great question. So let me show you what is meant by this. So showing the deal analyzer here the reserve replacement line item down here. I'll zoom in on this thing. I think it can come in right in the expenses. Um, you have it as an annual. And the reason why it's there as an annual because it's building up a reserve account and the bank typically requires it, right? They're going to want a certain dollar figure in there. Usually, it's $250 to $300 per unit per year and it's built into the operating expenses. Okay. Some people put it, you know, below the line, above the line. I always put it above the line because you always want to account for it coming out and going in. Now, what you can do over here is let's say you don't really have a lot of repairs that the building needs, but you know, hypothetically, if your repair budget were 200 grand for a minute, I would usually throw in there an extra 25 to have, you know, a starting reserve account, right? To just have an extra starting reserve account. Throw in an extra 25 on top. of whatever you think your um renovation budget's going to be. So that way you have a separate kind of starting reserve account because that's going to affect the amount of money you bring into the deal, right? So equity will go into kind of starting a little reserve capital account. Does that make sense? And that's kind of cool and important to make sure you're properly capitalized on your deal and you don't under capitalize the deal. you don't under capitalize it because there's no nothing worse than not having enough money because keep in mind let's say you you put it out there and you have an X dollars amount that you have to to raise or bring into the deal. Um I would rather have more money and be able to give money back than to not have enough money and have to go ask for more. So you can always give money back. Trust me, investors love when you give money back. but having to go and ask for more money, uh, it it rubs people the wrong way. So, always try and get the money up front up front. Um, another question that's come up and it's happened and it probably will happen to to many of you is let's say per the deal analyzer, you have to raise, you know, $700,000 Okay, but the actual amount that you need to close the deal, to actually close on it, is only 600. Meaning down payment plus any initial closing cost is 600 grand. So, because I've gotten this a lot, hey Justin, we're at the finish line. We only have 600,000. We need 750. What do we do? Do we keep going? Do we not go? do we cancel? You know, what do we do? And so the answer is if you've raised 600 of the 750, you're moving forward like you that absolutely. So then it just becomes, okay, can you close with the 600 or what do you need to close? And they're like, well, we need 625 to close. Okay, so you only need a 20 another 25 grand to actually close on the deal. So you close on the deal, you can raise the rest of the money after you close, right? So that other 125 grand, you can raise that at any point in time after the close of escrow. Does that um make sense? Because I'll get that quite a bit because people will get scared like, "Oh, I haven't raised all the money or I'm right at the end of my due diligence period and my money's going to go hard. I haven't raised all the money yet or I've only raised half of the money. Do I go?" And the answer is absolutely. If you've raised at least half of your money or at least gotten half of it committed by the time that your due diligence period is running out, you go because that tells you, okay, it's a good deal and I've raised half the money. We just need to finish it off and we will, right? We will. So, that's a a kind of threshold point that people get, you know, concerned with, but yeah, you absolutely, you know, rock and roll with that at that point. Uh, any questions on that? Um, I think it's coming in real quick. So, hold on. Uh, other than the Renault budget, where would that extra money go if you didn't need to close? Um, other than the rena budget, where would that extra uh capital money, you would set it into a capital account that would deal with any deferred maintenance. Uh, Brian, so because let's say hypothetically you close escrow and a month after you close the water heater explodes. Well, you didn't account for that and that's going to cost you probably $3,000 to go in there and fix it. And if you haven't built up your reserve account, you necessarily don't want to use your renovation budget for it because that's set for renovations. So, that's where that money would go initially until that reserve count is built out. It's just a little extra cushion in there. It's just smart to have that. Um, cool. And then from Sandon came in, Justin, you mentioned the lender requires a per unit reserve. How do they determine that reserve amount? It's like an industry standard. Um, are reserves for taxes and insurance? Uh, typically, yes. So you're you're building it in anyway. So if you notice in your operating expenses here, we already have line items for interest uh insurance and and property taxes. So whether that goes into a side account or it goes to the lender as part of your total monthly payment there, it's going there. It's accounted for one way or the other. It's either it's built into your your monthly payment to the lender because they're uh setting up an account for uh insurance and taxes or you're going it into a site a set aside account right that you have uh to pay for those when they come due. Um can you ask for a reserve account balance to be conveyed with the deal? Can you ask for a reserve account balance to be conveyed with the deal? Uh, no. Because that's not technically um, uh, account money. That's the owner's money, right? That hasn't been used. I mean, you can ask for anything you want technically. Uh, but they're not that's not a typical standard that because that's like reserve money they've set in there. It's it's not really bank's money. It's not the property's money. It's the owner's money that they've set aside in case stuff happens. So, they're entitled to that um and it sets in the bank accounts. So, that would answer that one. Um the other one that came through, uh how do you manipulate the spreadsheet to include interestonly seller financing instead of the bank loan? Perfect question. Let's go ahead and take a look at this. So, if we were going to have an let's say we are getting an interestonly loan, right? Interest only and with no principal payment on that because the the deal analyzer set up here, right? If you look at this formula, the formula is for L13, which is right here. That's your principal and your interest payment. Principal and interest payment. If I want to change that, I can manipulate this and I can come down here and just put an equal sign. And then I want to make it interest only, which is now going to be the 63,000, which is L15 versus L13. And that's going to allow it to be here. I want to make sure it has a negative sign on it. So I put a negative in front of it and then enter. And now it's going to pull in the interest only. And I would do the same thing here. So that's on a case-byase basis. If you're getting a loan that's interestonly loan, you could do that. You could do that. And then if if you're going to have seller financing on it, but let's say the seller financing is the only loan on the property. So rather than having a traditional bank as your lender, there's no debt and the seller is going to finance it, which in this case would be treated just like a normal loan. It just happens to be who's your lender and the seller is going to be your lender versus the bank being your lender, but it's going to go in the same placeholder. So that would not change anything. So this is all accurate and good and that would be seller financing. Now if there was a first and a second, that's why we have this here for the seller financing for that to be the case. And this would be this should be a drop down. Um the rate let's call that 7%. Um am I missing am I missing it in here? Because normally Oh yeah. you're using the other analyzer before we had the drop down, but it's fine. So, if we had say 250,000 of the seller financing, that would go there at the 7% rate. And then now you see that that's built into here. So, and that would build that in. So, and your typical payment on seller financing is interest only nine times out of 10. So, just so you know, that's why that's there like that. But that's going to add it down here under seller financing. Um, another question came in. Um, what is a good number to estimate closing costs with seller financing? Usually one point one point or 1% 1.1% of the loan amount uh would be the cost for the seller financing. that would be the typical cost of it. Um, so that should answer that on that one. So that way, you know, in terms of total closing cost, it's 6%. But if you're adding in, you know, uh, seller financing, maybe there's another percent on that for the loan for that. Um, you would typically pay them off. So, uh, Sandy asked, when would you pay off the seller financing? you typically would pay them off with the term of the the note. So if the first loan here, if the first loan is five years, you would try and match up the seller financing with the same term, five years. If there's no loan on it, the seller is the finance year like the bank, so there's nothing here, then you'd still make it ideally a five-year note. That would be ideal for seller financing. Sometimes they only want it to be two, you know, and that's fine. So then you would have a term of of a first loan of five and a second of two years, and then you're going to refinance it at two years anyways to put a new loan on it. And so you could account for that. So that would just be a two-year term. Uh but it would typically run in one of those either a two or a u a fiveyear term. Two or a fiveyear term. Okay. Um John had asked on the reserve account I'm selling and have an accumulated 50,000 does that get split amongst the LPGP? Uh uh yes it would. Yes, it would because under the terms of your legal documents, that's part of the capital account of the property. And so any cash left in the capital accounts gets distributed amongst the splits between the investors, you and the investors. So that would get ultimately split at the end of the day. Great question. Yeah, because I'm dealing with that right now. you know, we just closed on a deal um today and uh you know, we have some profits and everything that are getting distributed and stuff over the next, you know, week. Um and so part of that we'll hold some money in the account for tax returns and basic expenses over the next 12 months uh to close out the deal. Um, but most all the cash will get distributed out with the, you know, we'll probably leave 20 grand in there just in case, right? And then we'll distribute that um next year before we close the bank accounts. Uh, Kelly had asked if the seller's financing um, no, because you're still going to I guess it depends, Kelly. If if if the seller is the only loan on there, you probably wouldn't reduce it because you're still going to have an acquisition fee. You're going to have all the other costs, title, escrow, acquisition fees, all that. So, you'd probably still want to leave it at 6%. Um, and if you have seller financing added on, meaning you have a first loan and a second loan, and that second loan is the seller, then this would go from maybe six to seven. You may want to do that to account for that. Um, yeah. So, I answered that from Sandy and stuff. So, good, beautiful. Um, any other questions on this one, which I thought were some really good ones coming in on how to really understand that. I thought that was awesome. Uh, looking at these different, you know, models and numbers and stuff like that coming in. So, thank you for sharing those and we'll go over a few of these, you know, each week as they come in. So, a handful of them came from Adriana, you know, on those. Uh, haim, I see you in here. You got a question? &gt;&gt; Yes. Um, you said earlier that like, for example, if someone needs to raise 750 and they only raise 600, they can close and then raise the rest of the 150 after closing. What would closing what would require to raise extra 150 after after closing? Uh well there's nothing that is required to do it but you know &gt;&gt; no if if before going into the deal you know you need to raise the total equity of 750 what is that 150 going for if you &gt;&gt; well combination you have closing costs you have renovation costs you have your down payment right &gt;&gt; so that's just if it's so so that's just if it's renovation and everything else you need at closing correct &gt;&gt; yeah what you need At closing, what you need at closing is your down payment and your closing cost. So, yes, nine times out of 10, the uh the total amount of the renovation budget may not be needed initially. Correct. &gt;&gt; Right. But everything besides renovation you do need at closing. &gt;&gt; Most of it. Correct. Most of it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because you may give me Well, because even inside that closing cost, right, hya is is your acquisition fee. Right? So maybe you delay your acquisition fee until you raise the rest of the money. &gt;&gt; So there's there's a combo effect in there, but you would need the urgent closing costs for title, for escrow, right, for the lender fees, blah blah blah. And then you would need um your down payment monies and that would be the main dollars to close and then you can raise the rest, you know, typically within a month or so after. And that and that way you at least close on it and not lose the opportunity. Uh and you still could raise after. And that happens. I mean, to be fair, that happens probably half the time. Almost half the time, you know, where you you you'll get to 90% of the money raised or so and you got to close it. Fine, because you just run you just have a time constraint. It's not that um you're not raising the money, but certain people, they need to clear some things, do some things, they need an extra week or two before they can actually give you the money, stuff like that. So just logistically it may take an extra few weeks to to bring in the physical capital. You just care that you have enough to close on the deal. So uh John, &gt;&gt; yeah, I've been getting some offmarket kind of stuff from a couple of brokers and I'm getting like six months or nine months like if you, you know, comes in September, you might get January through August finances. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Are you taking those last three months like just say July, August, September and just make a T3 and annualize them for the expenses or do you how &gt;&gt; you can I mean yeah if you're opening up that T12 and you know it looks relatively consistent. I'm sure there's some anomalies in there somewhere. Then you can presume you know unless they there's something outrageous that's happened. Um you can fill in those three months, right? and then you're just going to verify that later, right? So, if you get into to contract, you're going to want to verify those because they should be able to produce those numbers at some point. They just may not have them right off the bat. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you you can definitely presume certain trends uh based on those revenue and expense numbers. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Good question. Um see Mark in here. Craig, good to see you. Relle, Michelle, did you back out of that deal or are you are you trying to figure it out? &gt;&gt; Um, so I backed out because um they were being shady. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Well, I think that they weren't giving you good financials. Is that what the problem? The main problem was &gt;&gt; Yeah, correct. The uh I think the ex-husband wanted to buy it. He was upset that the that the ex-wife put it on the market. well, didn't put on the markup, but um committed to this contract &gt;&gt; and so he wasn't being um honest with the financials &gt;&gt; cuz he's trying to buy it from her. &gt;&gt; Sounds like a beautiful family affair. &gt;&gt; Got to love those internal battles, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but I'm telling you, man. I I did want that property, but I didn't want &gt;&gt; Well, you know, put put up put out the vibes. You either can one come back around or another better one comes around it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm working on my um 12week year. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. And speaking on that, um we were just filming some of the videos and stuff for it. So, we should have a new kind of module for you course or not even really course, just a module you can click open um in there by next week that is going to focus around the business planning if you'd like that. Uh the mindset side of it and certain things you can implement for yourself here at the beginning. I usually always get them going by early December, which I do. Um so that way by January you're running with it. But we're still here early, you know, by the by this month if you had it rocking and rolling. So, that's going to uh let you set up. I don't do any of these year business plans anymore. Uh because you know how the game is. You do the business plan, you feel all excited that you accomplished something and then it goes in a drawer on your desk and you don't look at it until like October of this year and then you realize you're way behind. You haven't met any of the stuff. So what we do is we do 12 year uh 12week business plans. So you basically have four years, right? Four years in one year and it's quarterly basically. And it's very simple. It's based on that book, the 12week year. You know, if you want to buy that on Amazon, it's a great book. It'll help you business plan or life plan call it in 12week segments because we all know urgency and FOMO and fear of loss is how people move the needle uh in life. And so the 12week year is how we do the business plans. And then you're going to have a template in there for um a vision letter or a prayer letter, which I do every single year and then I read it every single day. And then you're also going to have a vision board. I do mine in Canva now. I don't do a whole big chloroplast thing and cut out everything. I just takes way too long. Uh, so I use Canva and I just drop all the photos in there that I like and then I'll print it out and then it goes on a magnetic board. A magnetic board. So it should look like this. I don't even know if you guys are going to be able to see this thing, but it should look like that. And I put it on a magnetic board with the vision board. I doctor up my bank accounts. I don't know if you guys have done this. It's really cool. &gt;&gt; I did that. I I did that according to your uh suggestion. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Doctor up your bank accounts. Put whatever it is you want in there. So, you know, couple million dollars, one million, whatever it is. Take a screenshot of your bank accounts, put it into Canva, doctor it with a dollar figure that you want to see. Print that out and that baby is going to go right on your board right here. So, I have 5,250,266 in cash, right? And then you put in, you know, whatever personal business, you know, you got your vision letter. Write yourself a million-doll check, you know. So, you got to you got to have yourself a million-doll check right there. Right there. See that? Write yourself a million-doll check. And then you have it on your board and you're going to stare at this sucker. Put it in your toilet room if you want. I don't care, you know? So, that way when you, you know, go do your thing, you can stare at this. So, put it anywhere you can look at it. And then you want to read that vision prayer letter every single day. So I'm going to we're going to have the whole little mini course thing on it. So you'll see that pretty soon. Um and then another thing that we do that's very very valuable is there's an app called uh ThinkUp. I don't if you can see that right there. I'll type it in the chat. It's called Think Up. Uh free app. You can get it from the app store. It's a affirmations app. Affirmations app. Uh you can um what I do is I put my prayer letter into it and then you can record your voice saying the prayer letter. It goes in as an affirmation and then I will play I I know &gt;&gt; what do you say? out. And what you can do &gt;&gt; is I have a um I have a um a headset that goes on at night and then we turn I turn it way down to where it's on a very very very low frequency and I let that thing play nonstop all night while I sleep. And it's it's the whole subconscious thing, right? But it's it's creating those affirmations in the subconscious brain all throughout the night and you'll sleep right through it. You put it really low where you can almost barely not you barely not even hear that thing. So once again, we'll go through it in this um this little module thing we're going to put in there. I'm going to show you everything I do. Everything. Um even the health side of things. I got these these Hume things, aura rings, all kinds of stuff. Um, I mean, my I'm being monitored 24/7, my entire body. It's wild. I mean, there's some crazy stuff you can do, but it's it's super uh good for you once you once you actually do it and you get it into your momentum. Uh, Craig, uh, I think you have the last question. We'll finish off with you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Going back, you were given some uh kind of statistics on things about like how often you'd uh not have your full financing raised. One question I have is how often would you say what percentage would you say buildings when you buy them, properties when you buy them, do you want to or have to build in renovations right away? and and kind of a average &gt;&gt; like per unit you'd want to you throughout your history of of doing this. What are kind of your averages? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So for a light renovation, a light ren I would say I mean you're almost always doing rena in some way shape or form either to the exterior of the property or doing some interiors. It's just a matter of how much and how heavy. So, a light rena would be, hey, we're gonna freshen up some paint landscaping and stuff to the exterior and do some individual little painting interior wise, but nothing heavy. Uh, and on on average, you'll have about uh 3500 to 5,500 a unit budgeted for that. And if you're going to start to do medium renovations where you're changing out some countertops, flooring, painting, light fixtures, plumbing fixtures, stuff like that, you're going to range between$7,000 to 10,000 a unit. And if you're going to do a heavy rena, you know, full-on windows and doors and the whole nine yards, you're going to be probably 14 to 25,000 a unit. 14 to 25,000 a unit on average to budget for that and that would be from light to heavy between that. Does that answer that question? Yeah. So, like for all the folks that came into San Diego and we did the walk on that NC18, the 80 unit property, we were about 25,000 a unit on that um on that 80unit complex. And that was a heavy rena like everything, windows, doors, I mean everything. So that's that's probably about the heaviest you're going to get is about 25,000 a door. Awesome everybody. I will let you know for Thursday. Um, as of right now, I'm 5050 scheduled to be speaking at an ADU summit here in San Diego. Um, so I may be at that. Do you know who that guy Thatch Win is? Any of you guys know who Thatchwin? He's an investor guy out of Seattle. Uh, Asian guy. Pretty cool. He's probably all over Instagram. He has like couple million followers or whatever. Uh anyhow, he's here in San Diego and he has an event on Thursday that I was asked to speak at. Uh I'll know more tomorrow, but it'll be right in the middle of our time on Thursday. So, we'll reschedule that time or I'll send you guys notices and stuff from our team for Thursday, just to get a heads up on that one. Um, and then, uh, last two seconds. Anybody, anybody's, you know, football teams playing this weekend and you guys want to fight over some rivalries real quick or anything like that, you know? No. Good. Good. All right. Well, it should be fun getting into the stuff. And then I'll be uh if you know I'm going to be in Cleveland uh Sunday through Tuesday with Kelly and David out there. You can wave. Hi, Kelly. Okay, David. Um, so I'm sure we're going to be freezing our ass off. It's going to be great. I got 14 layers of clothes. So, um, awesome everybody. Well, have a great evening. Any questions, let us know. And let's, hey, let's make 2026 the best year. Let's make it happen. I'll get the business planning stuff in there and I would love for you guys to implement it. It's helps me, you know, and everybody needs a little little kick in the butt. So, awesome. Have a good night everybody.