Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Coming on in. Coming on in. I see Tony coming in. We got Mike. How is everybody doing? Beautiful. Twilight. Good to see you. Good to see you. Uh we got Julian in the house. Good to see you as well. Come on into the chat. Hello everyone. Uh today we're going to be talking about raising money. [laughter] Raising money, capital and money. Uh and more around the ideas of attracting it. Okay. And what I'm going to do is twofold. I'm going to show you what our company has and what we've set up, which is basically what we've taken and mimicked it in a way on a smaller scale because everybody's newer uh into your CRM, into your website. I'm going to show you kind of both sides of it. So that way you can understand the back end of this money raising game and the logistics around the back end of it. Right? So that'll allow you to attract money in when you have a deal. When you have a deal and um kind of folks are coming in um really cool story that'll talk about this money attracting thing here. Um let me lead into it with this because this will be cool. uh his Yes. Cool. And then I'm going to share his info to it's Yeah, there you go. Awesome. Okay, cool. Yeah, this will be helpful. All right, here we go. Um, so yeah, any anybody any kind of wins you want to chime in in the chat as we're kind of getting going here. See David in here. Cristiano, good to see you. Um, perfect. Suja, good to see you in here as well. Awesome. So, yeah. So around kind of the money raising game, right, in in the stuff that we give you in terms of the tools on the raising money and I'm going to bring up my whiteboard here and then I'll lead into showing you the exact examples and case studies around it so you fully understand what I'm talking about. We were talking about this a little bit the other day. Here we go. Okay. So, a few things around the raising money game. And it all boils down to this, right? Trust, right? Do I trust you that if I give you, you know, 25K, 50K, whatever it is, do I trust that I'm going to get it back? I mean, that's what goes that's what goes into your mind, right? If you're if anybody came to you with an opportunity, great. The deal could be kick ass and take names. It could be the greatest deal on the face of the planet. But if you don't trust that the information I'm giving you is probably, you know, accurate, which comes to just knowing someone and that, hey, if you were to give me or give the property and the opportunity 25K and invest into it, that you would actually get your money back, the deal could be the greatest thing on, you know, sliced bread. But if I don't trust you, you're not getting anything, right? So that's why we set up present to you and help you kind of put out front and a little bit of you know outfront presence online. So someone not only just investors, right? Because it's not really just the investor game. It's also brokers, okay? Because you're going to now look the part. brokers, uh, sellers, right? Lenders, all the above. All these people want to know who you are. So, to give you perspective on this, the first deal I ever did that was a syndication where I raised money into it was a 27 unit deal. Had to raise about $900,000. I had zero track record in terms of an apartment building. The only thing we had owned prior to that was a duplex and a triplex, right? So, no multifamily in terms of five plus unit buildings at all on my real estate owned list, anything on my track record, none of that stuff. Okay? So, now I'm going into Fanny May, right? Big agency debt to get the loan. And I'm talking to the loan broker who's giving us the loan. And of course, they're like, "Well, can you give us a little bit of your track record?" which is probably the thing you get all the time too. And if you don't have some basic upfront stuff set up such as a website, such as an LLC, like your actual company, okay? You know, a basic logo, any of that stuff set up, it's going to be a tough sell, right? I mean, you can sell it, but it's going to be a tougher sell. And that's why we do this, right? That's why we let you lean on our background as your strategic partners. That's why we let you and and set it all up for you and give you the templates and literally give it to you on a silver platter. You got to help complete it and then we give you the vendors to do it. But it's really, really, really important for this reason, right? Because for you to actually complete and execute the game, you have to look the game. And sometimes you need to look the game before you have the game. And that's the entire point of it. Okay? And that's why we set this up. So to give you perspective on it, right? When we did our website, right? So our whole back end really comes down to these two main things for us. And that's why I preach it a little bit to you and we help you set it up is these three things. Let me share my screen here. Get out of that and share this. Cool. So, this is our company website, Brennan Pulley Capital Group. And many of you have seen this before. You've probably gone to it. Obviously, it's more elaborate now than it was when it first started because in the beginning, it had like three tabs up here, which was like an about tab, a little bit of what we do, and a contact us tab, right? And now you could come through it. But what this does is in the beginning, like I set this up a month or two in advance before I ever got a deal, before I ever had brokers, lenders, investors, anybody coming in and looking at us, this was locked and loaded because I knew that the minute that I wanted to attract money in, I had lenders thinking about giving us a loan for the deal, a broker considering awarding us an apartment building, I knew that they were gonna Who the hell is this guy, right? Who the hell are you? And that starts with an online presence of some way, shape, or form. And that's why it's so critically important that this gets set up before you're going out and trying to get deals. Okay? So, that's why I had set this up for ourselves. Now, to put that in perspective, that's why we gave this whole back end and let me I'll just use say Miguel for an example, right? He's one of the mentees just like you in the community. Uh in what you know he's I'll give you his website and the whole CRM stuff. So this is basically what your backend mimics. Okay. When you come in here, yes, it's elaborate and this is why we have videos on it and teach it and learn it and have people help you out with it. But the main areas that you're playing around with in here are the contact section where all of your leads, people you know, your 2550 contacts and then growing it. that's where they're going to live. Then you come down here into sites, which is your website here, and then any kind of landing pages for a deal here. And I'll show you the difference. So like Miguel's website here, MP Capital Holdings, it's all done and dusted, ready to go. And I'll here's the kind of the pages and stuff he put together. It starts with three. I think we give you three pages. And then he had Koya come in here and set up a few other ones. but to kind of show you how it launches. Looks like this. So, this is his website and we gave it to you just like we gave it to him and he came in here and customized it with his logo, the color scheme changed a little bit about us, some of this stuff in here. So, it's all locked and loaded. You know, he has his advisory board. He's got strategic partners. He's got what clients would say. These are probably all fake, but who cares, [laughter] right? I mean, obviously, he's gonna update those, but you get the point. Um, and all this stuff in here, it's very simple, right? Where somebody can come in here and learn a little bit about what you're doing, and it gives people the concept that you're not full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] even if you are full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right? I mean, I hate to be so blunt, but that's kind of what we're doing, right? You you are going to be the part, act the part before you are the part. and that, you know, you're going to be getting there. But I understand you, it's you have to present that a little bit upfront to give the perception that you're not a complete [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right? That you we're going to make this happen, right? Because that has to be the presentation up front a little bit and then the backend will come to back it up and that's why you're here. Um, yeah, Relle, I see that uh your you were uh your ADP was uh approved by the way. It finally got approved. There were some weird things going on in there, Michelle. I don't know what it was, but you're you're approved now. Um, we'll double check that, but it came through yesterday. I think Zach would have reached out to you to to double check that for you. Um, so just FYI on that front, but yes, this is his uh website and set up. And then same thing with his back end. Uh, once he has a deal, right, that's kind of where the funnel area lives. And he has his funnel set up for the deal. And so when he finally has a deal, this is a landing page that specifically will talk about the deal, the specific apartment complex, and allow you to share this with anybody and everybody uh that has interest. And I know that um right now, yeah, I know Michael's in here. Cool. I'm going to go into yours, Michael, and I'm going to show people because you're actually literally right in the middle of a 30 unit. And I think this is really important. So, anybody that actually I know we were talking about the other day, uh, but if you want to team up with Michael, he's actually also looking for a KP to partner with him on the loan side on the top end to close it down. So, we're looking at different avenues for him on that. But, this is an example and I'll kind of walk through it how I would actually present it. So, let me get out of this and I'll change it real quick. Did I do that wrong? Hold on one second. Let me go back. Why is that not coming up? Odd. Uh, am I missing something in here? Is it named something else? Maybe it's called something else now. Maybe it's under your your company name now. Did you change that? That's possible. Uh is it urban something? Did you change the name of it, Michael? if you're uh here something prime something. What's the name of it now? That's probably why it's not coming up. I think it's under you or something like that. Ultimate Property Group. That's what it is. Yeah, there we go. It's coming up now. Um, so in here you can see that Michael has set he's setting up his contacts. You still need to do this, Michael. [laughter] You got to come in here, you know, nix all these guys out. You can clean them out. These are all samples. Uh, delete them and delete. Uh, it's fine. And then you would add all you can bulk upload, right? You can import, you can bulk import, bulk export, all that. You can just add them one by one if you choose. Totally up to you. Uh but that way you'd add contacts in here, right? Sorry. It'll allow you to add them in. Um so you'll have that will do. Uh but in terms of the sites, let me give you an example. So his deal right here, this one right here is the 30 unit and he has it all set up, the crossings. So now this thing's ready to go. So, he can take this this URL right here and he can send this out in an email. He can send this out in a text. He can send it out to anyone and everyone that may have interest. He can send it out to all of you right here, which I'll do for fun. So, here's your link to the landing page. And it talks about the deal. So they can come in here, they can read about it, they can see some of the aerials, why the crossing, why it's a cool deal, why you would invest, what's the business plan, any of that stuff, right? Property highlights, all of that in here, the actual opportunity, and then it's going to get into the returns. Here's some photos and stuff of it, which are real cool. Return structure. He's doing an 8% preferred return and then he's giving uh 75% to the limited partners. Okay. And then you can begin your journey and I believe you can fill out a form if I'm not mistaken. Oh, it's going to actually go to looks like it's going to go to booking a phone call with Michael. Yeah. So, you can set up a little calendarly link right there to book a phone call with Michael. And then I would set it up right here. 2:30m. My name. Oops. My number. You're gonna get a phone call with me, Michael. [laughter] Schedule the event. Okay. So, that's going to go straight on Michael's calendar. He's going to know he's going to have a phone call with me. I have interest. And we're done. And then what we're going to do in that phone call is we're going to go over the actual deal uh itself. Uh, and I don't know if you have the pitch deck attach. Oh, you do. There you go. So, what you may want to do, uh, Michael, is I would say, uh, download pitch deck. I would change some of this stuff in here from investment details and stuff to download pitch deck anywhere where that link is at, right? Maybe it's reserve your spot, whatever that may be. Yeah. So, that's fine. I would do set up a phone call. Make it what it is, right? Set up, you know, you know, set up a phone call, reserve a phone call, stuff like that. Uh let's walk through it. Should launch to it. So it should be download the pitch deck because your your investors and people will know what this is. Download pitch deck and then um um schedule a phone call. Schedule a phone call. Download the pitch deck. So someone would click this. Their pitch deck's going to be right here. Now, what you probably would want to do, and I know that I know in the system it does this, you probably want to have them fill out a form versus just getting the pitch deck immediately, right? But this is walking through the deal. So, you see how this is all interconnecting, right? So, you have the pitch deck. Oh, that's cool. You have videos in your in your thingy. That's cool. I didn't know that Canva did that. I mean, I guess I did, but that's really cool. But that's fun. I didn't know that's cool. Yeah. Interior photos, giving you info about it, all the returns, all that stuff that's here. So that way, any person that has interest, they're going to look at this thing and go, "Holy crap, Michael. I mean, you got your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together. I totally trust that if I give you 25 grand, like, you know, I'm going to get it back, right?" So, you see the point behind it. Um, and that's why it's here because you're officially a multi-family investor, you have a multifamily business and you're a big dog. And that's why even if you're smaller in the space, you can act a lot bigger and we give you all the tools to make that happen, right? All the systems, all the tools. It's going over the team, right? He's got strategic partner here. You you get the point like we're connecting the dots and allowing this to happen where it's very it's very straightforward. We're not a direct partner. We're a strategic partner. So, it gives anybody, whether it's a broker, an investor, anybody, they can go look this thing up. His entire advisory and legal accounting team. He doesn't even know who these people are. [laughter] I mean, he does, but he doesn't, right? They're all the people in the vendors and systems that we provide you, but they're now your advisory board and your accounting and legal team, all that stuff. So, you kind of get the point behind what I'm doing is I'm allowing you to look bigger than you actually are right now when you start because that's going to check the box for all the people, the lenders, the brokers, investors, sellers, everyone that is looking to see, hey, you know, do we have confidence that we could, you know, do a deal with this person? That's the entire purpose of this is the checkbox. the part and yes you are you're not faking it till you make it because you are there but you it's no different than I did on the first deal guys I mean I we had our website set up I had a pitch deck I had a landing page I'd never done a single deal in my entire life in multif family I'd never raised a single dime I'd never gotten a commercial loan I'd never done any kind of apartments and I took down a 2.2 2 million 22 27 unit deal with a million7 loan and 900 grand raised simply by having these kind of systems in place first. So that way I kind of look the part. That's the reason why we also have you set up your team first in the market and spend three days out there. So that way when a broker talks to you, when a lender talks to you, when a property manager talks to you, when an investor talks to you, anybody talks to you, you're going to be like, "Yeah, man. I actually have a whole team set up out there in blah blah blah city, and I was out there. We have the property manager ready to go. We have construction crews ready to go. I know the markets, this neighborhood, all that stuff. We're locked and loaded. Got the brokers out there, the entire team. We're ready to go. That's why we do it, right? And and if you go and you talk to any broker and you tell them like this was all in play, it's going to give the broker the confidence that like, okay, this isn't like some little Timbuktu person. It's going to put you in the 1% of the 100%. Because a lot of investors, specifically in this beginning space of 10 to 30 units, they got their head up there. You know what? And they still get it done. And they still get it done. So, what we're trying to do is make you look elite and give you the prominence of, hey, I'm the 1% of the 100%. I have a website in place. I got landing pages. I have the team in place. I've been out to the market. I got pitch decks locked, loaded, sinker. That's why. Okay, that's why um contact page doesn't actually contact me. Who can I work with on ongoing update on my web page? The Yeah. So, what you'll do, Gideon, in that let's just walk through it real quick. Um, I wanted to, you know, spend some time on this because I think it's really important. Um, so let's go to the website side. So, inside of here, just so you know, um, Gideon, what you're talking about is your forms page. So, you'd come over here to forms and I understand it's seems like a lot, okay? But there's obviously uh there's help videos and all that stuff inside here, too. But to kind of set aside that, let's walk through this for you regarding your contacts. So, that way when someone fills out a form, they can do this. So, you have a a builder form builder inside here. You have form A. So, I'm just going to change this real quick. You can call it whatever form you want. And I'm going to call it uh contact form. Okay. Save that. Also going to come here. Submissions settings. put in a little Facebook pixel here if you want to. It's all fine there. Sticky content. Okay, cool. So, that's that. Submissions there. We're good there. Uh, okay. Awesome. And there's some other things we could set up, too, but I won't do that right this second. So, your form is in place. This is what it'll look like on a mobile device. This is what it'll look like on your uh web on your um desktop. And you could change some of this stuff here. Let me scroll down. That's just themes. You could change colors and stuff too if you want, but it's not really important. But they'll put phone number, email, all that. Settings are there. Um, you're good there. If you get submissions, it'll be there. And add it there. All right. So now when you come back to your website, because that's the form section. Now you come to your website. Uh you already have your web address and stuff in there, right? Um this is this is your in this is right correct. Do you have your do you don't even have your domain connected there? I don't believe so. Is it northstarcap.org? Yes. Okay. So yeah, he should have connected your domain, but let's do that right now. So in order to connect your domain, maybe it's GoDaddy. Who is your uh domain uh provider? Where who's it hosted through? Is it GoDaddy? Yeah. Let me bring you up real quick. Let's walk through this. This is important for everybody so that way you can kind of see this. &gt;&gt; Good morning. Good morning. &gt;&gt; So, I had &gt;&gt; Yep. Sorry. I had Cojo build it and he did a fantastic job. I guess I just didn't realize that it was still requirements when So, when I go to the web page and it says, you know, contact us, it gives you a, you know, if you want to look at it, you can pull it up. But, &gt;&gt; well, if we're here, yeah, I want to get into a couple things real quick. first. Um, &gt;&gt; but there's a contact page and I just kind of went and test drove it myself to see what the customer experience would be. &gt;&gt; I'm in your back end. Do you have uh did you build it on another platform or something? &gt;&gt; Nope. Had Cojo do it? Coyo. Cojo. Is it under? It's under this right. Is this right? Gideon &gt;&gt; on girl. No. [laughter] &gt;&gt; What the hell? Sorry. &gt;&gt; What is it? Oh, so is it under nine Oaks Capital then or something? &gt;&gt; Uh, that's what it is. Got it. Yeah, I see. I see what's happening is when you put your company info in there, it's being changed. So, that's fine. It's right here. Okay. Got it. So, same thing in here under your forms. You'd have your form and I would, you know, just change it to contact, right? Which I'll do right now. &gt;&gt; So, I went in and and inputed all my, you know, my web my web address, my email, all of those things in the back office, and you're saying it's all changed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. One second here. &gt;&gt; Wait a minute. I'm not sure what my &gt;&gt; the name of your company is it is it North Cap Northstar &gt;&gt; Northstar Capital Group. &gt;&gt; Okay. I was in I was in David's. We're gonna do both. David, hold on. &gt;&gt; Just change this to contact form. &gt;&gt; So in my page it says contact us. It pulls up a, you know, gives a uh &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Just a matter of where where that submission's going. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; So, you could see somebody, this was probably you or somebody else contacted on the fourth as a test. &gt;&gt; So, they came to the contact form. &gt;&gt; U But if I come in here to website section, here's your website ready to go. And it looks like your domain is set up. There you go. So, that's set up. Cool. &gt;&gt; Makes me feel better. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's all good. I I I see what's happening now. When they're getting built, it the name's being changed to your company, which is totally fine. &gt;&gt; Um, awesome. So, yeah, that's all in here. Basic website, contact us. It's form's going to pop up. So, that's that same form. So, now it comes down to where that goes. Um, and so coming back in here, I want to see something real quick. Let me test this out just for fun. S give me Okay, it's going to load. Got it. So, I see what it's doing after your um &gt;&gt; gives me a calendar and then a time, &gt;&gt; which is fine. So, let me just check this real quick, though. I want to go into your contacts. See if it See, it put me in there. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, it did go in there. Now, if you want to be notified and all the other stuff, that's going to be done in what they call the automation section. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; You would automate some either text mails, emails to you as the owner. Hey, they just, you know, filled out a form. That would be for the automation section, right? But for the [clears throat] purposes of this, it's launching right to a calendar, which is great because it's saying, hey, &gt;&gt; you know, set up an appointment with me. And then you have your Calendarly attached to that, which is perfect. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Um, and then you're ready to go. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, that's good. &gt;&gt; And so, should I add I had a a pitch a deck built that uh I had sent to y'all. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; Like a sample one? &gt;&gt; Yes. Uh, and so I didn't know if I should put that in there. And I guess you can only get access to it if you give me your information or &gt;&gt; Right. So what I would be doing in here, um, I would put it in this investment strategy page. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; this is how I would do it. So that because someone's going to come in here and say, you know, okay, what's your strategy? Right. &gt;&gt; Show me. &gt;&gt; Um, and then what's under opportunities? Gotcha. &gt;&gt; Don't have anything there yet. &gt;&gt; No, that's fine. So, what I would do, I would put it in both spaces for now. I'd put investment strategy and opportunities in here. I would go ahead and, you know, put in a button here. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; That basically says, you know, download our pitch deck. &gt;&gt; So, who do we work with? That's a perfect leadin to what I meant with when I say on an ongoing basis. When I have tweaks that I want to do that, you know, it's [clears throat] not 250 bucks a pop, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Who who do I &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it depends on what you're going to do, but yes, obviously Koya can do it. No, you're not paying 250 bucks a pop. It would be a one-off little thing, whatever it would take time-wise. But you would come in here. You could technically do it yourself because it's drag and drop, [laughter] right? But if you're if you're completely a non- techie, right? And I get it. Some people are. I'm actually more of a techie. So, I would just come in here for you and I would come right to your investment strategy page. I'm going to edit this thing. And I would come in here. &gt;&gt; You want to add a button? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I would come up here. Add in a little button action. Drop that guy in there. And then I would probably set it up with your colors a little bit. Oops. I don't know. Maybe more that. Yeah, it's probably closer, but you get the point. You can come in here and do that. And then what I would do is link this button to a form. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we passed my comfort zone about a button ago. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Totally get it because you can change the link, right? It can do all kinds of things, &gt;&gt; right? It can go to a form. It could go to this. They could do that. Um, open up a popup. Let's see. Hold on. Download. Yeah, it open up a popup. And then you'd have the popup be a form. &gt;&gt; Can just download the file and I've got it all. &gt;&gt; You can. Yeah, but I want to capture their info. &gt;&gt; Okay, gotcha. &gt;&gt; That's the whole point behind it. So yeah, it would usually be a popup and then um you would have that be the form. Um hold on one second here. I know it says popup, but what's which popup? Maybe I need to put in some popups. Oh, that's what it is. Popup settings. That's what it is. Yeah, create a new popup. Whatever that be. Um, so I would edit this guy and it would be a form. I'd put in a form in here. I need to put in a row first. Is that what Oh, that's what it is. Contact. So now your form's in there. &gt;&gt; You But you get the point. Like obviously Koya can do this very quickly and anybody else can and I understand that most people are not tech like this but that's how it would go down. So that way you know looking at this I'd come in here investment strategy. Now the buttons here I'm going to click on that form's going to be there. Once I submit that form we create a separate form for a pitch deck called pitch deck form. And then when they submit that now it's going to let them download the pitch deck. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But we can work on that. That's not a problem. But I totally get where you're coming from with it. And that same thing would be put on your opportunities page. So when someone clicks here, that same button, same button. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So we can do that. Not a problem. Um but yeah, &gt;&gt; is that is there somebody within your organization that does this? And &gt;&gt; uh well we have and we have a few others, right? So you'd have to go through one of them, the vendors, because our staff doesn't handle the websites, but Koy and those guys do. So you could go back to them and I mean, we could show them, hey, like just put this on here separately. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it literally will take him, you know, 30 minutes. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; But, you know, for this, I can help you out pretty quickly. That's not a problem. I just want to show you technically how this works, right? &gt;&gt; Yep. I don't mean to dominate the whole meeting. come in here and um you publish that. So like for you for this sake I would just come in here I'd come into builder I'd add a form um first name last name but I consent to Got a lot of stuff in here. Oh built it all. Yeah. Uh, I don't need both though. So, let me get rid of one of them. There we go. That's fine. And then I'm going to call this my pitch deck form. That's there. I could probably actually change this to this. I'll change this to download. So now that form is set and then settings in here. Thank you for taking a look at the form. Um, and it probably won't even do this because it's going to link to We'll set it up to where it links to a file when we get it on the page. I don't know if that's in styles if that's in. It may not even be in here that it does that. It's probably actually on the page itself. So, I know you're looking at this probably in a foreign language right now. It's okay. [laughter] That's standby. &gt;&gt; Ablo. &gt;&gt; Ablo espanol. You're like, "What in the world are you doing, Justin? I am confused as you know what. No worries. &gt;&gt; Anytime I speak Spanish, I try to sound like George Bush Jr. so that everybody knows that my Spanish is terrible. [laughter] No. Ablo English or Espanol. I guess my English is rusty too. Go to the popup. Now I come to popup settings. change this form to pitch deck form actions in the form builder. Um, got it. So, we'll set it up on there. That's what we'll do for it to download the file. So, that's fine. So then now when someone comes to this thing and they come to investment strategy now they're going to fill out this form and download the pitch deck. &gt;&gt; So then how do I get the link I guess for when you hit download that it goes to that form. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll we'll go back and I'm not going to do it right this second but we'll make sure it connects. Yeah, but just so you know for the future Yeah. If you get to this and you need some tweaks to it, Hoya or the other gentleman, Joshua, in there, they're both savvy in the websites and high level and all that stuff, they're designed there to do that. Um, but yeah, obviously you want to get as much of it as you can done. There's always going to be little tweaks here and there, but they shouldn't be charging you that much money to do that stuff. &gt;&gt; Oh, and I haven't asked. I just paid 250 for this and &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; a lot for the &gt;&gt; be more than you know &gt;&gt; 2550 bucks and have them do a few things at one time. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But that's how that'll work. But you get the point. I mean now you kind of see a little bit of your information back here and so forth. &gt;&gt; Uh and it kind of makes you, you know, look professional. Uh &gt;&gt; now you got the about us page. And then what you could do in here if you wanted is you could add us in similar to what Michael did and you have your team in there, right? &gt;&gt; I've got that under strategic partners. &gt;&gt; Uh oh, there you go. Look at that. Oh, yeah. So, what I would do it is a little bit differently. I would do it similar to what uh Michael had in his uh &gt;&gt; under about us, &gt;&gt; right? So, in his um this would be kind of the the ideal way for this to happen as sure. This links to that. I mean, I would almost even take that out and just have it be what he had here. I think it's about us. Maybe it's the about us page. That's what I would do here. &gt;&gt; So, it looks more like you're working with uh us as opposed to a separate entity. that in here. Where did you put us in here? Is it on just on the front page, homepage? Got it. Yeah. So, but I would what I would do uh even Michael with you, by the way, is in the about us section where it has I mean that's really this, right? That's really the about us and you need to have your picture and stuff on there, too. So, when you click on the about us, it should have your photo on here, Michael. Um, and you could even have the rest of your your board and stuff. So, I would have that this section here also on your about us section. So, down in here, you got FAQs and stuff, but you could have I would have your right underneath this somewhere in this section. I would start with the team. &gt;&gt; Do you still have Bolt on the uh on his page? &gt;&gt; Uh, no. And I asked him to take that off. Yeah, you could put, you know, me or our company. That's fine. But yeah, probably take, you know, pull pull um Chris. I let I'd let Michael know that. You could have my photo and you could have Brennan Polley group and stuff. Uh &gt;&gt; but yeah, he has to remain more of like a silent partner in our company. &gt;&gt; I mean, people [clears throat] know about him and stuff and he's behind the scenes, but because he's running tech companies and stuff, &gt;&gt; he can't be &gt;&gt; that that topic. He's got to be tactful with that. Yeah, he's also working with the defense department and he's got security clearances and all kinds of weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I can't even talk about. &gt;&gt; So, Michael Michael's going to get a call. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're gonna get a call from the Secret Service here pretty soon. Michael, [laughter] &gt;&gt; just kidding. But yeah, remove that on there. Uh he just has to be tactful. I I don't even think I I on our website trying to remember when I have him on our website. He's on there. You got board chairman, right? Uh I can't even I can't even say owner or founder on there. He's board chairman. So, we have to be tactful. That's all. &gt;&gt; But you can have our company and me on there. No problem. &gt;&gt; Okay, I'll change that and add that. I'll put that on the list. &gt;&gt; But it literally started like I mean and it kind of all makes sense. I mean, the way I met Christopher was in the back of grad school and I think I've told the story, some of you know it, some of you don't. But I'm sitting there and I look over on his screen for the break and it looks like an Atari game, like a live Google Atari game screen, like things moving around on it. And I asked him, I'm like, "What are you looking at, dude?" And he like turns his laptop screen to me and he's like, "Oh, I'm watching this battle in Iraq right now. Check it out." And I'm like, "Excuse me?" [laughter] It's literally a live feed of tanks and people and stuff moving like it's it's literally live from our government satellite feeds. And I'm like, "Whoa, bro." Like, "Why are you showing me this? Number one, because I know you're not allowed to. And who are you number two?" So that's when I learned and it all started. So anyhow, that's the long story short on that one. So, but um yes. So kind of going and kind of putting this all together here. The entire purpose of this whole front-end thing that we give you is so that way you do have this whole backend. All your contacts, investors, all your people can go in here. You can bulk upload them into here, bulk import, or you can do onesie twoosies. Not a problem. And then out of here, you can text message them, you can email them. out of here. You can also set up um marketing and stuff in here if you wanted to have like a newsletter that goes out every once in a while. If you wanted to have I mean you could connect it to your socials as well. So there's all kinds of cool things. I mean this is very robust and it's all included. So I mean if you let's say you didn't like Koya, right? If you didn't like Koya and you wanted to go find somebody else, right? You could come on here to Fiverr. You could type in, you know, go highlevel expert and there's probably 14 million of them, right? And they're cheap. And any of these people, if you wanted to could come in here and do anything and everything you could fathom, you could just tell them what to do and they'll do it all. And that way, if you're not a techie, you don't have to be techy. you just tell them and then it'll get set up. Um, so that's why this is kind of cool and it'll do all kinds of stuff for you. I mean, it'll do it all. Um, and it's very very very robust. I try and keep it simple and just keep it to the website, keep it to your contacts. Um, I mean, technically you don't even need Calendarly. Calendarly is free. There's a paid version of Calendarly, but you have calendars in here, too, where it can set it up and it'll do all the appointment setting and everything in here for you. So, if investors want to set up appointments with you, they can do that in here, too. Okay. Totally up to you. Um, but all kinds of fun stuff. All kinds of fun stuff. Um, yes, Sugit. Uh, what access to give anybody access to your system, you come right in here to settings and then you go into staff. Okay. And you could add any user you want to here. Any user you want. You'd give them their number, email, phone number. They'll get a link. They'll get access. Okay? That's how you would add anyone to the back end of your system. You'd come right into settings. So on your front, if you're coming into your dashboard and stuff, you come right in here to settings here at the bottom. Come into my staff. And then you'd add anybody and everybody here. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Hey Justin, are they able to access my GoDaddy account as well through this or do I have to give them permission? &gt;&gt; No, but they um if you needed to hook up a domain, right? So that's all done here in the settings area in and because of this platform high level connecting your domains are right here. Yours is already connected, right? They already have it connected. But if you needed to connect a domain, right, they have all the providers. WordPress, um, GoDaddy, Square, I mean, any of the website hosters and domain hosters and anybody you can fathom, they already have kind of connected in here, so you're good to go. Um, so that's easy. But if you if they need to get access into your GoDaddy, that's a separate uh access. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, yeah, no worries, Michael. I was obviously just kidding around. Um, but yeah, I mean, we do have to be tactful with Christopher. You don't have to be tactful with me. So, um, but yeah, that is really kind of the crux of this because and I kind of showed you because that way, no different than our website, right? Anybody can come in here and then what we what we did for us that you don't need to do just yet. Okay. Is an investor relations uh portal. Okay. So, where is it at here? Yeah. So, for us, we have uh Syndication Pro. And as you all know, you can get access to that. It's a paid service that you don't really need yet until you have probably two or three deals under your belt where you actually need to get sophisticated. You know, we showed on Tuesdays other ways to manually do it and manage your investors and their money through the spreadsheet. And you could use spreadsheets for that in the very beginning because I think this service is uh I think to get going is I don't know maybe they've changed their um their plans. I'd have to see if they changed them now. You guys get a little bit better discount if you go through the link in the system, but you don't need this right now. You don't need to spend this money. Yeah, they don't even put the pricing on the thing right now. They have you request it. Maybe it's gone up. I don't know. Um but yeah, they have you come in here and do this depending on your situation. Um, but I think we pay like $500 a month and that's unlimited for us and I we're probably uh set up with the original pricing plan. I'm guessing it's probably more now. I don't know. But that allows you to have unlimited deals, unlimited investors, all this other stuff in there. It gives you a whole back-end investor relations software that that way you can manage people, the deals, the legal, the money, all of that stuff in the back end of a platform software that's connected right here through the deal portal. So what happens is somebody comes right here and they want to sign up uh they're either they log into the portal. So, our investors would log in here, but if they need to register, they would just click here and they would register to become a new investor with us or get access to all of our stuff. So, you could do this. You could do this. So, and then that way you have a whole investor relations software in addition. But once again, you don't need that right now. Keep it simple, right? Basic website, CRM with your contacts, pitch deck, your look official, you're locked and loaded, and you're good. And you're good. So, does that make sense? Thumbs up in the chat for everybody in here. Uh, if if kind of this makes sense or was this overwhelming, please let me know. Please let me know. Both done. It's okay. It's okay. I'd rather, you know, throw the gauntlet on you. But you have access to all this. So like Don for you and Julian, same thing. Totally normal, by the way. Let this kind of like drop on you and be overwhelming and just kind of sit in it. It's totally okay and normal. So don't let it uh overwhelm you. But like Dawn, I think because I don't know if you've set yours up. See if you have yours. Yeah. So Don, you're right in here, right? And I don't know if you've set up your full company in here yet. Um, but let's see what we got. Not yet. Okay, cool. So, in here, like, yeah, you'd have your business stuff set up in here. This can all get set up. And then if you if you have a domain, you you maybe boughten a domain, donasper.com, whatever it is, uh, you would come in here and that would get connected. Okay, all get connected. And then you'd have your business profile. All that would be in play and then your um websites are already templated in here. So, it's right here for the funnel and then the websites. So, everything's templated, ready to go for you. It'll all get customized as well, but this is what the template looks like and then it gets customized when you're ready to go. But all this stuff would change to your colors and what you're doing. But that way it makes you look officially a fish. And then that way when you have a deal, you would use the um landing page and that way your deal would have a landing page customized to your specific deal. See how we just put in um place placeholders for this stuff. So if you were ever going to do like a summary video, right? A summary video about a deal, this is what it could look like. Hey, how are you? Justin Brennan here, CEO of the Brennan Pooling Group Capital. Thanks for coming in for a quick summary video. &gt;&gt; Can you guys hear the audio by the way on that or no? Thumbs up if you can hear the audio on that video. Okay. But high point, our newest investment, 50 units in San Diego, California, submarket, national city. I'm going to go over this is going to be a summary video. We have a great detailed one. You can click other links to walk. This is going to be a few minutes long just to kind of gauge where you're at, give you some information about the property, see if it's any further interest to you. So, let's get into it. Okay, so the property is currently named Admirality. We're going to be rebranding to High Point 50 units. What's super unique and rare about this deal is that originally it was built in 1982 as a condo complex, not apartments, condo complex. So individual utilities, individual meters, individual APN, so they can be sold off individually. The owners never did that. They kept it as a and rented it as a 50 unit condo apartment complex and never sold them. So now fast forward to where we're at today. Amazing opportunity in the market with a constrained supply where we need I call it, you know, middle. &gt;&gt; You get the point. you can have a little summary video to where you're actually all I did with this just so you know Michael and anybody else in here that's right in the middle of this is I took the pitch deck and you don't need to do a standing video like this personally if it were me I'd come right on Loom it's a free service by the way you can do the paid service or the free version and you could create a Loom video which is you know no different than a screen capture type video that allows you you'd pull up your pitch deck share it on the screen just like I'm doing right now and I would walk through the entire pitch deck and have a summary video about it so I get a chance to talk about the deal. So that way you could take that video and that could be posted right on your website, could be put on YouTube, you name it. And that way anybody that has any interest, you could share it with anybody. Hey, take a look at the the deal. Okay, so there's all kinds of cool ways to privately do that and you're completely in compliance because you're not mass marketing the property. Okay, so that's how you would do it. I would just do exactly what you're seeing me in a little small screen up here right now and then I'm sharing the screen. It's exactly what a loom would look like and that way you could do that. Okay. And very very good to do that. Yeah. And that way you can talk about the deal and give people kind of the behind the scenes and the insights and the nuance to it. Um because that is part of the little kind of marketing game that goes on in raising money, right? And so you have the prephase and then you have the actual marketing phase of it. So let me pull this up again real quick. So we talked about the trust factor, right? And so to do that, you've kind of set up all this this pre- stuff, right? You've done your website, you got your LLC, you have a landing page for the deal, everything's kind of set up and you're looking great. Now you get to the point where you actually have a deal. And now we need to go out and market the the specific deal. So then that's where you have, you know, your pitch deck, right? your pitch deck and then maybe you do a little, you know, summary video like drawing like a YouTube play icon, little summary video like you just saw. And then now I have my database, right? I have all my little people in my database in my CRM where now I can, you know, shoot emails and stuff out and, you know, text messages, whatever it may be, also phone calls. And that way I can share the opportunity and see who they know that may have some interest. And in here you I mean 25 people. The first deal that 27 unit I sent it out to about 25 people. And out of those 25 I had 11 people respond. Out of those 11 that responded I had seven people invest. And that was basically the flow off of 25. And these 25 not all of them were the actual investor. Like they weren't the 11 here, right? So they would share it with a couple people. Maybe they would send it out to a couple friends, right? And then those friends would come in and be the investor because they couldn't do it, but they're like, "Hey, pretty cool deal. Let me share it with my my uncle. Let me share it with my aunt." Right? And then they come in, they fill out the information, you get their contact info, and that conversation happens. Hey, it happens. And then that's how you go. And then you're raising, you know, the seven people that are coming into it, you know, for 400K. And then you're bringing in your 40k and they're bringing in 400k and then you just raise the money and now you have it and then you got your loan for however much that is plus the capital that comes in. But that's kind of you got your pre-arketing which is kind of what we're setting up now through all the admin side the website your LLC getting all the landing page stuff set up so that way I mean you are officially running like how cool is this? I mean, you have a company, right? You have an investment real estate investment company. That's like the coolest thing about it. Like, like you're officially a multif family investor, even though you don't have a multif family deal yet, perhaps, but you have a company. And that's what this is all about is you're setting up this entire business. So, that way when deals start to come, right, this little apartment building here, this is all set up. You're locked and loaded. Now, it's just a matter of getting out the info about the deal and using all this stuff you preset up a month or two or 3 months in advance. So that way, this flow up here happens a lot easier and you can go through the process of closing the deal, raising the money, bringing it all together because you you took the time, which is what we do now in the prephase to do all this. Okay? It just makes it makes it so much easier so you're not running around catching your tail while you're in the midst of in contract and closing a deal and all that other stuff. This has to happen pre pre. So, um, all right, I want to finish up with some questions here. Um, yes, definitely look into that. Are there any tax advantages to having an LLC not having a deal? Uh, zero. Yeah. And if I were you, Don, I would go ahead if you don't have I think Do you already have your LLC set up, Don? Yes. Is it in California or is it in Wyoming or Delaware? Wyoming. Okay, great. So yeah, you have it set up. You're all good to go. Now it's just a matter of getting kind of the marketing stuff in front of that company. I mean, you got a company. You're officially a multif family investor. Now it's just making sure the front-end section is ready to go. So that way you could share that with anybody you want. And you know, when people start asking you, right, what you're doing, it's not just your current job title. You're going to add that slogan at the end of it. And your slogan at the end should be like this. I mean, literally, that's what I would say when I was um selling houses, like what somebody would ask me if I was at like an event and they say like, "What are you doing?" I'm like, "Oh, I'm a real estate agent and I'm a multif family investor. I buy apartments with investors and we renovate them around the United States." And like literally they could give two shits, but I'm a real estate agent. Sorry for the language, but that I'm being raw. They're like, "Okay, cool. Tell me about this real estate thing." Like multif family. Like what do you mean by that? Yeah, like I I buy apartments. We renovate them. We bring in investors with us and then we'll uh we'll buy them and sell them and do all that stuff around the country. Really? Like what kind of deals? Oh, this one over here and this one over here. What kind of returns like come into those things? Well, the investors typically about 15 to 20% a year in their money. Wow. Is there like what's the minimum investment to get into that? About 25 grand. Really? So for $25,000 minimum invest I can get in 15 to 20% on that money every year? Yes. Do you have any deals right now that you're working on? Not at the moment, but we probably will. I mean, should I get your info? Yeah. Listen, let me give you my info. when you have a deal, send it to me. I'd love to take a look at it. Boom. Now, they go into the CRM. They are officially a soft commitment for you. So then when you're in this space, right, you already got it set. When they're ready, when the deal comes, pitch deck goes out to everybody in the CRM because they're part of your 25. T-ching. You see the point? And we're all connecting it. That's why it's so important we get this set up front. And then that way when a deal happens, then you're just doing the marketing about the deal, but you're not having to worry about the marketing for you, meaning your company. It's already here. It's already here. And that's why we set it up, right? And you already have this little database of 25 people that's in there that now you can shoot out the deal to them and people are going to see, okay, cool. I see his website. Read a little bit about them. Cool little story. They have their LLC. Everything kind of checks off. They kind of look the part. I I I can trust this. Let me take a look at the deal. Deal looks good. I like the deal. I like the location. Like the returns. 25 grand. Here's projected returns in. I like it, man. You know, this is great. Yeah, I'm interested. You know, 25 grand. Boom. So then they've raised their hand. Now they want to give you the money. The last piece to it is the process for bringing in the moola, right? And that's kind of that all comes down to legality. So the legality and we'll finish here is you have your your operating agreement which is just a simple LLC if it's a small deal or we get into the PPM right which is the full-blown syndication and that's the two ways to do it. This is more of a JV. This is more of what they call syndication and that's the two ways to to bring in the money. Okay, awesome. Well, I want to be respectful of people's time. I know we're a few minutes over. Um, but um, yeah, I hope this was helpful. Thumbs up if this was helpful. Thumbs up if this was a lot. [laughter] It's okay. But I wanted to go through this so I can try and connect the dots for everyone to understand kind of this pre-arketing thing, which is your company setup. So that way you're looking the part. And this is going to allow investors, brokers that you're talking to, lenders that you're talking to, sellers that you may be talking to or getting info from, all that stuff to kind of look and see who you are. That's the pre. And then, okay, I have a deal. Sweet. I got the pitch deck, maybe a little summary video if I want to do a summary video. And I already have the people in my CRM because I did all that here for the last two months. So now let's put the deal out to everybody and see if we can raise some money, right? And then you get into this phase, which is bringing the money in through the legal process. So cool. All right, everybody. Yeah, shoot us out some questions and stuff and then Gideon, we'll take a look at that uh for you. Um but yeah, even if Koya, if you don't like Koya for whatever reason, there's a gazillion people on Fiverr that are very sophisticated with high level. That's where the CRM and the website live and they can do it all for you too. Um, we just have Koya and then Joshua in there because we've worked with them before. So awesome everybody. Thanks so much.