All right, come on in. Hello. Hello. Hello. Good morning to all. Chime on in in the chat. Hope everybody's doing well. See everybody coming on in here. Michelle, we got Randy, Sandon, good to see you. Tony, Gideon, good to see you. Uh, Gideon, we're actually, if you're okay with it, can I pull up uh the deal that you just sent in uh in the analyzer? You'd updated some numbers. Are you okay with that? Just let us know and uh we'll pull that up. Can everybody hear me? Okay. Very, very, very good. Okay. Um, you're okay with that, Gideon? Okay. Yeah, cuz I'll pull that up and then I can even bring you up if you're okay with it audio-wise or video if you're up with that, but audio-wise for sure and we can go through that. So, um, but happy Thursday to everybody. Cool. Um, yeah, another thing I wanted to talk, you know, today really about is kind of the mindset, you know, the resilient mindset in the multi- I mean, any space, right? any anytime you're trying to, you know, change what you're doing, transform, take a transformation, go from what you're doing currently into the next step, you know, having that resilient mindset is a critical component, right? It's a critical component. And um I thought this was super interesting, but you guys have all heard the uh the saying before about, you know, the the the compound effect, right? The compound effect of doubling the penny, right? doubling the penny. And I thought this was pretty cool. Um, I'm typing this in real quick. Uh, it'll spit it out. Standby. Okay. Um, yeah, I thought this was super interesting. And then see what it says here. Curious. Sorry, I'm typing something into chat GPT and I'm going to show you. That's crazy. Okay, this is crazy. Is this like if if this does not prove the point of what I'm trying to say, then I don't know what will. So, um, let me pull this up. See if you guys can see this on the board here. Okay, you guys can all see this and zoom up on that. Um, okay. So you guys have heard the saying that if you were to take right one penny for 31 days, right? This is the compound effect of doing things consistently disciplined, even if it's a little bit every day, right? Little bit every day. Because the difference is this. If you were to take a penny, double it every day for 31 days, $418. Did you know that if you were to take a penny and double it every single day for 31 days, it would end up turning into that? And so it goes to show you the value of the compound effect. The compound effect of consistent discipline every single day because what what's crazy is this. up until about 28 days, right? There's not a lot actually. I mean, it's not like that, but what happens is it's like that last little bit of such an astronomical jump because of all the compounding you've been doing going up to that moment. everything. Even the little wins, talking to the brokers, picking up the phone, going to see the properties, meeting with them, sending out LOIs, analyzing deals, staying the consistency through it, you know, all that process that you're talking about compounding where you're not getting a lot of result, right? You're getting a little bit, right, but not a lot. Then all of a sudden, boom. That's what that proves. Now, let me ask you the question. What do you think? And this I'm curious. If you were to take this penny and rather than doubling it every third every day for 31 days, what if you take this penny and double it every other day? Every other day versus every day. Every other day. What do you think the amount is? What do you think the amount is at the end of that 31 days? At the end of 31 days, if you double it only every other day, what do you think the amount is? I'm curious. Chime in the chat. What do you think the dollar amount is if you take that penny and double it every other day versus every day for 31 days? So, we got Gideon saying $1,000. We need some more interaction here. I I need some uh half of that amount Joe says. Okay. Any others? $1, Sanden 140. Does Andrew. Okay. Good guesses. 2,000 whatever it would be 15 days normally. Rex says uh $327. Right. What happened there? Did it freeze my thingy? Uhoh. I overheated it. One second. But yeah. Isn't that crazy? I mean I mean it literally go you could go to working out. You could talk about every aspect of your life with this. The consistent discipline of every day the difference is millions. Like it's millions. Like it's not even close. I mean that's nuts, right? Every other day versus every day. the result result result and it's simply the compound effect of anything that you do. And so coming back to this game in the space you're in of multifamily. Yeah. It's it's the consistent discipline every day of doing just a little bit. Even if it's analyzing one or two deals, even if it's sending out one or two LOIs, even if it's texting back or staying consistent with the brokers to reach out to them, because I will tell you this, the brokers are not coming after you if you haven't done a deal with them if you haven't built up a little bit of rapport with them. They're not going to just unilaterally like say, "Hey, I was thinking about you today." That's not how it works. You know, I was having a great conversation the other day with Michael uh Hadley. I say and and this goes too and I and I tell myself this every single time that I I'll get stuck and maybe I'm I'm not being u consistent enough. Closed mouths don't get fed, right? Closed mouths do not get fed. So if you want something, you got to hunt for it. You don't gather. You do not gather. Gatherers get slaughtered. Hunters win. And that's just the way of life. And you can cry about it or you can just go get it done. But that's the difference. You need to go hunt. Don't be a gatherer. Gatherers will get slaughtered, okay? You got to go hunt, right? Those brokers are not coming after you. The properties are not coming after you. The money's not coming after you. And that consistent discipline every single day is the hardest thing. And it's hard. It is hard because that I would say more than anything because we can teach till we're black and blue. We can teach you everything. I mean, I got it right here and I'll just throw it out and we're here for you. But that the hardest part is that consistent discipline. And I'm sure you would agree with this. It's hands down the hardest thing. Uh because we're emotional creatures. Some days we wake up, we feel great. Some days we wake up, we feel like It's just the way that it is. But staying consistent is hard. Give you an example. This morning, woke up at 4:30. I was tired today, but you know, and there came a point right around 6:00 a.m. that I didn't want to go into my home gym and work out. But you know what? I didn't do a full workout today. I did 20 minutes, but I did something and it made me feel good. Right? It's it's that, right? That's what I guess I'm getting after is even if you can't do the full monty every day, something, right? The consistent discipline is what separates that from that. It's and it's nuts. But that is like honestly what it comes down to. It's what it comes down to because the um you know writing the LOIs, talking to the brokers, reaching out to them, building that rapport, building the momentum because that's what's happening here, right? You're just building it, building it, building it, building it. You're getting some, then you lose. You get some, you get lose. You get some, you all of that, all of a sudden, boom, boom, boom. You're going to start to see deals popping. And it's just on the other side of that quit zone. I call it the quit zone where we all want to like h like we want to give up a little bit. No, if you know the process is good, stay the course. Stay the course because a resilient mind will beat anybody else. It'll beat anybody else. Consistent discipline, you can call it outworking people, call it whatever you want, but that resilient mind will beat anyone. Will beat anyone. Enjoy the suck, Gideon. You know, that's that's, you know, that's fair. Enjoy the suck. Um, yeah. And I've I've done, you know, a lot of work over the last uh few years in the mindset game because I know how powerful it is. Um, and you know, I did everything from therapy. I went to see a hypnotic reprogrammist. I don't know if you know what this is. Hypnotic reprogramming through a clinical hypnotist. And they have it here in San Diego. If anybody wants a local San Diego person that does this, it's pretty wild. But you can look it up yourself uh and go find somebody locally in your market that does this. But uh you know clinical hypnotist and they will do hypnotic reprogramming and it's wild. I mean I never thought that I could be hypnotized first of all. Um but it works and you learn a lot that you didn't know and a lot of it stems from childhood in subconscious limiting belief systems that we've you know create a lot of things that you're not aware of uh until you figure it out. But it's wild. Has anybody ever done hypnotic reprogramming before? I'm very curious. Yeah, it's pretty wild. Uh, so there's a place here in San Diego called Deep Space and I was turned on to this place by my therapist and they said, "Hey, like you may want to look into this. I know, you know, don't want to get all fufu and whatever hippie, whatever it is, but just just hear it out. Hear it out." So I'm like, "Okay, fine. I'll go hear it out." And because in my mind I'm thinking hypnotist like you know they put people on stage and they make you do weird stuff. That's not but that's not what it is. So anyhow, go in to see um this girl Jesse and she runs this place called Deep Space, Deep Space in San Diego and um we start talking and chatting and you know she can sense my resistance, you know, just against this kind of fluffy fluff stuff and you know, but she kind of says, "Okay, well let's take a look at some things." And we dive a little deeper and we don't even do it the first time. and we're just kind of it's it's more of a um a um a talk session in the beginning and then we're going to set up for the next one. So, but it's wild. It is pretty wild and it does work. Um, so but it has to be done by somebody who knows what they're doing and then you can uh reprogram subconsciously cuz you you have to get into the frequencies of the brain, subconscious frequencies in order to supplant, you know, take out and resupplant belief systems that you have no idea that are there. And it's crazy the level of subconscious limiting belief systems. all most of them created from childhood that we have no idea about that just got programmed in without us even understanding it and then it plays itself out in our real world lives and this happens every single day because if you think about it go back to like a three or fouryear-old child like if you have children if you tell them no what happens honestly what happens when you tell a three or four or 5year-old or even an 8-year-old No. What do they do? Like it's almost like it hits their forehead and bounces off like you didn't even say anything and you could say it 45 times and you you'll get the same response from this three or four or 5year-old. No, no, no, no, Linda. Like no. Like no, no, it's no. Not right now, but maybe it's yes 3 seconds later. No, it's no then too. Like they don't even it doesn't even compute, right? Because they don't understand. It doesn't even compute in their brain like you're saying no. It just means no. like yes maybe 3 seconds from now. that mentality it starts to obviously as we get older get eroded then you know subconscious belief systems get implanted and then by the time we're older then all of a sudden it plays out in our lives as to whether we take steps take action don't take action you know we think about money certain ways we think about real estate people things certain ways because it's all programmed in from a young childhood and it's going in and figuring those out and pulling out the bad ones that are like limiting us and implanting good ones in place so that way you don't even have the mindset of like, oh, you can't do that. You almost change your mind to to how to versus, oh, I can't, right? Stuff like that. Uh, but it's wild. But yeah, you think like a three-year-old, a four-year-old, I mean, they don't even understand the word no, right? So, it's very, very interesting. Uh, same with 14y olds. Yes, possibly. But I, you know, I wanted to kind of touch on this mindset game because, you know, even teaching all this stuff a toz is great. you're all are learning it and all the information is there. That's never the problem. It's having, you know, the accountability which I think is important through community. Um, staying the course through mindset, but also building it up in yourself. You know, this resiliency, this resiliency to where when you get into the negative train of thought, which happens in everybody every day. I mean, it's a scary place between our ears. Would you all agree? And we can tell ourselves and walk ourselves out of things or talk ourselves out of it or procrastinate ourselves out of things all day every day. Um, and it is wild what happens here. But I would say and everybody has a different path for this, but if you ever catch yourself in a negative rut, right, negative thought process or negative rut and you're trying to bounce out of that, this is what I personally do. And for everybody, it's a little bit different. Number one, I always have three things. Um, because it is literally impossible. I don't know if you know this, but it is literally possible, impossible for you to sit in gratitude and also sit in negativity. It's impossible. Try it. Like, go out there and start talking about things you're thankful for and grateful for and see how your body sits in negativity. It won't happen. So, first thing you can do is say three things you're grateful for. Period. or have a list of them that you can rattle off, right? I I have a a black book that I'll I'll write down and it could be the same things and you can just read them out, things that you're grateful for. It'll immediately start to change tone. That'll start the process. Number two, go outside. Has anybody done done grounding? Does anybody know what grounding is? When you ground your body. Okay. Okay. So, you can go outside at any point in time and I don't care if it's 25 degrees outside and it's cloud cover and it's freezing ass. Okay? It doesn't matter. Go outside bare feet on soil. Look up at the sky so you're you're facing sunlight. And once again, if it's cloudy, I don't care. Just sunlight. And on bare soil for a couple minutes, right? And that is going to ground your body. And then the vitamin D hitting your body. If it's sunny, gray, it's even better. But grounding the body like frequency wise is very, very, very important. And you don't realize this until you do it. Stare at the sun for just a minute or two. The vitamin D and grounding your body on bare soil is amazing. That's number two. Number three, I have a playlist on my Spotify that I can immediately go to. It's about five to seven songs on the playlist. It's the positivity playlist. It is impossible for me to turn that on and within a couple minutes not put a smile on my face. It's impossible. So maybe you want to do that for yourself and have a playlist of music because music is emotion. Have a playlist that you have set up that no matter what you can go hit this playlist of three to five songs, whatever it is, and automatically your energy will change. Right? So three things you're grateful for, ground your body and a playlist. I guarantee that little recipe if it works, maybe it doesn't work for you, but it works for me beautifully. So that way if you're ever in a negative train of thought or negative process of thought that you want to get out of the rut, you can immediately apply one of those three methods and it should do the trick and then it's going to change your mind back into a positivity mindset to start triggering frequencies. Um that's just we know that it works, right? We know that it works. Um so that is your uh Yeah. Yeah. It was Gary Brea is the best. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Uh, I've met him personally a few times. Gary Brea, he actually helped save my life, literally. Uh, does anybody know who Gary Brea is by chance? Okay, so some people do, some people don't. Uh, you can Google him. The name's there. Gary Brea. So, uh, when was this? This was in August of 2022. August of 2022. I went to a conference. Tony, it was actually a real estate conference that Tony Robbins was speaking at and before Tony Robbins came out uh for the conference. Uh this guy steps on on stage. Nobody knew who this guy was. Uh his name is Gary Brea and this was in 2022 and this was right when they were starting to launch 10X Health. Okay. So he comes out on stage, he starts speaking and he's like, "Well, listen, before I get into what I actually do now, let me People tend to be more interested in what I used to do." and he used to work for the life insurance companies and he was the chief data analyst person that if you gave them five points of information for five years of you like five years of history medical blah blah blah blah he could tell you to the month you're going to die basically and everybody's jaws drop they're like yeah you're full of whatever but then he starts getting into his talk and what hit me was when he starts like giving people hey does anybody deal with this does anybody deal with this does anybody deal with this? And then he got to the point he says, "Does anybody deal with chronic high LDL where you've gone to your doctors, you you're trying to figure out like everything else is great in your body, but your LDL cholesterol is high and triglycerides are high, but you eat pretty healthy. You just can't figure it out. It's chronic." And I'm like, "This guy right here, like this is crazy." I said, "You're like literally speaking to me." And then he rattles off. He says blah blah blah and then he gets into the gene testing and how listen you need to find out what your malnutrition in terms of supplements on your genes and obviously here's a gene test you can take and at that time it was much cheaper because they were just launching but I immediately signed up for it and then he finishes his speech and then everybody's waiting for Tony Robbins to come up. Well, I'm like this is a perfect time to go talk to Gary. So, I go I literally get up and walk outside to their booth that they had set up and Gary was out there and I got to chat with them for about 25 minutes and we're just getting into and I take the gene test, get the results back and I immediately get into the supplements that tweak the body to get it in alignment so it can actually produce correctly and do things and because I my doctors wanted to put me on statin. I'm like crap. And I'm like, dude, I'm 43 42 years old. I'm not getting on statin. I said I eat pretty healthy. I take care of myself. I work out. They said, "This is nuts. I'm not You're not popping pills in me. Ain't going to happen." So went ahead and did this instead. Within 3 months, boom, LDL down, triglycerides down, everything locked and loaded. And I went to the doctors, did the blood testing again. They're like, "What did you do?" I'm like, "This is guy. This is guy I did." So that was Gary Brea for me. And then March of this year went down to Cabo and there was a conference down there. Ed Mlette was speaking. Gary Brea, few others, right? It was an intimate maybe 500 people in this small intimate conference that were down there. And so I got to have coffee with Gary Brea because he gets up really early and then he goes and meditates on the beach. And I was up and I was walking around the hotel and I ran into him as he was getting his coffee. I chatted with him for a few minutes and then he went out on the beach and did his whole meditation thing out on the beach. Uh but yeah, I mean legit dude. So that's my Gary breakfast stories just so everybody knows. uh death officer. Um yeah. Yeah. All that stuff. It's it's wild, but you got to stay consistent with it. You know, these are the little things you can do um to help your energy levels, to help your mindset, um all of that because the resilient mind is so critically important in anything you do in life, let alone the multif family side. So, I know it's a little off topic, but I think it's really important because all the information can flow to you, but if we don't stay resilient, stay resilient together. And, you know, maybe I need to become a motivational speaker. I don't know. But that I I've had to build it up in me. And it's a process, right? It's a process of building up this resilient mind that just will fight through and have a hunting approach to life, to anything, and will kind of turn back into a little four-year-old that doesn't like if you tell me no, it's like, okay, like it just means no right now, but could be yes later, but I'm going to stay the course because I know the process is good. I know the process is good. So, it's just literally a matter of time. It's literally a matter of time because I know my process is good. So, if I just stay consistently disciplined in that process, I know it's just a matter of time before the rocket ship happens. And so, it's staying that course. And I and I would say no one does that better. I mean, if any, you don't have to be a Tom Brady fan, but I'm a huge New England Patriot Tom Brady fan. And so a conference a couple years ago, I went down in South Florida, he was getting interviewed and and spoke. And I will tell you firsthand, if anybody wants to know why he won seven Super Bowls and all these MVPs and has all this goat whatever stuff, it has very little to do with his physical attributes. It has 100% to do with the Cabesa. I mean I have yet to see or meet anyone with his level of resiliency in his brain is unbelievable. I mean he is a very very very he is a one of one and his ability to compartmentalize and focus and stay consistent. He's like honestly that is the only thing that separated me from everybody else. Everybody else everybody else would do it every other day. Everybody else would do it every other day. He would do it every day. And that difference separated. And you say his ability to do that is what separated him. There's no other way around it. And it it's crazy. It is not easy to do clearly because most people can't. It's hard, right? Most people will bounce around this. But this is where it's at. This is where it's at. So the goat forever. Um, uh, I have done I've not done a 3-day fast, but I have started fasting till 11:00 a.m. Once again, it depends on your, um, your neuroype. Your neuroype. Okay, so this is very important because we don't all fit in the same box, but you have one of four neurotypes for your body. And you can chat GPT this. This will actually be very, very, very important. But we all have neurotypes. And you can take a simple neurotyping survey that'll let you know which neurotype you are because that'll dictate how you burn fat, how you burn um carbs, how you should be eating and when, whether you should be fasting, whether it messes up your nervous system or not, how you should work out, whether you do a uh hit workout, right, where high intensity, or in my case, what I found out being a neurotype three because I produce higher levels of cortisol naturally. just naturally I I live at a higher level of cortisol. So, if I go out and do like a um uh a major hit like a HIT workout or a circuit training where you're like my blood everything's going crazy and my my my nervous system, my body goes into a fight to flight mode by nature. And so post-workout, if I'm not careful, my cortisol levels will spike by just crazy, which then anything I do put my body post-workout, it'll stores fat because that's just how your body works. So, knowing your neurotypes critically important. So what I do rather than uh starting with cardio and any of that in the workouts, my body is designed by nature. I will burn fat and everything much faster if I do low intensity, high weight, low rep. So that way I keep my um um um uh heartbeats under 150 a minute, right? My nervous systems in check. I'm not raising the cortisol levels. That way I can burn the fat naturally through high weight, low rep. That's how my workouts are. and then I'll do cardio at the end, right? Where some people are the opposite. But knowing your neurotype is really, really, really critical if you want to know how your body burns fat and carbs. Another great tool that you may want, does anybody know what loom is? Lu lumen. I think it's loom or lumen. Lumen. Lu Men. Lumen. Lu Men. Lumen. Loom or Lumen. Um, it's a little device you breathe into every morning. I have it. And it tells me if I'm burning fat or carbs at that moment and how you should be. You want to be in the fat burning mode in the morning specifically if you're going to be fasting and stuff. So that way your body is naturally in the fat burning mode. Um but it'll track it and it'll give you advice and stuff based on it's I think it's called Lumen. Lumen or Lu uh Lumen. Yeah. Great device. I use it every single morning. breathe right into it first thing before anything and it'll teach you a lot about how your body's producing because everybody's you have one of four neurotypes and you can take that little survey online. I think it's a free one you can take on neurotypes. Let me even see if I have it in here. I could throw it in the chat. You know, I know we're getting off topic, but you know, neuro See if it's in here. Type neurotype. Trying to check my notes real quick. Standby. Maybe it's ne y. Anyhow, I'll figure it out. I could send it to you guys. But what you can do is you can It's neurotyping. Neurotyping. Um, really, really, really important. Yeah, Gideon, the the the protein thing is really cool, too. So, Gideon put that in the chat. uh you know 30 grams of protein 30 minutes after you wake, low inensity workout for 30 minutes. Yep. Yep. Like the fat can fall right off the body. It's actually a great way. That's perfect for my neuroype. You're dead on with that. Um but yes, it is very very very important knowing your body's neuroype will help you understand how your body burns fat versus carbs and when and how. And that'll also dictate how you should be working out because some people should be doing HIT workouts and high intensity with circuit training. That's not designed for my neurotype. If I do that, it's actually counterprod counterproductive, right? Because you go out there thinking you're like you're you're sweating, you're getting crazy, you're doing all you're like, "What the hell?" But my weight's going up and I eat healthy. This is nuts. It's because of how your body and your nervous system is reacting and how you're burning fat and carbs and at what times. And your body does this. So if you know your neurotype, it'll tell you. So in my case, I should be doing exactly what Gideon was saying. 30 grams of protein, right? When I wake up at the first 30 minutes, low inensity workout that's uh low rep, high weight, low rep, high weight. When my body, my neurotypes in high fat burning mode where I don't raise my nervous system and my uh heartbeat above 150 beats per minute and allows my body to burn the fat right off the body. Whereas somebody else, if you're a neurotype one, two or or other, you may need the HIT workout circuit training and stuff because that's how your body does it. This is really, really, really important. Um, there you go, Gideon. I love that. Yeah. Um, I don't uh I don't really fast in the morning. Uh, that's actually against my neurotype, uh, Goofron. So when I check that out for my neurotype actually uh depleting my body of um just going into a straight kind of fast it it's not really designed my body's not designed like that doesn't react well some people's bodies do mine is not and so my neuroype is designed I should be having some form of foods and stuff and not depleting it or depriving it of that uh and staying more in a consistent eating mode versus like big pops type thing um because that'll burn it. I just need to make sure I'm in fat burning mode. my my neur um uh nervous system stays light and then I can actually burn through it much better and stay in my weight zone. Um but yeah, uh you can do it through a shake. That's how I do it. There's a I take a basic shake in the morning that's a 30 40 gram shake. Uh and it's great. You can get them sprouts on that just they're just loaded with protein, simple and straight and it's really good. Um, but that's how you'll get the um the protein in you without eating a bunch of, you know, steaks and stuff like that. So, awesome everybody. Well, it's actually cool to see that everybody's interested in this. I know we spent 30 minutes on it, but you know, it is important because like I said, no matter how much we teach all the how-to and the detail, if we can't keep our minds in a positive nature to stay consistently disciplined to make sure that we're looking at deals, right, analyzing them, writing the offers, talking to the brokers, reaching out to the brokers consistently, right, to build those relationships and rapport that all this process work that you're Right? You won't get to the points of pop, right? Because you'll get frustrating quit and frustrating quit and start and stop and quit. And it's it's all here. It's all here. It's all here. And so that is hands down the hardest part is just knowing process is good. It's going to happen if I stay the course. Stay the course. So, okay, let's move into analyzing this deal real quick that Gideon had sent in. You guys have all sent in deals. So, I love that, by the way. Um, and the teams are looking at them. But, let me show you this one in particular, and we will walk through it. So, this one is in Texas, if I'm not mistaken, in Sherman, Texas. And I'm going to share the screen and we'll kind of walk through it so you guys can see this on your screens if you can't depending if you're on your phone or or uh elsewhere. I'm going to try and zoom into it a little bit so you can um [Music] So, um, and, uh, Gideon, let me bring you up. If you want to chat real quick, let me, uh, bring you up and see if it'll allow you to talk. You can come right in here. &gt;&gt; Yep. Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; We got you now. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Awesome. Pleasure. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. So talk through this deal a little bit, just some information and then uh we can get into some of the numbers. &gt;&gt; So honestly, uh this was just the beginning exercise. You know, I'm I'm pretty new to the to the group. Um this is my second week and I've been following the, you know, 90day uh scheduling and so this was just another, you know, you're not going to find anything on Craigslist. So, just go through the effort and the uh the example and do the work and submit it. And you know, you gave me I actually resubmitted that with your corrected uh numbers that were on there for the maintenance and the turnover. Um and so I kind of looked at it and I was like, "Wow, this is this might be something that really works." And so when I submitted it, I said, "Hey, please look at this as though I would write a letter of intent on it and uh give me any realistic feedback that I need to change to to do." Now, it also did not have a price on it. And so I just used a million dollars based on the numbers that they had as the tax value &gt;&gt; and you know, just fine. And then then you're going to kind of back into what to make sure that just so everybody knows. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; Sorry. Sorry. No, go ahead. &gt;&gt; Well, I was going to say um Yeah, because sometimes they don't give you a price, right? They'll just put it out on the market and they let the market determine the price &gt;&gt; um basins. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I'm gonna I'm gonna buy it uh but not sell it for them. So, I'm going to submit a million dollars, which is what they said it was worth, &gt;&gt; and uh let them counter. &gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah. And then So, what you do So, there is no price on it right now, &gt;&gt; correct? &gt;&gt; Okay. And do they have any other offers on it? Are you aware of that at all? &gt;&gt; I am not because this I literally got this this morning and uh you know waited till we got on this chat before I you know again I was like is is this a real deal? And so uh so I I &gt;&gt; but you never you never know. So that's why once again &gt;&gt; I'm filling out I'm filling out the letter of intent uh right you know right before the meeting started. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. Yeah. So let's presume for a minute that I don't know maybe they have they're thinking in there because you can also ask them for price guidance. So just &gt;&gt; yeah the whisper &gt;&gt; right whisper price price guidance and they'll throw some numbers out there and that just kind of that can be a placeholder right when you go in here because let's say they want a million5 or at least price guidance at a million five or whisper price at a million five whatever it is then you start with that number right so this is how they would go down let's say they wanted the million5 and if everybody knows you can hover over these cells s that have the little red marks on them and it gives you some guidance as to where you should be landing your numbers. So, it'll tell you and in this case, obviously, it's saying, hey, you know, 30 30 to 35% down pretty typical and that's what it is today. Same thing here. Closing cost should range somewhere between 5 to 7%. And any of the other ones, right? Interest rates, you can, you know, scroll over these. It's going to give you, you know, hey, this is what your performer rents. It means what rents can be within, you know, 12 months time frame or so, right? If you're done with renovations and stuff. So, it's it's basically giving you that info. And then down here, it's going to give you some guidance on each of these. So, you can if you ever want to know what they are and or what this should be. And we've even updated this proforma, just so you know, in the back end now. Um, so there's a couple updates to it, just FYI. not major ones, but it'll give you some comment sections over your expense ratios and stuff which you're in alignment. And it also we added in a column here. So that way it'll show you your unit uh cost per unit both for current and for the future the proforma amounts. Okay. So you'll see that you can download the most recent one if you want from the portal that we uploaded that in there. Uh &gt;&gt; I not I noticed you actually upgraded you are using the current one that I resubmitted and so uh &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And this is all this all looks good. So you know reasonably speaking being a 1975 property which this one is 14 units and coming in here I mean I'm just looking at a a wholesome number in there. You know 56% are the current expense ratios. That is the percentage of expenses against what's called operating income. So that's this effective gross income number here, operating income number that takes out, you know, your gross income minus any vacancy and losses and stuff. That gets you to your operating income number. That's the percentage on that. And that's what you're you're in alignment, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; It should be right in there. So um that's good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you see what happens if we go up to a million5 right on the value all other things being equal right expenses are what they are revenue is what it is everything else being equal you can start to see very quickly what happens to your your &gt;&gt; yeah it falls out &gt;&gt; correct &gt;&gt; I also have 200,000 in renovation which I'm not sure that that property needs so you know &gt;&gt; if I had to adjust first of I wouldn't go to a million five. Uh but if I had to go to a million two, I would probably adjust my my renovation budget closer to a h 100,000 versus the 200,000 and and figure out what you know what's my what's my buy limit, &gt;&gt; right? So let's say we do that. We go to a million two on the price and 100 grand on your rent out, &gt;&gt; right? And then with all else being equal, we can scroll down here and we're starting to get into the ballpark. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. We're starting to get in the ballpark and and play a little bit of ball. But what this tells you is this &gt;&gt; one one is my price, &gt;&gt; right? I mean, if the broker says, "Hey, you know, we're whispering at a million five or whatever." You say, "Well, okay. I mean, do you guys have any offers? &gt;&gt; Show me. Tell me why." &gt;&gt; Right? And then, you know, from there you say, "Okay, well, you know, I'm underwriting the deal with your numbers, Mr. Broker." Your numbers. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. And backing into it because we have to have a return, right? Me and our investors. And we can't even get to a return. And I'll show you the numbers. I'll send them over to you and let's chat about and then you tell me where I'm wrong, Mr. Broker. You tell me where I'm wrong. Because because this is what the broker will do is they'll take a look at your numbers. They'll say, "Well, you know, Gideon, you know, we can probably come in here and you know, probably do that and you know, you can probably do this and you know, you don't need 10%. You can put in five there." &gt;&gt; I actually have 14, &gt;&gt; right? You can come up here now. Now you can pay us a million four. Get in. You can pay us a million for you. See what is happening there, &gt;&gt; right? They start working for the proformer. I call working for the proforma versus the &gt;&gt; I I call it the reachound. &gt;&gt; That's a more you know that's a I'm getting a visual for that one, &gt;&gt; but I I know the point you're trying to express. Yeah, totally. Totally. Um &gt;&gt; yeah, it's it's it's the good reachound. So once again, this comes down to fundamentals and sticking with it and saying, "Listen, man, you know darn well that in Texas or anywhere outside of really, really tight rental markets, &gt;&gt; Miami, LA, San Diego, Yeah. &gt;&gt; really tight rental markets. You're not operating any multifamily building less than a 10% economic loss. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So stop blowing smoke up my ass. Okay. You know it. I know it. You've been in this business long enough. So, what that's going to do, and obviously you do it with a nicer tone, is it's gonna &gt;&gt; I like your third eye. That's nice. &gt;&gt; It's gonna set the precedent like, oh yeah, you know, you're probably right, but you so they know that you kind of kind of have an understanding of how to underwrite some stuff and that and you're setting the standard. So, and yes, and that's how the reality goes. You can only move expenses what they are. where there's no way on planet Earth you're operating a 1975 building, even if it's fully renovated for less than 40 to 45% expense ratio. Ain't going to happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Never on planet Earth. And they know that too. So they will fin they will finagle with some of your revenue and expense numbers and your you know your loss numbers to make it you know better than the reality. &gt;&gt; Can I ask can I ask a a strategy question? Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, you know, when somebody has an unlisted price, &gt;&gt; to me, that says that they're they're fishing for something, you know, if I if I propose my price and it's, you know, fantastic for them, then they're they're super happy. Uh, again, I don't I don't buy and sell the property at the same time. So, &gt;&gt; right. &gt;&gt; Is that something that you're like, you know, what are you guys expecting? You know, is that the &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, that's why you can ask for the whisper, right? So, if I what ends up happening if it's unpriced, I'll get all the information, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Well, is that better to do prior to that LOI? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. You would want to do that immediately. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. So when when you get the financials like this OM and everything that you downloaded to get all these financials from them, when they send that over or you download it, one or the other, you reach out to the broker and you say, "Hey, John, hey, by the way, what's your guys' price guidance on this thing?" Or, "What's a whisper price?" Because the minute you mention, once again, that's a little little lingo stuff, right? &gt;&gt; Y whisper price or price guidance. Whisper price or price guidance. Any one of those terms is going to trigger in the broker's brain. Oh, okay. they kind of know what they're talking about a little bit and then they're going to respond with oh you know we're trending here or we're thinking here and they'll give you some price guidance and they'll tell you they because I guarantee it's higher than what you're probably going to offer right so &gt;&gt; you just then you know they let's say it is a million five hypothetically then you kind of know the back play and you can just go okay fair enough thank you and then you underwrite it you send in what works knowing full Well, you need to leave yourself some room. So, yeah, I would be going in on this one based upon all the math somewhere in that million to a million one. And then and then yes, it's, you know, a decent amount lower, but then you follow up with an &gt;&gt; We don't know that, right? We don't know that. &gt;&gt; Well, you don't know that because you don't know the price guidance right now. &gt;&gt; Correct. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; So, that's why before you send in your LOI, you should be reaching out to the broker and asking them. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Do you send this deal analyzer in potentially or after the conversation starts? &gt;&gt; Not not initially. Yeah. So procedural wise, right? Procedural wise, you get all the fact, you get all the the the information, your T12 rent roll and the OM brokers offering memo memorandum and then you plug in the numbers to the deal analyzer real quick. &gt;&gt; See where it makes sense based upon their numbers. Their numbers. you see where it makes sense on their numbers, then you can start backing away from that to see where it should sell at based upon real numbers. Okay? You see where I'm going with it? &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. &gt;&gt; Right. So, you you put in their numbers because their numbers are going to be the holy grail nine times out of 10. &gt;&gt; These are their numbers and they they listed it at 996 or something in value, tax value, I believe. &gt;&gt; Right. And so that's why I came up with &gt;&gt; correct. So whatever uh their numbers are in terms of the rents, the expenses, all of that, right? That's what gets input. And then from there, you'll back away to, hey, what is the reality, right? Because their numbers usually are a lot better than the reality, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Nine times out of 10. I mean, not it depends on the market and where you're at in the market, but right now I can guarantee you that most of the numbers you get are going to be better than the actual reality of the market, right? And it'll shift. It'll change back around in the future. You'll be catching a wave up where the numbers that the brokers are showing you are probably worse than the actual market trend. But right now, it's the other way around. The other way around. One of the reasons I might mention that I I chose Texas, North Texas, Dallas, Fort Worth area was something you mentioned on the Tuesday call and that was your partner and you know some information that so I I chat GPT you know stuff that I'd heard about with AI and coming to Texas and data centers and etc. and I have a tech background. So, you know, I did that and Fort Worth, Dallas, that area is is ripe for explosion with uh Texas Instruments and uh &gt;&gt; y &gt;&gt; se several other things. So, there's about $40 billion in uh and growth that they are forecasting in the next several years there. And so, that's that's how and I I'm from Texas. I'm born and bustin Austin and uh so I know the San Antonio region and and Dallas and I lived in Dallas and Amarillo and &gt;&gt; and all that. So yeah, that's why uh I was able to find this and just said, you know what, and I asked you what was the distance? Um and it although it's an hour from Dallas, it's only 20 25 minutes from Frisco, which is one of higher growth rates in in that North Texas area. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that's good. That'll work. &gt;&gt; So, thank you for that. &gt;&gt; Looking at this thing, too. So, um Bruce, typically one point. So, if you scroll down here, it'll tell you if you scroll over that number on your deal analyzer, it's going to tell you what the banks want to see on the debt coverage ratio. &gt;&gt; 1.2. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yeah. 1.2 to 1.25. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; 1.2. So, obviously right now yours is a little bit lower based on current current, but then what you would do is you'd come up here because you have an outlier going on here for some of your utilities and stuff and some other things. And if you look at the expense ratio, it's pretty high. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, you'd want to dig into that because realistically, if that number got, you know, adjusted properly, you know, this may go down to, you know, 6,500, right? And then you're probably in alignment on that. You want to double check the taxes. Is that the actual taxes being paid now? &gt;&gt; That's Yeah. Well, that's what they said. Um, you know, it's seems a little high to me, but again, &gt;&gt; uh, I mean, not once again, in Texas, you're going to be at about 2 and a half%. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So, depending on, you know, where they're where the assessed value is at, but you know, two two and a quarter to two and a half percent is probably not too far off. This one is a little bit high. So you just want to check on that. But either way, you know, now you start popping up on the numbers a little bit to get to where it would make sense. So what may end up having to happen, Bruce, in this case scenario is initially he may have to come in with 35% down and start popping this up to get to a debt coverage ratio. So to get that thing to work. Um uh and then what about a property that is well below in the current column but well above in the proforma? Oh gotcha. Yeah. So um it depends. It depends Bruce. So the lender will give you future rents based on proforma if there's a logical connection that you can easily get there without any renovation without any renovation. You could very quickly raise the rents to current market. meaning the current rents are way below market and all you need to do is kick them out or raise the rent to current market. That is the only way you'll get the lender to give you potentially what the real rents are. meaning they're going to go based off of this column versus this column only if the c if the if the actual rents in the market are that today without any renovation. If you have to do a bunch of value ad to get that, they're not going to give it to you. you're going to need what's called a bridge loan to get there, which is a variable rate interest loan, you know, for the two years to get to that future and then you can get fixed rate debt that's more conservative and stabilized type debt. Does that answer your question, Bruce? Yeah. Got it. And just so everybody understands that. So because there is this dichotomy in the market right now because you know maybe you do find a property and the current rents and current operations are so crappy that you you like can't get it to work, right? You can't get it to work. And so there's a couple ways that goes down. either if you can increase the rents to market without having to do any rena and no in that future column actually gets the deal done the lender may give you that and they're going to give you some runway to get it to that point. Make sense? Whereas if you have to do a bunch of renovation to the property to get those future rents, the bank probably isn't going to give that to you today. So, what's going to have to happen in order for you to do that is you're going to take out more of a renovation type loan. It's called bridge debt for two to three years. It's a short-term loan that gives you renovation dollars added to it that allows you to acquire the property, renovate the property, boost the rents, and then you'll refinance the property 24 to 36 months later into a fixed rate, lower interest rate loan somewhere in the sixes. Okay? Hey. Hey, Justin. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Hey. Uh, sorry to to pick you up point. Uh, is there any way that So, I actually have a a guy who I've done business with before as an investor. I think he sold his company out of San Antonio for about 30 million. And so, we've done business deals together. And can you go over I'm gonna have a conversation with him today about this this deal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can you go over the waterfall or perhaps the IRRa and give me the what cash he can expect quarterly and yearly and at the end so that I have a sense of &gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah. So based on this and you know this is just quick quick you know looking at it. Um so the way that you're setting this up is you're going to come in with 10% of the money. They're going to come in with 90. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Okay. You're going to give him a 6% preferred return until until that money's made. He gets 100% until the 6%. And then it goes into the next stage, which is the profit splits. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Where he's going to get 70, you're going to get 30. &gt;&gt; Now, there's also the 10% that I'm putting back in as goodwill. &gt;&gt; Right. So, you're correct. So, you'll technically be your own &gt;&gt; 40 60. &gt;&gt; Correct. You'll be getting your piece of that. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Correct. And then moving down here, I mean really at the end of the day, you can scroll all the way down. This is a pretty simple waterfall table, but this is kind of showing you what his annualized return it probably is going to look like as a general partner in LP. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; This is what his equity multiple would look like. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And this is kind of what his cash on cash is going to be looking like throughout the term. So year one, it's not much, right? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; But then it you can see it gets better and better and better. So in year two he gets 22,000 42,000 38 or 39,000 43,000 and at the end 850,000 &gt;&gt; correct now these are these are projections right &gt;&gt; and it's a fiveyear &gt;&gt; yeah but once again that's the business plan you could get to year three and you're like listen this thing's great the market's ready we should just sell this sucker or or maybe we refinance it right and maybe you refinance him out &gt;&gt; and then you hold &gt;&gt; no uh you know part of my My strategy with him is to get him as much money as possible because the the 30 door deals don't mean a lot to me. I want him in on the 100 200 door deal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So to get him his money back, you know, the three-year is preferable. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Just because it shows an absolute return, money in pocket type of situation instead of a fiveyear. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Gotcha. Uh and then uh Yeah. So once again, that can all change and you can uh I mean the market's going to dictate, you know, when that happens, but you always go into any of these deals with a three to five year business plan. &gt;&gt; And what if the what if the property doesn't sell for a year? &gt;&gt; You mean it doesn't sell for a year? Meaning if you year five and it doesn't sell, &gt;&gt; well, let's just say I want to sell in year three. &gt;&gt; Yep. Um, and you know it sits because I'm asking 1 point I guess I guess the price dictates when you sell it. &gt;&gt; Well, correct. Correct. And that can happen. So then the good news is you're cash flowing the property. So who gives a &gt;&gt; Fair enough. &gt;&gt; Right. I mean once again the only way you lose in real estate is if you're forced to sell it at that time, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And if you don't sell it, you're screwed and you lose it. And like meaning if you're overleveraged or you can't pay the debt service or you're forced to sell a property, that's the only way you lose. &gt;&gt; But if if you're cash flowing it, then you say, "Listen, man, we have two options. We can adjust our price to get it to sell, or we just hold on to it, continue to cash flow it. What would you like to do?" Right? And if you're directing that ship, you do have that control. Um but uh you may want to correspond with your investors just to get an idea. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then David, you had asked about is there a simplified waterfall? Not really. But what you do, David, is you take this information that's here and in the pitch deck in the pitch deck, which you have the template for that pitch deck, the the the part that explains the returns to your investors is real simple. Like if you just take this information and you plug it in. Yes, you have to do it manually because you're taking something that's technical on a spreadsheet with formulas and stuff and now you're putting that onto more of a aesthetically pleasing presentation. That process is what's going to trigger for the investors easy to read, easy to comprehend, easy to say yes to. That's what you have to do. You're taking the technical, putting it into a nice pretty presentation, which is what the pitch deck does for you. So that way it's presentable easier to the investors, to anybody that's interested because you have different levels of investors, right? Sometimes you may have a super sophisticated one that can just look at this and be like, boom, I'm in. Then you have sometimes, you know, grandma at 75 and she's going to, you know, she wants to see it real simple. So that's what the pitch decks are designed to is to simplify it as easy as possible so it's aesthetically pleasing and get somebody to understand it and eliminate questions. Right? That's why the difference between the two. So you'll take the technical data, transplant it onto the pitch deck so that way it's beautifully presented in a simple fashion. So that way pretty much 95% of the human population should be able to look at that and go, "Oh, okay. If I give you 50 grand, here's my projections. Here's the money out, money in. Here's how long it's out. Okay, here's my project. Okay, cool. And then they'll maybe ask some more details, but that's it. Yeah. Um, and David, and we'll finish on this. David had a small win. That's good. Any win's a good win, man. Small win. It's a good one. Uh, met with a broker for my first walkthrough. Went better than planned. I left there with packages for three other deals off market. Uh he's emailing me details on two today. Beautiful. There you go. Let's give a clap to Dave or David Hood. Good job, David. And then maybe David Susman and David Hood, you guys can collaborate. That'd be great. Yeah, congratulations on that. Yeah, and that is what the collaboration's about. So, make sure you're in the WhatsApp just to kind of finish off here. Make sure you're in the WhatsApp and you're communicating. Also, download the app, right? So, we're right now we're using both, but the native app is really good, but for the chatting feature, it seems like everybody enjoys the WhatsApp. Just it's easier to chat and communicate through it. So, we have that group specifically for all of you to connect on areas, regions you're in. You know, if you want to throw in a question, hey, who's located in these areas or who's looking for deals in these areas and see who responds, you guys can connect and then collaborations and partnerships happen. And that's what it's all about. Uh, David, you should have that link. Um, it should have I know it was sent out to you specifically, but hold on one second. I'll send it in here so that way you have it again. One second. Standby. I'll put it right in here so that way you can just get into it and they'll approve you. that way you'll have it. Um, but yeah, I just put it in the chat, David, in the chat here, right? And we can resend it back out. But yeah, let us know if you don't have that. Um, and that'll go in there. Perfect. Yeah, you can click on that and they'll review it and then they'll prove you into it. They'll prove you into it. Um, but perfect. That way you can get in there and chat and communicate and then you'll throw out, hey, I'm looking in these areas. I'm in this area. Who's here? and then you'll get responses on that so you guys can connect and collaborate. And then also you can download uh the app from the Apple you can literally go into the Apple store or into your Google um Android store, type in multifamily schooled multifamily schooled and download it directly from the app stores and then log in the same way you do to your portal. It's the same login. Okay, so awesome. All right, everybody. I know we're a few minutes over time, but be respectful of you. But hope this was helpful. I know we got a little off topic, but the the resilient motivation stuff. I'm going to talk more about that because I think that's really really helpful to keep people, you know, motivated, focused, and on track from the accountability and just the mindset, the resilient mindset that I'm going to keep pushing because I, you know, I was thinking the other day like what one thing has really helped me and that is staying resilient. you know, good, bad, indifferent, staying consistent and resilient will get you through. Um, and then this whole thing that you're doing to to work hard and stay the process, all this will happen, right? You're just staying the course and then the compound effect will happen. So, &gt;&gt; Gary Brea to Vegas. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll try that. I think he's he's a little bigger than, you know, now, you know, but he listen, this was when he was on the comeup and that was 2022 and he skyrocketed, right? Um but very &gt;&gt; Yeah. very cool dude. &gt;&gt; Um easy. Yeah. I mean, he helped me personally. So, &gt;&gt; me too. Me, too. &gt;&gt; Thank you, &gt;&gt; everybody. Have a great rest of your day. Thanks, Gideon. &gt;&gt; All right. Thanks, Justin. Bye.