Testing, testing, testing. Okay, there. Hello. Hello. Hello. Come on in. Howdy, howdy. Happy Tuesday. Tuesday evening. Probably with the time change. It's dark where everybody's at now. Let's see. We got some folks coming in here. Can everybody hear me? Okay. Yeah, we got the audio working. Awesome. Uh, perfect. Yeah, we'll wait just a couple minutes. Um, yeah, starting it off, uh, who's got some wins for us, uh, this week so far. Or is anybody depressed about, you know, the Blue Jays losing the World Series the way they did? &gt;&gt; No, not one bit. &gt;&gt; That was a great World Series, though. I got to tell you that was crazy. &gt;&gt; Well, depends on who you're rooting for. &gt;&gt; Angie, good to see you in here. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Happy Tuesday. &gt;&gt; Do same to you. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah, I got some folks coming in here real quick. &gt;&gt; Hey Justin, I got a question for you. We're looking at a 60 unit and they've got a high payroll like 80 some odd thousand and then they've got a 5% um property management and so it looks like they have an office with an on-site maintenance guy and stuff is what what's your recommendation? Do we get rid of having an on-site property and just go the full 8% with a property management company that handles that or or is it recommended to do both? What's that? &gt;&gt; 60s something units. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Where's it located? &gt;&gt; It's in Little Rock, Arkansas. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that'd be pretty tough. Um, yeah. And you kind of get the economies of scale. It It makes it t because you can operate a 60 some odd unit building offsite, right? You don't need an on-site to do that. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; uh, no, you can have a maintenance guy that's going there and so forth. Uh, but if you have a good PM that's nearby, like within, &gt;&gt; you know, 10 miles of the property, &gt;&gt; uh, it'd be very easy for them to run staff, have maintenance and all that. &gt;&gt; And then you should only be, I mean, &gt;&gt; you should be at like a 6% &gt;&gt; uh, management fee, but I would run it on your analyzer at 8% &gt;&gt; to account for leasing and commissions and all that stuff. &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. All right, thank you. Shahim, how are you? Oh, I hear I I can hear Well, I see your lips moving. Okay, but I can't hear the audio. Craig, good to see you. Got Samir and Tony Twilight in here. Awesome. Bruce, beautiful. I love seeing chat in the chat. Um, in the WhatsApp chat, &gt;&gt; does anybody in here still not is still not in the WhatsApp chat? If you are not, thumbs up. So, yeah, I see Johnny in there. So, and I know you may not like WhatsApp, right? For the security purposes. We have a security cyber guy in here. So, we gota he's trying to pro he's protecting us, protecting the world. Um, cool. Well, yeah, I uh what I wanted to go over with today, we updated the deal analyzer for you. Uh, so I wanted to show you that and then also show you a video that'll get put up into the portal which I thought was helpful and and Tony was part of that on Saturday uh on the pitch decks, right? Because kind of walking through the stages here. Let's presume you have found the deal, you've gotten it into contract, meaning they've accepted it, you're into contract. So, now you're in the process of raising the money and you are putting together the pitch deck and there's a couple slides on there that you may have some questions on as to how to put in the information and where to get the information from. And so, we're going to try and help out with that to make it easier. So, that video is about an hour long, but it's really helpful because it's going to go through every aspect of the pitch deck uh that you may have questions on specifically. there's a few pages. So, I'm going to go over that this evening. Uh if you have questions on it, you tee those up in the chat and then I'll bring you on to chat about it. And then also, uh go over the deal analyzer because another thing we wanted to do is make it a little easier to determine uh if I have an investor that is giving 25,000 or maybe a h 100,000, what would their returns look like? And that way you could plug those numbers in much easier versus having to do it by hand. Um, which is what the current simple deal analyzer does. So I'm going to share my screen. We'll go through that real quick. All right. So everybody knows this if you've been in here yet. If not, you have not seen this. This is the simple deal analyzer. Pretty much your 0 to 50 unit analyzer. It has three tabs down here. If you watch some of the videos on how to analyze and use it, they'll go through all of this on the details of it. But what I wanted to show you is on this waterfall tab, okay, what we did a few things that I want to show you that we kind of noticed, and I think it's important for you to update your analyzers, but we added this little section down here at the bottom. Okay? And I'll zoom in on it so you can see it. Um, you can technically edit this stuff in blue, but what we have found is that you really need to provide two examples on your pitch deck. Let me show you what I'm talking about. So on your pitch deck, you're going to have these slides here for example investments. Meaning if somebody were to give me a h 100,000 bucks, what do their returns look like and what would they make? Because this is kind of like the snapshot for an investor. Hey, I'm going to give you 100 grand or 25 grand or whatever it is. You really only need to provide two examples. The first one is the $100,000 example. The other one here, you'd probably just create a duplicate of this. Duplicate the page and make this 25,000. Right? Point behind that is all these numbers here that we're talking about that you plug and play and you type in, we wanted to make it easier for you to get those. And that's why we created this at the bottom of the waterfall to show you. And you can make the 50k you want it in as a negative number by the way. Negative number. So that's going to adjust these numbers here for cash flow and show you their cash on cash return, the cash flow they're going to be getting coming out each year. It's going to show you their ROI, which is annual rate of return, their cash on cash average, and then the IRRa for the investor specifically. So that way it becomes much easier to plug in these numbers here on your pitch deck, right? Annual rate of return and IRRa, average cash on cash, obviously their preferred return, you know that you would put in their return cash numbers here. The only number you'll need to calculate by hand would be this one here. And this is all relative to the deal. So, if you were going to be doing a refinance, let's say right around year three. Get out of this. What is this thing doing? Get out of there. Get out of I don't know why it's doing it's annoying. There we go. So, let's say you're right around year three, you were going to refinance this property and pull cash out, right? Is everybody pretty understanding of a cash out refinance and and why you would do that and stuff? So, let's say around year three of you owning this building, the value has increased, I don't know, half a million bucks, whatever it is. Well, now with that increase, you can go out and refinance that property, pull cash out, pay back some investors their money, including you, by the way, and then keep going. And that's where this money would show up. So, depending on the amount of money that's coming out of the property, it's very easy to calculate this. Let's say you were going to be pulling out a 100 grand. Well, based on this number here, it shows you that they're 50 grand in this case is about 10%. Right? If you scroll over this, we put in the uh the comment section, this is a percent of the total equity. So 10%. So then what's 10% of 100 grand? If you're pulling out 100 grand, 10% of 100 grand is 10 grand. So they're going to get 10 grand more in that year. In this case would be year three if you were going to refinance the property in year three. I want to stop right there. Any questions so that way because I know gets a little complicated here, but um I wanted to open that up in case somebody has some questions specifically on that. Uh Samira, I see your your hand up. &gt;&gt; Yes. Hello. Um yes, my question exactly. So, uh when they refinance it and uh when we uh pay to some of the investors, so it means that they um go out of the deal, right? We &gt;&gt; if you pay them in full not, let's say you only give 30% of their money back. Well, they're still in the deal. Now the good news is your uh preferred return is not being calculated on all 100% of their money only 70% of their money. Now &gt;&gt; but for example some investors are just 50 grand or 25 grand. So if we wanted to pay off with them uh so we pay off with the interest with kind of you know um because they're waiting for the selling the property to get some return right uh &gt;&gt; no I mean no because your investors are getting money paid quarterly to them &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; right and they're going to get potentially a refinance a cap what we call a capital event right here &gt;&gt; and then obviously if you hold that property another few years there's another big capital event coming out at the end of it &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; I'm just confusing that how we calculated their their share to just you know go um when they are uh &gt;&gt; Yeping their deal &gt;&gt; yeah so in the deal analyzer we put this in there now and I'm going to send this up in the system &gt;&gt; so if you came in here and this is where I said you can put in how much money they've invested so let's say you Samra you invested $25 5,000 with me. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So, I would come in here and I would type in 25,000 bucks. It's going to let me know that that's 5%. That's my share, my percentage of the total &gt;&gt; total &gt;&gt; 5%. &gt;&gt; Therefore, I know now that if I did a cash out refi and pulled out $100,000, five grand of that h 100,000 is coming back to that investor to you. &gt;&gt; Okay. No, &gt;&gt; that's how you know. Yeah. Okay. &gt;&gt; And then the rest of their cash flows we're calculating for you. &gt;&gt; But you can look at the formula. Like if I come to this cell right here and then I highlight the formula bar up here at the top and I highlight that, you can see where it's pulling it. It's taking the net cash flow times their percentage and it's putting it right there. So I'm getting 5% of the total free cash flow that's being distributed. Yeah, it's um this one is so much easier and thank you for &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, we just went ahead and we wanted to keep it simple and realistically for the purpose of your pitch decks and stuff you you only need to provide two examples. So that's why we literally put in two examples to keep it super simple. So that way on your pitch deck when you come here and you're you're you're um creating this slide that's in there, right? You're going to have a slide in here for 25K &gt;&gt; and then &gt;&gt; and then a slide for 100K. &gt;&gt; So that way that's the only two examples you need to provide because that's going to give you enough for because think about it for a minute. I'm going to the minimum investment is 25,000. That's the minimum investment into my deal. &gt;&gt; So, I'm gonna give you an example of the minimum and then I'm going to give you an example of a six figure investment because I know darn well that if you were to have an investor come into it and you were raising call it 600 grand, right? If we kept it simple, 600 grand was the amount you were raising for your deal. I know that ba statistically based on that you're going to have about seven investors total somewhere in there maybe eight max and you'll have about four to five of them give you somewhere between 25 to 50,000 okay and then you're going to have two or three investors give you six figures so in their mind they're going to see oh I'm going to give 150 grand okay 100 grand looks like this so obviously I can calculate generally speaking 150 is going to be you know a little more than that right and then same thing a 25 I'm going to give 50k well I know 25 looks like this so 50 is going to look a little bit better than that cool it's just checkbox for them you see where I'm going with it &gt;&gt; and how this uh refinance amount calculation how they &gt;&gt; that's yeah so that's going to be based on u your deal right so that's deal specific So just to give you perspective for a moment, let's take this deal and hypothetically for a minute, I bought it at 2 million. Okay? &gt;&gt; And let's presume for a moment that now uh it's 2 million and in three years it's worth 3 million just for simple math. Okay. So here I'm getting a loan of this 14 with this 65 times and probably 7.7 times my new value. I mean I can I can hand calculate this times that. So now I'm going to take my loan amount from 14 to 2.1 million. M &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; that 2.1 million is going to pay off this 14. &gt;&gt; So 700 grand is coming out of that deal in cash. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Well I have 570,000 I mean this is you know I'm just giving you a scenario. I have $570,000 in it total. &gt;&gt; So what this tells me is hip hip hooray. Now I get to pay back all the investors including myself by the way. And on top of that we get to pocket $130,000 taxfree and we can go buy more property with it. This literally happened on one of our 31 unit deals where we we bought it for a million5 525. We put $400,000 into it. We got lucky, hit the values at the right time, got a got a valuation uh 36 months later at $3.6 million. We pulled out money, paid back all the investors, including myself. Uh gave ourselves another $370,000, $355,000 cash on top of that completely taxfree and pay back I mean in the investor's returns. Now we're playing with house money. Now, we we designed our documents where we did not uh get rid of the investors. I will not do that again. I will not do that again. I will design it to where once they're paid off and they make a certain return, like they're at. And that's pretty normal because then the investors are happy and the first thing the investor wants to do is turn around and give you their money again. So, um but this happens. This is not rare for that to happen like that. So, and in this case, if I came over here to the IRRa, we're not looking too far off. Like, and once again, if I buy it for uh 2 million, this is my new loan, it goes to 3 million. Let's see when can that happen. Not really. So, realistically, based on this math, right around here at call it and that's a six cap rate. I'm just using this math, guys. This could be totally different, but let's say the value is now 24, right? Okay. So now, uh, we're going to pull out a million6 loan. I'm going to pay back 280, which is more in alignment, right? So that's that's 280 of the 570. I'm going to give 280,000 of the 570 coming back to investors. That's more like it right now. So that's a 50% return of capital within 36 months. It's pretty good. Investors would be stoked with that because on average you'd probably see about 30%. 30 to 40%. Unless you get lucky and you hit the market right, then you can pay everybody out. Uh Allan, I think you had a question. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can you hear me? Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, in um as we when we talked last time, I mentioned I was in an LP um deal with some mobile home parks in South Carolina. And so, they're paying out for the first time this quarter. I got an email from them, but they've got like a third party taking care of the financials and the payouts. Okay. &gt;&gt; Um what's your view on um you know like us using something like that to take care of you know the statements the payouts you know taking care of the accounting you know etc etc as opposed to doing it ourselves. &gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah. So you can have a third it depends. So, um I think once you get to a higher level, uh having a third party, uh validate the financials and double check the financials because that's what really what they're there for as an independent, you know, eyeball, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So, all it does is give investors an an additional layer of &gt;&gt; like, oh, this is cool. Um &gt;&gt; I've used them before. I didn't really I personally didn't think it was worth it. uh because you know we have third parties look at it anyways meaning we have we have our third party bookkeepers and everybody uh in terms of our process that you know reconciles all the accounts each month looks at all the numbers and then shows us what they are and then we as the general partner can decide you know can we give out that much money we'd like to of course or do we need to keep some in reserves but you have that that string to pull make sense &gt;&gt; uh yeah yep Okay, &gt;&gt; but it can go both ways. Go both ways. Um, yeah, great question came in and I think Johnny answered it from Bruce. The reason why any kind of cash out, refinance, any money out of a deal is tax-free is because the IRS does not recognize debt as income. Okay, this is literally why Elon Musk, richest guy in the world, right? Rather than taking a salary on Tesla, he tells them to give him stock options. And most CEOs do this, right? Because this is the smart play. And then what he does is he goes and he does really well and makes the stock go crazy. So his stock options go through the roof, right? Then he walks LITERALLY OUT THE FRONT DOOR. Tesla walks down the street to a local bank, walks into that bank, sits down with the commercial to the banker and says, "Listen, I want you to give me $4 billion in cash." And they're like, "What are you talking about?" He's like, "Yeah, yeah, give me four billion." Right? And they're like, "What's the collateral?" He's like, "My stock options at my company over here." So then the bank collateralizes the stock options. So now it's a loan, right? And a loan is what? Tax-free. So he does not pay taxes. He does not get a salary. He specifically doesn't even get distributions. Why? Because if he took distributions from a company, they would be taxable. Instead, he just leverages them as collateral to get loans, right? And then he uses that and that's taxfree. That is using the system of IRS. I mean, that's just standard 101. Yeah. Once you understand that the IRS uh they want you to move money. The more money you move in the US capitalistic system, the more jobs get created, the more tax revenue gets created, which is why they love multifamily and commercial real estate because one single multifamily apartment deal transaction produces money flow down to 50 to 80 jobs and industries from one deal. So all that money flows. All those people, they're probably W2, maybe some 1099s in there, but they're all going to do what? Pay income tax. So then what happens? The money goes leaves their pocketbook and goes right back up to the IRS. So the more flow they can create, which is why they love multifamily, which is why they give what? Bonus depreciation to wipe out all the taxes for the guy that did the job up top. because you you created that opportunity. You bought the building. You created the money flow. So, because of that, the IRS is, "Sweet. Go do it again. Go do it again. Go do it again. Go do it again. Go do it again." Because they know every single transaction creates 50 to 80 more transactions. Those pay income tax and then revenue goes up in terms of the IRS, meaning income collections. I mean that's that's the design of the system. Um and they so the more movement they can create that's why they give the tax benefits to you saying dude go do it again. Does that make sense? It's pretty cool when you actually see it. It kind of opened my eyes to it. Um yeah the principal to pay back the loan is taxable. So don't uh you end up paying tax on the amount anyways. Uh no it depends. Uh so the cash out refi or any bonus depreciation and stuff like that. Yes, you do pay back the loan. Uh on the multifamily building uh but that's going to be down down the line. So in the meantime though the property the property because keep in mind you're getting the loan the property the tenants are paying the loan. So, you're getting all this money completely taxfree and your tenants are actually paying your principal and interest payment every month, not you, the building is. And then you go take the money and go buy more stuff and grow your wealth. And then by the end of it, right, all these tax write-offs and stuff that you get, uh, people I hear things about what they call recapture, right? recapture, meaning all that bonus depreciation you took as a write off, you have to recapture that back when you go sell it. Only up till 5 years, though, which is why you typically don't want to sell a property before 5 years. So that way you don't have to recapture it all back. So just a little little little tidbit. And then you always want to sell a property. Just to give you an example, we're selling one of our properties, but we specifically dated the contract to close January 6th of 2026 because we didn't want to close before the end of the year because we're going to have a pretty good taxable event. And I want to give all the investors, including ourselves, a whole year's runway to go find another deal to go then do bonus depreciation again and wipe out all of our taxable event. Um, so yes, so go back to this. So when you get the deal analyzer, we'll upload this. Uh, I'll even upload it into the chat. You can download it, but then we'll put it into the portal for you as well. And I just wanted you to see this section. Another thing in there, um, once again, if you scroll over all these comment little buttons in here, you see they pop up giving you some guidance. Just FYI if you haven't done that before. Another thing we noticed, and this is uh good to note, um you want to keep hurdles one and two the same. FYI, there's something in the formulas down here that we figured out. So, you want to keep this the same. Meaning, if you're giving a preferred return, right, you're keeping a preferred return that's being paid to the investors. You want it to basically look like this. So it's 100% to the investors, 0% to the general partner for the first two hurdles. So just when you see this, just so you know, and we put this in here this way, we actually put it in the writing and commented on it so that way you can see it when you come in here to help guide you. And then this is where your split would happen. So let's say it was a 60/40 split. You could adjust that. Obviously, that's going to change your stuff down here. If you were at an 8020, right? It's going to juice your returns down here. So, but this kind of helps give you an idea of what your investors are going to make. So, it should help that way you can complete your um your pitch deck correctly. Any questions on that? And don't I mean, if you have a question, ask it. So that way because I guarantee if you're thinking of it, so is somebody else. So I if you're confused, I want to walk through that for you. Uh Ryan, I see your hand up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um do any of those adjustments all made there on the new analyzer cover that whole double dipping for the GP that puts their contributions also into the LP side? They do not because it's I mean we could put a line in here but what I thought would be easier if if in in this position what I would be doing uh Ryan is here's your returns as the GP right? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; You can go ahead and do your other returns here. So let's say in this case I'm putting in 57,000 bucks. Right. I can come down here and now I can also see my other money that's coming out of this thing. as an LP investor in my own deal. So, I'm basically getting that plus that. &gt;&gt; Okay. I just saw as far as like the LP side, but we're already calculating their IRA equity multiplier. If we put in our contributions on their side to contributions, then it lowers all of that. &gt;&gt; Uh, well, it it doesn't because you're you're you're an investor in your own deal. So if you kind of keep separate, you get this. This is your general partnership &gt;&gt; split &gt;&gt; and you're an investor in your own deal. So you're not reducing any of their returns because you you are an investor in your own deal. Like your money is literally an LP. So you're you're treated just like these guys. &gt;&gt; So So their contributions show the 513,000. Um your 57 is not part of that 513 though. That's the money you have to raise from them though, right? So, their numbers are based off the 513. &gt;&gt; Their numbers are based off the 513. That is correct. So, if we put an R57 into the 513, that would increase that number, which potentially makes their equity multiplier smaller &gt;&gt; if we're trying to double dip into it, you know, so we can pull on both sides for our uh promotions or I guess promotions only on GP, but um does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's just it's so slight that I don't know that I would worry about it. I mean, I see where you're going with it. Um, I guess we would just have to calculate how much of a difference that is, but it's pretty minor. &gt;&gt; It's pretty minor. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The easy way we were trying to calculate it is at the top, you know, you just put 0% and 100%. So 0% for GP, 100%, you would see what the actual LP &gt;&gt; calculation would be, &gt;&gt; but it does make a pretty big difference. &gt;&gt; And then you pop it down here to where it's the 570 calculation. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Yeah, because that's what it would be based off of if we're trying to pull from that side, too. &gt;&gt; Correct. And that's if you're at a 8020 or 7535 and stuff like that. Um, yeah, you are an investor in your own deal. That's technically correct. &gt;&gt; So, is that the actual IRRa and equity multiplier we should be using for our pitch decks? &gt;&gt; No. And the reason why is because inside your documents, even though you are you're an LP in your own deal, in your document, like you get that benefit, but you're not calculating it when you're doing your um share split inside your LP documents. You're going to be basing it on this amount, which is that 9010. &gt;&gt; Okay. I just want to make sure it wasn't like deceiving to the investors in any way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because inside I mean because you're getting the benefit because you're investing inside the LP, right? But realistically their shares in their percentages are based off of that 513 amount. &gt;&gt; Okay. So they will get their 2.12 equity multiplier no matter what. &gt;&gt; Correct. you're just you're getting you're getting added into it in addition to so your money will get paid similar to the LP but there in terms of their returns it's based off of the actual LP returns so that's fine there's nothing wrong with that &gt;&gt; okay I'm just trying to make sure there's enough money to go around &gt;&gt; I don't know I still don't quite understand it all different pools of money you know in a way &gt;&gt; correct &gt;&gt; or different pots &gt;&gt; but yeah all the because I mean your money's sitting here which is fine fine, but you're getting paid as an LP as well, so there's plenty of money to go through there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you'll be fine. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but that way you can help calculate it a little bit easier for your pitch decks down here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's definitely helpful. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; You're welcome. Hey, Justin, can you show again on the prep where the numbers need to be the same? So, okay, so you have hurdle one right now showing 6%. Oh, up there. Okay, got it. Got it. Got it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cuz what I was what we were seeing was down here. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; It was adjusting these numbers a little bit and adjusting the the ending balance &gt;&gt; uh for the LP, which is not the case. Um because you're not paying back anybody. Um, so like for example, if I came in here and I made this, you know, 20 and 80, &gt;&gt; you're going to notice it's going to start paying off. Where is it at? Did it do that? Did I do that right? Oh, hold on. 0%. &gt;&gt; So, in the same manner that the prep starts dropping, it starts dropping the balance. &gt;&gt; It's not supposed to do that because it thinks it thinks you're paying back equity and you're not. So that's why you want to keep this there and then just keep that the same. We just have an extra hurdle in here because sometimes people have multiple layers in the payback. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Just just presume these are the same. &gt;&gt; Okay. So hurdles one and two, we're going to have the prep at six, seven, 8% whatever that is. And then are we going to are we going to put zero for the GP return and then 100% on the LP? &gt;&gt; Yep. That's what this is right here. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And that'll stay that way. And then your hurdle three is your your your profit split, which is in this case 8020. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. Okay. &gt;&gt; All right. Cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you could split that up and you'd be fine. &gt;&gt; But that way that's added in and this will help &gt;&gt; um with your um your pitch deck because this is kind of where people were getting um uh it's just taking them more time, right? how do I calculate these little numbers and plug them in here for that specific investor? So, we did that. We went over that and you'll see that on the video. The the video that gets uploaded if you want to understand there's two videos in the back end of your portal. If you go into your mentorship uh and then scroll down to the to the financing and raising capital section, there's two videos about the pitch deck in there. And the long one's going to be up in there that we're going to go through this. you'll see it where we're talking about all these little pages that deal with some of the financials and how to fill them out if you're getting stuck in any place. Now, you know, as I'd mentioned for several of you, um, and I know we're getting a little bit into the weeds and complicated here, but it's important for you to understand it. Uh, you're in a way you're you can take these pitch decks and create a sample version of it. So that way you could almost if you're trying to raise soft commitments from people and you're just going out and talking to people and people are like, "Yeah, send me some information." You know, then you could actually send them a a sample pitch deck, right, of a sample deal. Obviously, you'd highlight sample on it. But that way you'd have like this pitch deck ready to go. That's a sample deal, sample pitch deck that you could send out to someone that gives them an idea of what types of deals and returns and things that you would do. And you could take it on any deal and do that or you could take a sample here. But that would be really helpful. Um, and I did that like when we were getting going. Once again, this is why you set up the back end. You set up your investment website, your LLC, you have your CRM in there as well. Another thing you can do in terms of the marketing aspect is a little sample pitch deck. And then I had that available. So that way if I had potential people that I ran into at a backyard barbecue and they wanted some information on me, obviously I'd get it. I'd put it in my phone and then I'd go home and I'd shoot them off a quick little email saying, "Hey, John, so great to connect. Here's a sample deal." So that way if you were to ever, you know, come in or know anybody, this is what it would look like sample. So they know, obviously this is like a draft, but it just gives them like, oh, this thing is professional. Looks good. seems like John knows what he's talking about, you know, and kind of gives that little checkbox to people if that makes sense. And that's going to allow you to build confidence with any potential person uh in that trust factor. So, um I want to go through see everybody in here real quick if I can call on it. Andrew, I see you in here. Angie, any questions from you? You're quiet. Anyway, you know, I was busy last week and this week I still have to learn a lot from how to analyze the deals, you know. Have you gone through in the in the videos? I I have two case three case studies in there where I literally walk through step by step, cell by cell, filling out the deal analyzer as I'm pulling the information from the um online. So, I pull the deal offline. I open it up. I plug all the numbers in real time right in front of your face into the analyzer. I'm showing you exactly where they go, how I would look at it, what you should look for, all that all the way down the entire thing and complete the entire deal analyzer and analyze the deal right in front of you. And there's two of those in that financing and capital analyzation part that you can watch and &gt;&gt; yeah, I watch them, but I think I need a better computer because I'm using a tablet and I don't think I was able to download it with my tablet. So, I'm waiting on a computer to be able to Yes, I think that's my problem for now. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. Well, yeah, that'll help kind of, you know, going through that. So, that way you can use the analyzer um and go through that. &gt;&gt; Exactly. If not, I have a few few deals. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um I'm working with a few brokers in Temper. Just send me a few things. I should I just have to look at them and see. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Got it. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Shahan. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; I'm having some issues with getting to decide on the market. So, you helped me by text with like narrowing narrowing down to two states and I have now North Carolina and Ohio. But like considering like I'm not just looking at Craxy. I'm actually going to fly down and meet with brokers. How do I narrow down from two states to one city? &gt;&gt; Like &gt;&gt; where? What what should I look at? Where if I had the cheapest flight? &gt;&gt; No, no, no. So, what I would do if I were going to first of all, I'd want to see like are there like markets I personally personally like right within those. So, that would be check one. Step two is I would go literally go on to chat GPT and I would put in this kind of a prompt. Uh, and we've talked about this in the past. Uh, and I know you're you just came in, but I put in there in the prompt, uh, give it the give it the states, right? Hey, I'm I'm looking at investing in multifamily in Ohio and in um, uh, North Carolina. on a table. Give me the population growth, job growth, and median household income for all of the major cities in each of those states. &gt;&gt; And I want you to go back three years, and then I want you to project three years and give it to me in a table for each of those cities. And then it's going to put it all together for you. It's going to take all that data that normally you'd have to go spend hours getting. Like in the past, we gave you the websites and said, "Hey, go extract all this data." Well, AI has changed that party. So, you can go on there and do it pretty quickly and it's going to give you this data and then based on that list, you can make an assumption because maybe Columbus, Ohio is like 2% population growth, 3% job growth, and median household income is 80,000 a year and that's like the best one. Well, that's telling me something, right? That's telling me that population is growing faster there, jobs are growing faster there, people are moving there, things are expanding. Probably good place to invest. So, I should get my ass in there. &gt;&gt; That's how I would &gt;&gt; segment it down. &gt;&gt; What would you prefer? Like from what you know about these two states, which just to narrow down a little bit, which cities should I try to look at? &gt;&gt; Well, having recently been to North Carolina, I'm very bullish on that. It's pretty cool state. Uh, and all the cities in there between Charlotte and then you have the triangle of Raleigh, Durham, and uh, Chapel Hill. pretty sweet. Uh but it's also getting pricey, right, because of it. But it's pretty pretty sweet. &gt;&gt; Uh Ohio is blowing up, right? It's growing market. Most of the cities in there, Columbus, Cleveland, I mean, the names keep going. I think there's a lot of growth in that upper Midwest. Uh any of that kind of upper Midwest triangle. I mean, even, you know, Michigan, you know, Illinois, if you're out of the main I know it's it's a harder landlord tenant state, but if you get out of the main metros and into a little bit of the tertiary markets around Illinois, you can find some smoking deals. I mean, I'm talking like $35,000 a unit in a decent neighborhood where you don't need a gun, you know? &gt;&gt; So, yeah. when I fly down, I need I need to have my website and cards and things ready. &gt;&gt; No, but it would be nice. Yeah. So, it would be nice if you had, you know, some of that stuff set up, but I would kind of plan that, you know, first trip. Um, I mean, it's going to be getting colder there, but hey, I did mine in January, so and that was Kansas City, and I've never felt cold like that in my life. I didn't want to feel it ever again because I think it was literally the like negative three. I don't even know what it was. It wasn't even registering. Um but it was cold. It was cold. Uh I was supposed to get out of the car and go tour the buildings and I'm like you just want to sit right here. I was I was a wussy man. I'm coming from Palm, you know, uh from Palm Tree, San Diego, man. You know, I don't know coal. This is why, you know, certain teams don't play well in the cold weather. They're not used to it. That's how I would do it is I'd say go into these states, Chad, GPT, and go to each major city and give me all the data. Population growth, job growth, median household income, those are the big ones, and list it three years in the past and three years in the future. Put in a nice table for me and rank them, you know, best to worst. And then you you choose based on what you see from that table. Make a choice on which ones you like personally based on that. And then I would go ahead and uh plan, you know, my little three-day reconnaissance mission uh into those markets and start reaching out to the brokers, creating the connection. So that way when you come in town, you can meet a couple of them, meet a couple of the property managers, get connected with a few lenders, and that way you're starting to build that little team within that market because by building that now, you're going to start to start to see deal flow and you got to follow up, follow up, follow up. Trust me, the brokers are not going to follow up with you. That you need to follow up with them and you know, go go make it happen. They always say close mouths, do not get fed. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. Close mouths, do not get fed. &gt;&gt; And so you got to go eat. And part of that and you're not annoying the broker. You just, you know, quick little reachouts, touch base couple times a week, just letting them know you're there. &gt;&gt; Letting them know, hey, I'm a real buyer. &gt;&gt; I'm here. I want to make things happen. You know, just simple stuff. doesn't have to be elaborate. Uh just to let them know, hey, I'm I'm a player and I want to make things happen here in the market &gt;&gt; and I want to get on your preferred list and your pre-market list &gt;&gt; to start seeing some deal flow from these areas, &gt;&gt; right? Besides finding those brokers on Crai, like reaching out here on WhatsApp once I know the city where I'm going and like asking which brokers actually deliver good deals and which property managers it's worth to meet with. That's something I can do. you can and you know Krexie is going to give you a decent idea. So when you scroll through Krexy because and I always say listen if you have a rolodex of commercial brokers then you don't need Krexy but most people don't. I didn't either. So I went on Craigslist to use that really as a rolodex to find brokers. I could care less about the deals. So I'm scrolling through those thumbnails on Crexy looking at the icons for the logos on the brokers. And the more of those I see from that particular broker, what does that signal to me? They probably got some more listings because for every single one of those thumbnails that's on Craigslist, they have two, three, or four that they're working on that are not on that website yet, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And those are the ones you want to get access to. So, you know, you're not going to get access to those without building some relationship because they give access to those deals to people they know, not just randoms coming off online. So, you got to build a little bit of rapport and that's why you do this method and that's why you also fly out because you can do all the phone calls and Zoom calls you want and that's great but there's there's no, you know, um uh missing the word. There's no replacement for a bellyto belly, eyeball to eyeball. It just there's just no no way. Um, &gt;&gt; and one last question, you said about meeting lenders as well. Is there any point in going and seeing lenders from that city versus you you said you have your preferred lenders here on on the back end? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Like what's the point of meeting a lender from the city? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, twofold. Uh, you definitely can use the preferred lenders in our system. Absolutely. Um, you want the local lenders because the local lenders will probably give you better terms on your loans locally. And the brokers, meaning the lenders in our back end, yes, they can do loans, no problem, in that city, but they may be a little more expensive, &gt;&gt; right? Because they're not local. So, the local commercial banks are going to be better lenders, especially on some of these smaller deals in that marketplace. And you can leverage the brokers to get access to it. I mean, everybody in here that's in the middle of deals right now can speak exactly to that. That the minute they reached out to the broker and said, "Hey, you know, do you know a couple local commercial lenders in the market that your other clients use to buy their multifamily? Do you know any?" The broker's going to be like, "Yeah, I got two or three. Let me send them over to you." And then now you reach out, right? Now you have a reference in. Same thing with the property managers. Talk to the brokers and say, "Hey, do you have two or three property managers? I know you don't want to refer anybody, but maybe a list that you can give me that I can reach out to, other clients are using to manage their properties in the market. Yeah, actually I do. Let me send you two or three over. I'll shoot them over. Reach out to this guy, this guy, and this guy. Perfect. &gt;&gt; So, all the contacts start from Crazy. &gt;&gt; It starts there. Correct. Because the brokers are your gatekeepers. They're the gatekeepers into the market. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because this is if it were residential real estate, that's a whole different ballgame. You can see most stuff online. Commercial is still good old Cowboys and cowg girls club. You got to get behind the scenes. You got to get bellyto belly. It's just they're they're controlling. You don't have the same access in commercial real estate to see everything online. It doesn't work that way. It's still good old cowboy cowg girls club. And that's why &gt;&gt; setting up the market, doing this, getting behind the scenes is so important. And we walk you through that process. That's why we're here. Yeah, I would go into the chat too and WhatsApp because that's a great communicator with all everybody in here and start asking the folks that have already done it and they'll help walk you through it too and then I'm here for you same way. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Awesome everybody. Well, yeah, we'll get this up in the system uh the updated analyzer for you and then uh you'll also be able to watch that video on this pitch deck if you're looking how to place everything going through it and you have a bunch of questions. you know, it's an hourong video, but it's well worth your time. You can speed up and go through it on an area that is important to you. So, &gt;&gt; can I ask one more small question? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What do you think about um bidding on on auctions on things that look quite cheap? &gt;&gt; Uh they're fine, but you need to have cash. You're not getting any loans. &gt;&gt; There's no loans on auctions or &gt;&gt; No, because you got to move like yesterday. You can put a loan on it later, &gt;&gt; but you're going to have to acquire it and close escrow with cash. So, they're great deals because you can get a great deal, but you need to have all cash to go in and then you'll get a loan on it later. So, most people don't have that ability. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Even a hard money loan I can't get. &gt;&gt; You could if you have a private lender that'll give you that money to give you short-term financing and you're okay with those terms. Sure, that can work with a private lender as long as everybody's on the up and up that you're going to refinance them in six months or less. meaning you're going to use it as an acquisition. &gt;&gt; So, they're probably going to charge you pretty high points on the deal &gt;&gt; and then, you know, a good chunk of interest, but you can go in there and if it makes sense financially, you can take it down. You bet. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; You bet. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; You bet. Yeah. Samir, I know you have one question. question um about the um Thursday uh Zoom meeting. What time is it that? Um I didn't see in a email that they sent us uh regarding the instruction of the uh our uh event for the for the 3-day &gt;&gt; for Thursday online virtual virtual uh Thursday. Uh so is it in the morning? Is it in the afternoon? &gt;&gt; Correct. So, yeah, if you're going to be coming to the 3-day, so we don't have a class that day, but we have the virtual 3-day starts that it starts at 9:00 a.m. sharp. &gt;&gt; So, we'll send out, they would have already sent it out, but you'll get an email here for a check-in that'll be coming. And that I think that's going to be tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Okay, I see. &gt;&gt; And you'll be able to check. &gt;&gt; So, the Thursday uh Thursday virtual class is also at 9:00 a.m. &gt;&gt; Thursday. &gt;&gt; Yeah, because the three-day event's happening. So, we're not doing our traditional um &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; at 10:00. We don't have a class, but it is start at 9 a.m. &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah. If you're coming into that, you bet. &gt;&gt; And the um gathering network gathering for those people that are in the Vegas for Thursday night um evening. Um where is that? Do you know or is not the official? &gt;&gt; Uh there's no gathering Thursday evening. We're doing it all Friday evening. &gt;&gt; Friday evening. Okay. And then an email just went out to everybody a little bit ago that has the details on all of them. So check your emails. Uh we'll be putting another one out as well. But yeah. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you. &gt;&gt; You bet. Awesome everybody. Have a great evening. &gt;&gt; We'll chat soon. &gt;&gt; Thanks Justin. &gt;&gt; Looking forward to seeing youall in Vegas for those that are making it. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much.