Everybody's coming on in here. Good to see everybody coming in. Happy faces. Testing. One, two, three. There we go. Very cool. Samira, Joshua, we got David. David, I felt like I was just on the phone with you. [laughter] Uh, Sujet, Vincent, how are you, sir? We got Allan, Michelle, Shahim, good to see you. Craig, Mr. Michael, awesome. And then Sid, good to see you, Sid. &gt;&gt; Nice to be here. &gt;&gt; All right, so yeah, let's talk about I guess some wins for the week. Um, you know, other than some of you winning the jackpots in Las Vegas, anything else we need to talk about? [laughter] Don't be shy. Uh, Tony, how was the top of the world? I think you went up to the stratosphere. &gt;&gt; Tony, as in me or somebody else? &gt;&gt; Uh, you, sir? [laughter] &gt;&gt; No, I didn't. I didn't go to the stratosphere. &gt;&gt; Oh, I thought you did. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. Um, &gt;&gt; no, I have no idea. &gt;&gt; But, but as as far as wins, um, so we've got an executed LOI on a 26 unit purchase in Tulsa, Oklahoma. And then that big deal that you know that I had told you about, um, we got a green light. Um, I'll fill you in on details, but, uh, it's pretty pretty interesting deal. So, um, basically the seller wants us to come in with 265,000. It's going to give us about a month or so to to get that. Um we got we got the deal for 2.65. Um we come in with 265. He's going to catch up the the taxes that are in a rears and then um he will sell our finance to 2.4 at zero interest for 18 months and we can pay it quarterly. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So that's pretty sweet. And so we ran we reran numbers which I'll I'll shoot them to you. Um, but we're looking at probably a 2.3x uh equity multiplier on the deal. Um, so I mean we've got an equity raise of a little over 7 million. So it's uh it's going to be pedal to the metal, but uh &gt;&gt; I mean that's not that much. &gt;&gt; It really I mean I mean it really isn't because really &gt;&gt; well to take down the actual property, right? We we need 2.6. So that's the first trunch. I mean, obviously the first thing is the 265, then get to the 2.6, then we own the building outright, just like we did Superior, right? Just like we did the other deal in in Cleveland, except this one will syndicate. And it's actually the it actually the same seller. Isn't that crazy? &gt;&gt; Very interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, beautiful. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; See Joe coming on. Um, anybody else? Joshua, how are you doing, man? &gt;&gt; Good. every everybody got home safe that came into Vegas. Um, for the folks that were there andor even the folks that were virtually online, I mean, tell me a little bit about some of the takeaways, you know, from that. Maybe one takeaway. OPM &gt;&gt; made some shirts. I made some shirts. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I like that. What does that say? Got &gt;&gt; real estate. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I wear this to the gym so they can ask &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; I like that. I mean, it does create questions. It does create questions, which is good. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; standing in here. He's got his hand up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Justin. Um, just a excellent event. Always a lot of value. And, um, it's it to me it was a couple shifts just, you know, it's no longer kind of theory and we're in the portal, but we're there. It was so great to to do those sessions with the vendors and then it was just really valuable to connect with everyone and see how depending on where you are, how we can support each other in getting to the next level, taking the next step. Um, and and being able to synergize in that way. I mean, that's a massive benefit for the community we're building. and uh and it just got me so so charged up to to to just get after it and and you know get our 90-day um goal accomplished and and how we can also all help each other. So really well done event. Lot always a lot of value. Cool to see your family and just see everyone in person. So ma massive value for me. &gt;&gt; Just wish it was longer. &gt;&gt; You wish it was longer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Wish we had, you know, added an extra day on it. I think I would have liked that. You know, honestly, that was my biggest thing is just a little longer time for networking because it was just there's so so many people that are like-minded and how often are we in a big group of people that are, you know, have the same goal and there just wasn't enough time I felt like to get to know everybody. So, yeah, you know, my only thing is just more of it, you know, let's do four of them a year. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, the next one will be a full three days. This one was essentially three-day event but two days in person because the event space was not available on that Thursday. Um but the next one in Charlotte which will be in Q1 of 2026 uh we'll be having it out there on the east coast. So for all the folks out there and then everybody traveling. So um and uh Charlotte's pretty awesome if you have not been there. It's pretty cool. So I'd love to see that. Um any other kind of takeaways from that? I mean I think I I agree with you uh Sanden and um yeah being able to I think more than anything and I think you all know is um is the mindset. You know I can't stress it enough and I'd love to introduce a couple folks on here that are newer in with us. Uh Sid, we got David, we got Chase and uh uh I'm gonna butcher it. Hi, [laughter] I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; I'd love for you guys to introduce yourselves real quick and then kind of tell everybody what market you're in because it reinforced more than anything just the the power of connection as you said. Um the power of the mindset because the X's and O's are the X's and O's. We can teach that till we're black and blue. But what's cool is when people can I call it push and a pull and you know if maybe you're struggling mentally with stuff maybe people can pull you along or if you're doing this we can push you along. &gt;&gt; Um because it's everything I mean I don't even know how to put an exclamation point on it because a resilient mind as you're going through this little &gt;&gt; is the key component component. Um would you agree with that? &gt;&gt; Had you not shared your your journey where it's you know it it you you made that breakthrough. you know, you left that conference and you said, "I'm committed to doing this." And the foundation of everything we're doing is based on that massive shift that you made. And look where you are a few years later, hard-earned, but a thousand doors and and building a community and empowering others. And and to me it's like it seemed like you're already producing results on a lot of fronts and and very smart and entrepreneurial but where you are now is the context is so much larger and uh it was all a result of you um staying committed and and also you know leveraging Rudy uh raising money. It's funny to hear you say like I wasn't that good at raising money. U but look, you know, now it's it's not an issue and you've raised, you know, I mean, first you raised 900,000 and then we don't know about all the other deals, but there's a deck where you were pitching on a 220 unit property. So, I'm pretty sure you've gotten much much better. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The the most money I've raised in conjunction with other people, by the way, was 12.2 million &gt;&gt; uh on like a single deal. A single deal. Um &gt;&gt; sometimes um people when they're on the edge and I can speak for my eyes is sometimes when you can borrow that and just uh you know get out of your head and just make the calls. I mean it's uh you know there's two pe types of people in the world. People we know and people we don't know. And and um you know it's like who do you know is such a a great way to do it because you're not hard hard closing them and and it they can have FOMO. there's plenty of people who may not be ready right now that would still tee up and introduce people and uh just yeah that that shift you made is that's what's possible for all of us and and and we have all of the same components in a system with trusted vendors and support and uh that pushpull dynamic is is I think is going to be so helpful. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I would agree. Um and that's why I wanted to bring in the hypnotist. I wanted to focus on the mindset mainly from speaking with many of you who are like right there. It's like you're doing the process. You're staying consistent. You're right there. And maybe it has happened. Maybe it has not happened yet on a deal, but it's like so close and you got to just stay the course. I can't stress it enough. I understand it can get frustrating. Um but you're just on the other side of it. Okay. Um, I mean I and in in using pain as fuel, using your pain as fuel. Um, because I I did that for myself. I mean, imagine it. Uh, I wasn't even when I did this for myself and wanted to make this leap, you know, I was 100% real estate agent, nine, 10 hours a day, 100% commissioned, no paycheck unless I make things happen. And then I come home, got the family time, the wife, the kids, all that. Kids go to bed at 8:30. That is your moment of reckoning because I can do a go sit on the couch because I'm tired and turn on Netflix and watch some TV and zone off for a couple hours before bed. That's option A. Or I could say, you know what, f that. I know where I want to go and I'm going to then get on the computer for a couple hours and look for deals, analyze them, write the offers, and do that. Not one day, not two, not three, not four, not five, not six, not seven, not eight, not You get the point because it's pain is my fuel. And that's what does it. And I and I totally get it. It's a mindset game for everyone. And that's why it's so important that we lean on each other as we're going through this because I get it. We're all busy. You got stuff going on. You got people pulling you in 14 different directions every day from kids to family to jobs to this to that. I got it, you know, but we've got to find a way to slice out an hour or two a day towards this goal. No different than Don Casper, which he's one of the better ones on there. I loved it when Dom the hypnotist called him out. It was so good cuz you know this guy Don you know he's 6'4 you know pretty lean jacked up guy goes to the gym he's working 60 to 80 hours a week building power lines right makes good money he's in the community and he had been chatting to me for a while because he hadn't gotten a deal quite yet um and he says I just don't have the time Justin and I'm like really Dom called him out the hypnotist because he like looked right at He said, "You look like you're pretty fit." And Don's like, "Yeah, yeah." And he's like, "So, you find time for fitness?" He's like, "Well, yeah. It's like a priority for me. It's like my identity." And Dom's like, "You get the point. Like, you work 60 to 80 hours a week, but your fitness is a priority." Meaning, it's in your identity. So, why isn't multif family in your identity? Why is that not a priority? Because you can find it. You clearly find an hour or two to go work out because you look amazing. He's like, "Yeah, it's because I like it's a priority." I'm like, "No shit." Like that. You get the point. We're You get it? Like you got to lean in. And so Don had like an awakening and I love that because he realized, "Okay, I gotta do my part." And that that's cool because that's what it's about, right? And kind of making sure we're staying consistent on that. Um, any other kind of last takeaways? And then what I'm going to do because I thought this literally just came up today. So I was going to go over the a deal But I wanted to show you in the financials that you're going to get from the brokers and from the agents and stuff discrepancies in things to look for when you're underwriting these deals because we've found one and you're going to probably find these because brokers are really good at masking these in the numbers they give you. So I'm going to identify that here real quickly just on a deal to kind of walk you through. So, when you're pulling down the financials on the deal and the OM coming from the broker, you'll be able to kind of decipher through what's probably good information and what's probably, you know, full of hot air. Okay. Um because this literally just happened on a deal and I know that this is not the only one. For sure. For sure. Uh any last kind of takeaways and then we'll get rolling. Good to see you, Chase. See you in here and many others. Michelle, some of you have your cameras off. Are you in your birthday suits on your couch or what are we doing? You're scared. [laughter] Don't be scared. Don't be scared. Yeah. So, let me share my screen. And this is the C the Crawford deal &gt;&gt; that's one of the, you know, Michaels in and a few others are looking at. &gt;&gt; Uh, still at work, unfortunately. Okay, no worries. Totally understand. They don't want to get you in trouble. We don't want that. Um, so as you know, there's three pieces or call four pieces of information that you get when you're downloading this information to be able to analyze a deal. One of them, the first one is the the broker's OM, which is their bro, it's like their marketing package to you to showcase the property. And it's going to give some, you know, overview, executive summary stuff, some information on the property, a little bit of a history, some stats, stuff like that. Property description, right? All the stuff. You guys have seen it before. It'll kind of break down the type of construction on the property, some details, all of that. And then we'll get into the financials here in just a minute after the market. Here come the financials. Okay. So, some things that I wanted to point out on this one that I know are prevalent on most of the ones you're going to see. So, this is what's, you know, this is the broker's profit and loss statement, right, that they've put together to help market the property. So, up here on top, you're going to see T12. All that means is the profit and loss statement for the last 12 months. T12, time 12, and then T6 means 6 months, T3 means three months. So when you see this on the OM, that way you know what they're doing is they're averaging it out the last 3 months. They're averaging it out the last 6 months and then so forth for the last year. Then here's the current, like the actual current financials, right? And then they put in here proforma. What that means is a year from now, a year from now, this is what the property could look like financially. That's what that means. Current is like what it looks like today. Okay? And just to keep that in perspective, couple things to point out here. Coming down into the expenses, you'll notice in here under the repairs and maintenance line item, and you'll see this a lot, you see how they have like 42,000 on the T12, 43,000 on the T6, and then the most recent trailing three months, it's 56,000 for the expenses. But then you come over to the current and it shows 22,500 and the proforma meaning a year from now 23,175. Obviously a pretty massive discrepancy. The reason why you may see that sometimes, just so you know, because this is going to affect your numbers, and I'm going to show you here in a minute, is sometimes you'll see large one-time items inside of these expenses, and you need to be able to extract those out because they're not standard operating costs every single month. It's like a one-time hit. Meaning, we replace 14 water heaters. That's not normal every month. It's a one-time hit. Sometimes they stack these expenses inside here and they really should extract those out. So the broker told Michael, uh, yeah, you can pull these out and this is what you can do. When he did that, he was left over with 37,000 and some change. And then the broker said, "Oh, no, no, you need to pull out some more. The real number should be around 22 to 23." Okay. And then as Michael dove in more and really looked at the numbers, he said, "No, no, no. The numbers are really more around the 37,000 number." So like this number that you guys are putting in here is just not it's not accurate. Right? And so here's the actual T12. and kind of you're seeing this is back from October 2024 all the way through September 30th, call it October 1st of 2025. And they're showing you the actual rental income and all that stuff coming in here, other income, all of that. And then they're showing you expenses from pretty much this point forward every month on the property all the way down. And if you add up these two right here, 60. I know it's small, so just bear with me. I'll try and zoom up on this baby here. See if I can get here. So, they have the total controllables, which would be like property taxes, insurance, things that are very consistent every month. That's controllable of 62,000 and some change for the 12 months. And then they have other operating expenses of 233 233,610. So that averages out down here at 296,000 bucks for the total operating expenses. Okay, so keep your eye on that number 296428. Okay, that's the that's based on the actuals from the property. Now the deal analyzer. So, this is where you're actually going to plug in all the numbers. And uh let me get off of that one real quick. Wrong one there. Let me open up his real quick. Pull this other one up. One second. most updated one this one. Yeah. Okay. So, let me share this. All right. So looking at this one, this is your deal analyzer, right? Because right now he's in contract at 2 million or 3,250. 35% down, all these things being equal, closing costs. And what we figured out is we can't really do seller financing on it. Not going to work. So this is going to be 6.25. There will be no seller financing. So this all comes out and the revenue is what it is. So that's accurate. No problems there. But over here was kind of where we were running into the issue because of the maintenance and repair numbers because realistically the brokers really want it to be around 24,000. Remember that's what they're trying to show in there. When in reality it's really closer to 37 37. And so the property is operating right now at around a 54% expense ratio. And I also told him, I said, "Take out your payroll because you're going to operate it with a management fee of about 8%." Right? Management fee of about 8%. That's going to include everything. So don't worry about that. So that's in there. And everything else being equal, I said you could probably move this down to 14,000 because that's a little too high. Okay. So, we move that down. The other thing I told him is, and this is something for you to uh keep in mind when you're doing this, when you go to purchase the property, see how this tax rate up here is 40,000. This is what the future tax rate would be on 3.2 million or whatever the assessed value of the property would be in the future. Well, you kind of need to account for that a little bit, at least for the first year under the current numbers. So, this is probably going to be around the same amount going in. And you have to look at it like that because all these expenses are going to be in here. And you're going to have the maintenance and repair insurance. I said you could probably bring that down around 17,000 because that's in line with what the other one is. So, this all looks pretty decent in here. And everything else being equal down here, you can start to see the issue we're having at the price point. Your debt coverage ratio, which needs to be 1.25, is one. Is one. Now, you could adjust a couple of these numbers and get away with some things for the banks, but it's going to start to get challenging. So, you know, we had a conversation with the broker today and we said, "Listen, man. I mean, pretty difficult to buy a property." And in this case, it was actually closer to about a 5.25 cap cap rate. And we've talked about this is uh look at this and then look at that. Okay? So, you're seeing the 4.99% cap rate. Just so all of you know this, you cannot buy any kind of rental income property when your cap rate, right, is more than about a half point below your interest rates. Because the definition of a cap rate is that is the cash on cash return percentage-wise of the property before you pay any loan. So if your loan you're paying a 6.25 but you're only getting 4.99 in cash, we have a problem. You see where I'm going with it? You can usually get away with about a half point delta. So, if this was like 5.75, 5.8, we could probably pull that off. Any more than that, it just doesn't work. And so, what's happened is the broker's underwriting is off and therefore ours is off. And so, it was interesting because the broker on the phone was kind of like, well, so do you guys just didn't underwrite it in the beginning correctly? and we said, "No, no, we we put in your numbers, but the problem is in going through the analysis now that you're in escrow and doing the due diligence, the detail, we're seeing that this is not 22 like you said it should be. It's closer to 37 in reality." And it starts changing things because a lot of these numbers change because this property should operate right about here. See how that's 46% expense ratio for a property right of of 1980 or newer. It should operate right around 45 44 456%. If it's an older property he says you roll over this. See how the uh comment pops up? It says if it's 1980 or older, 1980 or older, then it would probably operate north of a, you know, 50 45 to 50% or more expense ratio. So that kind of gives you some ballparking as you're going through here looking at these numbers. It's going to give you some guidance. Okay. So the point being behind this, the only way that we could get this thing to work, right? The only way we can get this thing to work is we come up here. This has to be $3 million. And this has to what do we got this thing? We got to get this thing that could be moved down to 10. And then there was one other thing we maneuvered. Oh yeah, I said that we could pro this thing could probably get down to about 37,000 on your taxes because that'll be at the new new price point. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then you said that you [clears throat] said that we would uh have to be on top of it with the maintenance and repair right off the bat. &gt;&gt; So that would hopefully come. &gt;&gt; Yeah, because this this number is really high, &gt;&gt; right? This is the correct number at 800. &gt;&gt; Like right around $800 a unit &gt;&gt; is a is a fair number for your R&amp;M. &gt;&gt; Uh &gt;&gt; yeah. And andly, you know, they told me that, you know, that had capex in it. Well, when I got the work orders and went through everything, that's not that wasn't the case. I questioned it, sent it out to them, they went back to the sellers and they said, you know, this is what it is and we done the math and it's accurate. So, wasn't capex and that was a big change in the &gt;&gt; in the deal, &gt;&gt; right? See, but you can see now that if if the thing gets down to 3 million like you said, and then you can you can come in here and control a couple of these items, which you can, that should be in alignment. I mean, you should be able to operate a 2011 property &gt;&gt; at $800 a unit all day long if you're unless something's going on, &gt;&gt; right? And so that should get you in alignment and then you can see these metrics start to play ball because that's an alignment. That's &gt;&gt; and even I think &gt;&gt; I think their contract services are high too. I mean they're paying a lot of money for &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you could probably you could probably dig into these line items as well and see if you can clean some of those up a little bit. &gt;&gt; Um you know snow removal is going to be somewhere in there a little bit. But yeah, you just dig into them. Um, but that this would start to work. And then over here, that was all fine. And then I think you we you adjusted. You may be wanting to go to an 8020 maybe because &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And we'll go through this waterfall because a couple of you guys have asked about, you know, how this waterfall works. This is how the investors and you get paid. Okay. So, what this is telling us is investors are going to get around 15%. you as the general partner are going to be getting about 27% a year on your money. They're going to get around 15% on theirs. Now, the good news is this does not include any tax benefits. Okay? And for you as the general partner because you get to double dip the deal. And for those that haven't heard of this before, when you're a general partner, a sponsor on a deal, and you're putting in your money, let's call it your 10%, which would be this amount right here, thisund, in this case, 116,000, right? That 116,000, you're actually buying shares in your own deal and acting as your own limited partner. You're one of your own investors in your own deal. So your money is earning the exact same right alongside the rest of your investors going through the deal which they love by the way. And then in addition to that, you also get the general partnership, right? Think of it like a tip at a restaurant. Your server did great service. That's like the standard. Delivered great service. You got the check paid. And then because you did such an awesome job with your service and were so kind and generous, that's why you get the tip. Think of it like that. So you come in here and so you're getting to double whammy it. So your returns are well north of 30% a year on this particular deal even even when you're giving 80% of it to the investors. It's pretty cool. Uh any I want to open it up to questions right now. uh as we're going through this um I'll look in the chat real quick and then um going through that and then I see a hand up from Allan if you want to if you have a quick question. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, can you hear me? Okay. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Hey, so um for that deal, Michael, so are they going to come down in price? Are they thinking about it or what's that? What's the status on that? &gt;&gt; Um, I'm honestly I don't think I'm gonna do the deal. I just lost six grand, but &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; It is what it is. I don't think I'm gonna go forward with it. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Is it attractive if you counter? &gt;&gt; Well, I think me and Justin done that today. And it's just not it's not it's a a lot of stuff have to play right in order for investors to get the bare minimum that I would want to even offer to anyone. And it's my first property and I want I want better I I want to do better than that. So I'm I'm currently while listening to this I'm analyzing a totally different deal. So I'm gonna [laughter] talk with the broker tomorrow and back out of that. So &gt;&gt; all right. Well good for you Michael. All right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, but here's the good news on it, right? I mean, if you are going to back away from it, his deposit's fully refundable. He's within his timelines. &gt;&gt; Worst ca I mean, worst case scenario, you're into it. Lot cheaper to lose a few thousand, right? Which obviously nobody wants to because of inspections, right? Did inspections and stuff on the property, due diligence, &gt;&gt; but that's a lot cheaper than finding out after you try and close that you're up shit's creek, right? So, this is why &gt;&gt; I'm not I'm not mad at it. I'm not mad about it. Uh actually, you know, build a lot of good relationships trying to raise money and uh you know, I've got some good partners for for the next deal. So, like it it's all it all turned out really well and I learned a lot. So, that's that's I'm not mad about it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, totally. Um and then Mike says, "This book speaks to all these things and gives you actual strategy." Oh, ch Oh, you're saying about the mindset book. Um, a changed mind. So Mike put in the chat for everybody. It's by David uh Bayer, a changed mind for a great book FYI. That's &gt;&gt; Justin. Hey, it's Sand and question. So these discrepancies are they kind of the usual suspects in every deal where they attempt to u either you know hide or the the expenses that you know that it's uh I guess these are areas that we should always be paying attention to or is it just it it changes deal to deal? It does change deal to deal. But yes, these are one of the things that you dive into in detail. And sometimes you can catch it right before you get into the due diligence and contract and all that stuff. Sometimes you can't find it until you get in there because he had to get some other financials and work orders, right? work order reports and other reports to kind of back into it and say, "Hey, like I know you said there's a lot of capex, like one-time expenses in these repairs and maintenance line items and a few other ones, but it looks like these are their actual numbers. And so, you just got to realize it's not that it's not that you're not going to improve it. I mean, through better operations, Michael will improve it. We would imp you'd improve the property. That's not the problem. The problem is you're taking it on today with today's numbers. And yes, I I get the hope and pray mentality and and that's probably going to happen, but you still got to buy it, right? And it's still at the end of the day, it comes down to the simple math. And I told the broker this today, and I don't think he unders I think I don't think he liked it, but I said, "Listen, man. I mean, you can't buy a property right now less than 6% cap rate in the Midwest because I said interest rates and cap rates on the Midwest are six to 7%. And interest rates are six and a quarter or, you know, maybe a little bit more. But I said, with all due respect, if I'm going to pay a five cap or 5.2 two cap or five and a half cap. I can buy something in San Diego in the coast right now for that. So, why would I go into the Midwest when I can go &gt;&gt; Yeah. And right now, &gt;&gt; what's up? &gt;&gt; Right now, sorry. Sorry, Justin. Uh, right now I'm there's I'm looking at a property and the maintenance and repair is 9,000 for them on their T12 is $9,923. Guess how many units it is? 50 50 units. [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's Hey, now that's on that's on a T12 and their OM. &gt;&gt; That's wild. Yeah. So, obviously, you know, you're going to you're going to back into real numbers. Um, yeah, it's you depends on how they classify things and &gt;&gt; and and how they put them in their financials. I mean, the broker should be doing their job. I mean, the other guys on this other property did do their job. They just didn't do enough detail in diving in to extract what's a one-time cost versus what's a recurring cost. And it's important. So, yes, to answer your question, Son, you should be looking because the the biggest items that blow up your P&amp;L statements, right, just so you know, are always going to be these right here. So, it's going to be your taxes and insurance. And then the other ones are probably going to be right in here. These are always the ones you want to pay the closest attention to. So, these are number one and two. These are three and four when you're looking at the numbers in detail. Um, just because th this is going to encompass, you know, a vast majority of your expenses. So, because utilities are what they are, it's very easily trackable, right? And these other things you can fall in line. Contract services, you could probably adjust those and get those down. Um, but taxes, I mean, it is it's going to be what it's going to be. You just need to make sure it's accurate. And insurance, you can get some insurance quotes, but this is important based upon the state in which you're in. But yeah, this is really where you can win or lose it sometimes with your maintenance and repairs and turnover. And no different than I'd mentioned to Michael and and all of you, if you're retaining about 70 to 75% of your tenants each year, which means you only have a turnover of 25 to 30% of your tenants. That by industry standards is considered very good. So, with this in mind, and the average turnover cost, the physical hard cost of turning a unit on average is going to be around 1,500 bucks. So, if I know out of 30 units times 30%, that gets me nine units that are going to turn over on average in a given year times 1,500 bucks. That puts me right at around 14,000 bucks. That's a pretty decent number. to kind of guide you through. So, just when you're sitting there calculating these things, taking some notes here is, you know, look at it. It's 1,500 bucks on average. Sometimes it'll be higher, sometimes it'll be lower, right? But an average across the board, $1,500 to turn that unit. Physical cost you should be calculating in here for turnover. And then you have your normal maintenance and repairs. And so on average, on average, $800 per unit is a good amount. You know, this should be around 700. You see the the red comment here. 7 to 800. This should be opened up. You can see the whole amount. 7 to 800 is a decent amount. So, just to give yourself some guidelines as you're coming through this, okay, just for the future. So, when you're looking at the deal analyzer, that's um and I'll put it up in here right now, too, but it's up in your portals, and it's similar. It's the same one as this, just uh the template, but let me put it up here real quick, and then I'll open it up to some questions. But this um let me share this So this here and I'll zoom up on it a little bit here. So yeah, anywhere you see this, you can scroll over, right? And then these boxes should be bigger for you now. So it'll show everything inside there. Down payment, right? You scroll over this, it's giving you some guidance. Giving you the guidance, so on so forth all the way through these things. So that way as you're going in here and inputting, you'll kind of get some guidance as you're going through how to change these photos out, etc. But coming all the way down through here, right, and using these as a guide all the way through, okay? And this is telling you based on age of property where this should land. So that way at the end of the day, right, you put in all these numbers up, down, left, right, your lump sum, right? It's called the expense ratio. All that's doing is it's taking the total expenses of 149 over this number right here. So that's about 38%. Right? If I if I look at this formula, it's taking it and it's summing it up to get me the expense ratio, which is that blue one there over that red one there. But that should be falling in line on a 1980 or older should be 40 to 50. on a 1980 to 2010 35 to 45 in Michael's case 2011 right in line 2010 or newer should be 30 to 40 it's giving you some guidance when you're going through it then same thing all the way down here it's telling you hey these metrics right when you look at these metrics and you put in all your numbers and you've analyzed it these metrics should fall in line right in here and this will give you guidance and then leaping over to a waterfall. Let's go over to that real quick so you guys fully understand this. When you're coming in here to fill it out, n this is what it's going to be almost every time. You're bringing in 10% of the money. Your investors are bringing in 90% of the money. You're going to keep these whatever your preferred return is. And keep in mind once again, a preferred return is the minimum baseline return that goes to the investors first. Once that's paid, then you go to these profit splits of 7030 or 6040 or 5050 or 8020, whatever your profit split is. But this gets paid first, which is why in both these call it the hurdles, we have it the same 6%. Then, so it's 0% to you, the general partner, 100%'s going to the investors until that's met. then it would split and then it's going to break it all down here. So, it's going to show you all the cash flow coming out and how it's paying all the way down. And you can kind of follow it all the way down and then it's going to give you the amounts down here. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; And for that, so cool. Uh any questions on that? as I'm kind of walking through this. And then the other thing we did too is we added this down here at the bottom. So that way pretty easily if you wanted to, you know, let's say you have an investor that wants to give you 50 grand. Well, you can go ahead and put in their 50 grand, which is an outlay of cash, and then it's going to go ahead and do the calculations for you real quick to show you their cash on cash return and total return and give you their IRRa, their cash on cash, and then their ROI. So that way you can take those numbers and put it into your pitch deck. So that way your investor has an idea of what, you know, their 50,000 would get them or their 100,000 would get them. Does that make sense or did I confuse you? It's okay if I confuse you. &gt;&gt; What's the difference between the hurdle one and two? &gt;&gt; Says the same numbers. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Nothing right now because the only reason this would change is that let's say that hey we're going to give them 6%. And then we're going to go ahead and after 6% we're going to give them another 8%. And then after that it goes 7030. So because it's not changing in this case all of them are going to be pretty standard somewhere in the 6 to 8% range. Just keep them the same because any kind of structure that anyone's doing here is going to be pretty simple which is preferred return first. After that then it's profit splits and that'll do all the math for you. and then it'll bring it down here. So, it's going to give you the math for yourself and then you can come in here and play around with these numbers because on this like pitch deck and what I mean by that is this when you come into the this will open up. So, I said about the pitch deck stuff and the little 25 or 50 grand or 100 grand on the investor depending on um how much they're investing with you. This thing's opening up. So, give me one second. Probably should have opened up the PDF. Would have gone a lot faster. Standby. It's coming. Receiving. Force quit that real quick. Let me go into Justin, just a quick question. Let's open it up. &gt;&gt; The if we if there are two hurdles, the 6% versus 8%. and we're acrewing cash or from the cash flow. When does a 6% when does a hurdle one versus a hurdle two get paid out? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, if the property is producing enough Yeah. If the first of all, typically every quarter. &gt;&gt; So, in your legal documents in all of this stuff, it's going to state that distributions are paid quarterly, presuming there's cash to do so. If there's not cash to do so, then of course you can't pay it. It will acrue. It will acrue. Does that answer your question? &gt;&gt; Yes, it does. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh where is Oh, there we go. &gt;&gt; Um Justin, I have a question here uh related to the previous one. So, who gets the hurdle one versus two? &gt;&gt; Uh it's that's all for the investors, right? Your investors in the deal. That's how that would be um broken down. But aren't they fall into the uh LP category? &gt;&gt; That's correct. That's your investor. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Your your investor is the LP limited partner. That's correct. That's correct. So they're they're the ones that are getting the preferred return because think of it like this. I mean, so you're the guy putting it together, all that stuff. Keep in mind, you are your own LP. So your money, like I said earlier, you're getting the benefit of a limited partner in your own deal. You you are your own investor. You're one of the seven people in the deal. And then additionally, you're going to get a general partnership kind of they call it a promote or tip for doing a great job. &gt;&gt; That is out of the uh the net profit, right? Not the &gt;&gt; that's out of the cash flow, correct? net profit, cash flow, whatever you want to call it. But yes, out of the net proceeds for distribution each quarter, you'll pay the preferred return first, then it goes to the profit splits. &gt;&gt; Then it goes to the profit splits. Does that answer your question? &gt;&gt; Yes. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Okay. The section of the pitch deck, because this is what a pitch deck is. When you come in here, see how it says example of a $100,000 investor? That thing I just showed you here will help you fill that out now. So when you come in here now, it's going to give it to you. So you can just edit these based on what they're doing and it will give you the numbers to uh to input here. Same thing if this if this was 25,000. Same thing. So that way you can give them their projections. So that way an investor can look at this at a snapshot and say sweet. So if I give you 100 grand, this is kind of what it could look like. That's correct. Year by year, step by step, just to give you so your annual. So and this is what I would market. So if people were asking me just to keep it super simple for everybody so they don't get confused when you're talking to anyone and they say what are the projected returns on my money 17 to 20% a year and I'd leave it right there right keep it like an in-n-out menu simpler the better right you don't you let them go through all this detail but the simple math is 17 to 20% a year on your money is the projected returns for you so that's what I make yes that and that does not include your tax benefits. That's just the cash flow and any profits from the deal from like a sale or something like that. But this will it's a good little snapshot for people to look at. &gt;&gt; How's $5,000 like 17 to 20%. &gt;&gt; Let's say that again. &gt;&gt; $5,000 is 17 to 20% on 100k. &gt;&gt; Uh what are you looking at? &gt;&gt; I'm looking at cash flow year one. Uh yeah, when you total it all up, that is correct. When you take all of this money, that is correct. And you &gt;&gt; 17 to 20% on the first year. &gt;&gt; No, no, no, no. Averaged out. It's your annual rate of return. &gt;&gt; It's not on a yearly basis. So if you look at like cash cash, right? Because then you're going to have a refinance event. &gt;&gt; Then you're going to have all of these. So when you take the cash flow plus the profits from the sale, that's where you get the annualized returns. So it's the only way count to refinance or the sale. &gt;&gt; That's where you usually get big pops of cash. That is correct. &gt;&gt; Outside of that, you're getting cash flow, right? You're getting cash flow, &gt;&gt; correct? That's coming out, but your big pops are going to come from a refinance or from a sale. That is correct. But on average, because this kind of shows you, you know, your average cash on cash, right, is going to be right around 8 to 10%. This is just this particular deal, right? but and your preferred return is six. So, it's kind of telling you, hey, your actual cash on cash is around here. But when you take into account your cash plus profits from the sale or proceeds from a refinance event, it's 17 to 20% a year because that's the true amount of the money you're getting. It's not just the cash flow. Because if all we did was cash flow and you never saw appreciation, nobody would ever do real estate, right? And the whole point of buying real estate is so you can improve it. You can make it better. You can increase the value. When you increase the value, you get that by doing the work. That's the whole point. Yeah. But that's so you kind of know in the pitch deck where that goes and and why it's here. Why it's here. Because it's going to come right out of here. You can just come in here and play with these numbers. So that way it's going to give you the cash on cash amounts, their actual dollar figures. So that way you can track it and give people their estimates. So that way if somebody asks you, hey, I'm going to give you, you know, $23,000. I can tell them this is kind of what it's going to look like. These are your projected returns, and that's what it would look like. So because you'll get that a decent amount. Somebody will that's why we kept it real simple with like 25,000 and 100,000. So on your on the pitch deck that you have, you'll see the two examples. I would keep it real simple. So that way, hey, if I'm going to give you 25,000, you see what it looks like. &gt;&gt; And if I'm going to give you different, that's what it looks like. So, um, cool. I know we got into a little bit of detail today and stuff. Um, did did this confuse some of you? Obviously, we'll jump in further, but I want to make sure that I answer any questions and stuff before we finish up here. So, that way you kind of understand where that where all these numbers are coming from and how they're connecting. So, John, uh, Johnny, did that make sense or was that confusing? No, that made sense. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then for uh I think Chase, you're on here. Did that make sense for you, man? &gt;&gt; It did. Appreciate it, Justin. &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. I see David and Kelly and Craig and everybody. So, yeah, I just want to make sure. Um, Sid, how about you, man? Did that make sense? &gt;&gt; Uh, somewhat. I still have to go through a lot of terminology, but, uh, overall it did make sense. I'll have to rewatch the video a little later, but um so far so good. &gt;&gt; Okay, got it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oops. Who did I hear there? &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. I &gt;&gt; Oh, great. &gt;&gt; know how to do not know how to raise my hand. &gt;&gt; It's okay. No, you can chat. So, I just downloaded the the newest version of your analyzer, &gt;&gt; and I went to the waterfall, and I do not see on the bottom the the new piece that you put in there for putting into the um pitch deck. And I'm not sure, &gt;&gt; no, I don't see it. I'm not sure which um analyzer is updated. &gt;&gt; It should be in there. I'm a little uh green on the Excel. So, &gt;&gt; no, that's okay. I I'll double check it when we get off here, but it should all be in there. It was uploaded today. &gt;&gt; No, I don't see either. Um I don't see either. I downloaded today and I don't see that. Um &gt;&gt; Anaka is saying he does see it, but uh we'll go in there. and I don't see either. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, we'll double check it. &gt;&gt; I've got a flag up under the toolbar that says manage workbook links. And when I click it, it pulls up on the side. Cash flow 41410 Juniper Street and Oakill something or other REIA 20 MAC. So, I don't know if those are old versions and it's trying to refresh to them. Yeah, I that's a that's very interesting. I don't know. &gt;&gt; Hey, Justin, one of the things that um that we discovered um Ryan and I when he would make modifications on deal analyzer, send it to me and I'd open it up. It seems like it was if I'm giving it the same name, it was still retaining mild version. And he's telling me, "No, dude. I'm looking at this. I'm going, man, it's not reflected here." So, what we've discovered is if we change give it a different naming convention, then it's a it's not a problem. So, I don't know that that's what's happening, but we did we we ran into that. So, I'm just going to serve that up just as as a a thing. You might want to just give it a different name or give the existing one &gt;&gt; a different name. And uh like I usually take that and I just put the date afterwards, you know, so that way u otherwise, you know, it's easy to get tripped up. You can do versioning. You can just start adding a V1, V2, V3 on the end, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But I I find a date is easier because well, anyway, it doesn't matter. However, however you want to do it, but yes. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'll lo I'll log in there when we get off here just to double check to make sure it is the most updated one. If we need to send it separately, Craig, for whatever reason, if the download's messing something up or I don't know, but we'll send it directly. &gt;&gt; I think there's I think there's several different ones in throughout the portal, too. like, &gt;&gt; well, yeah, we removed all of them and reset everything and that literally just happened today. &gt;&gt; So, I'll in &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. We We'll double check it to make sure it's accurate. So, um Okay, cool. Beautiful. Well, I hope this was helpful and I'm kind of going through kind of the little nuance things when you're looking at the financials on these deals. You kind of know the big ones, right? taxes, insurance, repairs and maintenance and that turnover. Those are the big chunks that tend to be a little wonky sometimes and you got to dig in to make sure they're accurate because they could drastically change how that deal looks. So, it's just to pay attention to those things as you're going through it. So, uh, Ch &gt;&gt; does the the earnest money and the the inspection cost and these things, are they included in the 10% that I'm going to be putting down or is it considered part of the closing cost that we're raising? &gt;&gt; It's to Yeah, it's correct. It's it's part of the total money in the deal. So, if you are front, let's say you're fronting that, right, as you're going into it, that's going to be part of your 10%. That is correct. 10% equity doesn't need to be like the equity that I'm putting down part of the 30% in the deal itself. &gt;&gt; No, because if you look at for example um kind of show you look at this total equity right that's here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Click on that number you see that it includes your closing cost which includes your inspections. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. So if you're if you're if you're coming out of that and you're bringing in 10% of that, that's inclusive of that. &gt;&gt; Sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're welcome. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Everybody have a great evening and we will see you on Thursday if you're available. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Justin. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much. You bet. &gt;&gt; Thank you.