Hello, hello, hello. Come on in everybody. Happy Tuesday. We'll get everybody on in here just a few moments. Good to see you. Allan, Samira, good to see you. Uh, what's the latest Samir in Vegas? Hold off. Is it a win or not a win? &gt;&gt; Hello. Hello. It is still in waiting. Waiting. We are waiting. I we extend escrow again for next uh 10 days. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because um as you know that um they found some issues and the lender um the appraisal send those issues. So lender asked for the repair by code. So um I'm not sure that it is just because of the FHA loan or all the other loans is same situation same process but um so the it those issues that I sent you these are not big issues at all but um they just need to repair that and um first um the agent to told me that the seller agent ask us to pay for the repair, ask buyer to pay because they believe that they already gave us enough uh credit &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; and I just told them that what amount you are talking about just go and see that what's the estimate amount that they I don't want to fight for something just couple hundred so just first of all find out that and also this is not my property yet. So, I cannot touch it until uh we close the deal. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, that's that's correct. So, they can do that, but that's okay. Well, yeah, keep us posted on that. It's good good to hear that at least it's &gt;&gt; you negotiable and you're working through that scenario. So, and I mean the good news is we have Hannah on this evening and she does capital. &gt;&gt; Hi everyone. &gt;&gt; Um so, we'll be getting that in just a minute. So, um yeah, welcome on in. I'll let everybody kind of come on in here for a second. So, before we get going, any kind of quick wins for the week? Any LOIs that you guys have sent out that uh we need to chat about real quickly? Uh any major losses we should chat about, too. Got to talk about the losses with the wins. Um chat about that real quick. H, good to see you. Uh Michael, how are you doing, sir? How's Indiana? Uh, going well. How are you? &gt;&gt; Good. Is it Is it warming up yet? Are you guys still freezing? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're getting closer to the 70s now, so it's it's coming up. Uh, it's raining for the next three or four days, but it's better than snow, so I'll take it, I guess. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. Um, I love it. Uh, anybody else want to quick little wins and stuff before we get going? &gt;&gt; So, at what point &gt;&gt; Go ahead. &gt;&gt; I I'm at the point where I'm like almost frustrated. It's like I can't seem to get a deal. It's It's kind of like I look like you want to push it to make it work. You know what I mean? And even though it probably doesn't quite work. &gt;&gt; Is it the Is it the financial Yeah. Is it the financial side of it or is it the the brokers or &gt;&gt; Well, a little bit of both, but more financial side. Just &gt;&gt; hold on. Let me uh mute real quick. &gt;&gt; I hear some some muted folks. There we go. Yeah. Go ahead, John. So, you're saying it's a combination of the broke versus the financials? &gt;&gt; It just it just seemed like I you know, you think you got these and it works and then I just it just I can't get over that hump and actually get one purchased or get to that point. It just at some points just kind of just eating at me a little bit and I'm just trying to stay with it obviously, but it's just starting to drive me a little bit crazy. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, yeah, let's chat about that. We can even set up a separate call for that to kind of see what we got to do to get some stuff across the finish line. So, yeah, that's &gt;&gt; sounds good. Yeah. I just, you know, it's one of those things. I know it's a numbers game. Eventually, it'll happen, but I just I just I don't know. I'm just chomping at the bit, I guess. &gt;&gt; Are you are you losing out on deals to others or is it um you can't get them to pencil? &gt;&gt; A lot of penciling. I mean, I've had quite a few offmarkets that don't even pencil. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Are you are you writing yellow eyes or are you just trying to or they don't make sense? You're not writing at all. &gt;&gt; Uh 5050. So, really far off, I'm not writing them. If I'm $400 $500,000, you know, whatever the number is below, I'm not really writing them. Um I guess I guess I'm scared about being that lowball guy where the broker doesn't want to talk to me, &gt;&gt; you know. I mean, &gt;&gt; and we've talked about how you handle this, right? Because we all know that the brokers love to fluff up their OM and they look great and that's just what they do. And your job is not to do that. is to underwrite the deal and work from the beginning to the end to work back into metrics that are going to make sense for you and investors. So with that in mind, I always tell you write the offers, but if you want to stay professional about it so that way you don't come across as that guy, right? Is you write the offer and then literally after you send the LOI over to the broker and you talk to them, you send them a text and you say, "Hey, John, broker, I just sent you an LOI on such and such property. It's aggressive, but I'm going off the numbers that I have. I'd love to chat with you a little bit more about it." because that's now going to amplify them. Want them to kind of probably deal with you, build a little rapport because it may not even be about that deal as you know, right? &gt;&gt; It's all about the deals behind the corner because for every single deal on KRExy, I mean, I've told you guys a million times and you know this, Krexy is not for finding deals. Loopnet is not for finding deals. It's for finding brokers because all the deals online, they stink. You know that it represents maybe 20% of the market because 90%, you know, 80% of the market is in the pre-market phase, right? It's right before the websites and that's where most the stuff is getting done. &gt;&gt; So that's where you got to get but you got to use that as a lure to get in and talk to the brokers because that's going to build rapport with them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I always I always love it when the brokers try and tell me I'm wrong in my underwriting &gt;&gt; because then I'll spin it on them and I'll show them the numbers and they're like, "Well, yeah, you're kind of right. I probably should have considered that." I had a broker tell me that I talked to a couple day or well last week and he says I'm getting a lot of people that send in full price LOIs just to get their nose in the door and get get it get it close to you know so they can talk and then negotiate from there instead of figuring out the numbers ahead of time is what he how he explained it to me and &gt;&gt; oh you're saying that they just they just shoot out numbers and then &gt;&gt; they just shoot out a full price one just to start talking. &gt;&gt; Got it. Got it. Yeah, that's not uncommon. So, all right. Well, I want to go ahead and get started with Hannah and Adam. They're our guests tonight. They're here. So, I'll kind of let them take it away a little bit, introduce themselves, but Hannah and Adam, they run Hannah Capital. Uh they're out of what? Scottsdale. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. A HB Capital. I couldn't be bold enough to just call it straight Hannah Capital over here. But, uh yeah, HB Capital isn't far off. It's my uh middle initial and my first initial, but uh that's where we're based out I'm based out of Scottsdale, Arizona, but we're a national firm. So, Adam's in Oregon on the Oregon coast and um he's been a a commercial mortgage broker for what are you going on 11 years now? &gt;&gt; 11 years. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Awesome. And a lot uh in the multif family space specifically. &gt;&gt; Okay. Perfect. Yeah. I think everybody's more interested in the fish behind you, Adam. &gt;&gt; It's a great conversation piece, right? Uh it's a labor of lovedrop. You know who &gt;&gt; Thank you. Yeah, that's real. Um, yeah, it's if anyone's ever done a reef aquarium before, it's it's a lot of lot of effort, &gt;&gt; but I can't go I can't go back now. &gt;&gt; Do you have a company? Anybody come over to clean it or you do it yourself? &gt;&gt; There's 7,000 people in my town, so I do it myself. &gt;&gt; There we go. &gt;&gt; That's fair. That's fair. &gt;&gt; And one of them is my mom. She's like neighbors with Adam, which is so ironic and strange. Such a &gt;&gt; There we go. I like that. It's a family affair. &gt;&gt; Exactly. But yeah, uh anyway, yeah, so thanks for having us here today, Brendan or Justin and excited to meet you all. Justin's created a really awesome community and uh we're going to dive in. We'll dive we'll go pretty quick through the presentation. If you have a question pop up, you want to stop me, feel free. If I'm going too fast, shut me up. I'm happy to slow down. I do talk fast. Um but I will provide you with this presentation as well afterwards. So, if you want to kind of dive into the numbers, I don't want to dive into everything so specifically, but more of the goal is what is the state of the capital markets? Where are we at today? Uh what is multif family looking like as far as rents and vacancies and lending? Uh what is the underwriting criteria and what is the borrower requirements like? What are lenders going to look for from you in order to underwrite an asset and underwrite you as a borrower in order to get a loan on financing? What are some of those terms going to look like? the different loan products for multifamily and then we will wrap it up and we'll make sure to put our contact there. So, if you ever want to dive in more, if you have a loan a property that you're looking at, usually you engage with us once you're under LOI uh or contract, but we're happy to help out in in any way we can too if you want to run something by us and have some questions on the front end too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And kind of before you jump in there, so I Hannah and then they're in the back end for all of you now. So, in the vendors and systems area of your portal, you'll have them listed there as a capital partner for the financing side. Do you handle equity, too, or just the debt? &gt;&gt; We are a debt and equity capital firm, but I'm going to be fully blatantly transparent. Equity is very hard right now. So, uh we &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; you may have heard. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you may have heard. So, we're, you know, we're we're mostly debt right now. We do uh we do take on equity mandates for larger institutional type quality deals, but we're not out there going out to, you know, my social media platform to try to get 100 grand from a follower. So, yeah, uh we're not broker dealers, so we're not in that space, but yeah, if it is an institutional type quality deal, that would be a good fit for a family office or something like that. Um sometimes we will take on those mandates, but those are still really hard to get across the finish line right now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, makes sense. And then would you say that your your you know you can do all types of debt but the main primary at least from what I was chatting with you and Adam is kind of your your platform for credit unions, local commercial banks within a region. Would you say that's a forte of yours or just a piece of the puzzle? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so what we're really good at is I come from an engineering background and robotics and AI and so I love tech and I got into real estate right at 18 years old. came from nothing, no income, no family background uh in real estate or anything like that. I literally got into it because I read Rich Dad Poor Dad like I'm sure many of you all did and he's now a very dear uh friend of mine in real life. &gt;&gt; Oh, I know. So, I need Sorry, I don't mean to interrupt you because this is very important for everybody to understand. So, Robert Kiyosaki is like he's like your mentor now, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I see him every week. So, he's amazing. Um it was it's crazy what the universe will bring to you when you're prepared and ready for it. He I didn't know he lived six minutes away from me and was in my uh town and we get along amazingly and he's pushed me to speak and launch my podcast and do all these things. So, he's very very near and dear to my heart and really helped me build a life of freedom and go from a depressed, miserable, anxious, broke uh lost child pretty much to a very successful and happy and fulfilled and abundant uh leader and and investor. And so I'm really passionate about sharing that with other people. Um, I didn't go to finance school. I got my real estate license. I went to engineering school and uh worked in corporate America and but I always found I was making more money selling real estate on the side than I was making as an engineer uh working my tail off. And so I just became very passionate about real estate and the abundance that it was bringing me and the p the financial freedom that it was building over time and the ability to add value into assets and have somebody else pay my debt and somebody else buy the property for the most part. and um it it uh became a huge passion of mine and so I went full force into real estate when I started my real estate brokerage and started private lending in 2020 and then launched HB Capital more recently um in 2024 is when I uh launched HB Capital after I wrapped up my private lending with my own money. So that's kind of the transition of what got us here today. And I do run a podcast called the Hannah Hammond Show. We interview a lot of our clients on the show, uh, large fund managers, syndicators, and then just a bunch of really incredible entrepreneurs and different experts and and you know, it's all about reaching our highest potential in business and in life. So, we're definitely focused heavily on business and investing in real estate, but we also talk about the inner work, the abundance, the healing, the energy, the love, like all the things that it really takes to ultimately be successful in your business. Um, so yeah, check it out. We're on all channels, YouTube, Instagram, Spotify, Apple, all the things. So &gt;&gt; there we go. There you got the two the two seconds right there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So they took it away. This is great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I was going to say to answer your previous question too, yeah, we we do focus heavily on regional and local community banks and credit unions, you know, especially for smaller deals. Let's say like 10 million or less. Those are really really strong players right now. We're also a direct agency lender um that we've teamed up with a with a bank and uh you know for the right deal agency that may make the most sense you they're going to get some of the most aggressive pricing as well as interestonly periods but Hannah can touch into that when we get into this presentation. &gt;&gt; Yeah, sorry Justin I didn't even answer your question. &gt;&gt; That's all right. Everybody wants to learn about you too Hannah. &gt;&gt; What what my point was is uh AI robotics engineering those types of things. We have a really cool lender matching platform. So, it allows us to truly shop all of the different capital partners on the market, all the different lenders out there without necessarily blasting it to 10,000 different lenders. But we do have about 10,000 different lenders in our database. And so, as Adam was saying, we have local banks, regional banks, national banks, credit union, CNBS, Fanny Freddy, um some life insurance companies, and pretty much debt funds, everything in between. So, we really aim to be the one-stop capital solution for real estate investors and developers across the country. So, you guys can really focus on what's most important, your highest leverage activities, which is finding your deals, underwriting, managing your projects, you know, uh, leasing up, dispo, all those things, and not having to worry so much about trying to go build 10,000 different relationships with all these lenders across the entire country that all have different underwriting criteria. Um, and that's changing all the time. So, we have that tech. We have the team that has built the relationships over many, many, many decades of their careers. Um, we all collaborate as a team and that allows us to really see what's out there, negotiate on your behalf between lenders, put together sideby-side, you know, quote sheet comparisons and do all that leg work on the back end. And, uh, you know, we're generally structured between a 1 to 2% um, advisory fee that's due upon loan closing. And we aim to uh, you know, if it's a super middle of the fairway deal, usually it's 1%. And if it's something super hairy or tricky or, you know, been shopped to a million places and a lot of work or some different variables there if it's a lower end deal, um it might push up a little bit more than that 1%. Um, but we aim for you to earn that back times tenfold through your time savings, through getting better, more competitive quotes, um, getting better terms, and really having that fiduciary on your side to make sure that you're not getting screwed in the loan docks and, uh, that we that the loan's actually going to get closed and you're not going to get retraded and all of these things. Uh, of course we don't have full control over all of that, but because we have relationships with these lenders and talk to them on a daily basis, we have more trust and that ability to push things forward and make sure everything goes very smooth because financing is uh, you know, can be a nightmare if you're trying to handle it all and navigate it all on your own. And so, we just aim to make that super seamless and be a really trusted partner for you. &gt;&gt; Very cool. Appreciate it. All right, I'll let you get going. &gt;&gt; All right, &gt;&gt; it should let you share. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Can you see my screen? should be coming up here in just a moment. Not yet. &gt;&gt; It says one. Let's see here. Desktop. How about now? &gt;&gt; Okay, perfect. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; All right. So, we'll do a quick market snapshot. We'll go over required documents that are common for the lenders to request for your loan package. Uh we'll talk about a few different loan products for multifamily, rates and leverage, LTVs, down payment expectations, timeline to close for different loan product types, and then borrower requirements uh from your personal experience level, liquidity, and net worth thresholds, and then uh we will wrap it up. So just a state of the union where we're at as of January 2026. We have 165.5 billion in investment volume in the multif family markets which is up 9% year-over-year from 2025. Average cap rate is 5.7% which still is amongst the tightest of all the CR asset classes. uh occupancy is about 94.5% as of December. And average asking rent is $1,741 a month, which is barely up year-over-year, but we're really saying it's it's flat year-over-year. We have some markets where it's been dropping um and some markets where it's been stable or slowly growing. So big thing to note here, we do have a massive overupp of multif family right now because so many units were delivered in 2024 and 2025 in that huge boom that we all experienced. Now construction starts are way down and so as this supply gets absorbed, multif family is still a strong asset class. Fanny and Freddy still loves it tremendously. Right now there's a lot of pain and a little bit of blood in the water um in this this asset class. However, because construction starts are so low with rising construction costs, people being upside down, interest rates remaining elevated, all of these factors, tariffs, um things like that, we are expecting or they are expecting that because the construction starts are now lower, uh starts are down 74% from their peak levels in 2021. So once that inventory gets absorbed, we will probably, you know, it's the cycle happens every time. It we'll probably have a shortage again in the future and uh then that there's going to be a big boom again. So that's kind of where we're at. And uh completions are projected to drop another 24% in 2026. So only 450,000 units are expected to be delivered in 2026 nationally. And this contraction is what is setting the stage for growth come later 2026 and 2027. We don't know exactly how long it's going to take for this inventory to get absorbed and all the geopolitical things happening in the market. Um but ultimately we do see that construction starts are down. Rent growth. So some of the markets, it's so funny because everybody was saying like, oh, invest in the sunb belt, avoid the rust belt. Like lenders like the sun belt, they don't like the rust belt. Well, of course, that created a lot of supply in the sunb belt and not a lot of supply in the rust belt. So the rust belt is actually growing in rent growth. So that your Chicago, New York, San Francisco, Twin Cities, Kansas City, um those aren't rust belt, but those areas are seeing rent growth. And then the markets that are really dropping, uh my market, Phoenix, you know, rents are dropping high concessions here. Austin, it got absolutely slammed. Denver, Tampa, Vegas, pretty much all of the Sunb Belt is in a pretty overs supplied uh circumstance right now. Total absorption for Austin was 7 and a half%, Charlotte 7.4, Raleigh 6%, Nashville 5.6, and Phoenix um 5.3. So yeah, key insight, Midwest and coastal markets are leading rent growth. Sunb Belt markets are absorbing their over supply and expected to rebalance late in this year. &gt;&gt; Sooner rather than later. &gt;&gt; I know. I know. It's been a it's been a long few years for us real estate people I think I mean really for every everyone but uh yeah definitely in real estate so where the opportunity is uh so class A rent growth is actually down by 0.1% and we are seeing higher vacancy in class A I think just because affordability is an issue and people are pretty strapped you know credit card uh uh debt is high and we're all kind of feeling that so affordable housing is doing better uh more B and C-class multif family we're seeing a little bit of rent growth but still not much. Uh but these are holding higher occupancies. Workforce housing is the play in 2026. This is one opinion from data. So national rents are up 25% since 2020 and affordability is at multi-deade lows which is pushing that demand into more B and C uh class assets and uh you know kind of out of the major cities as well. Class A facing over supply. BNC inventory is limited with minimal new construction and workforce housing loans are excluded from GSSE volume caps here. Um more availability and con uh competitive pricing there and wages rising faster than rents in this segment, stable tenency and strong collections. So I'm pretty uh long on affordable housing. I know a lot of our clients are too. it's an issue and it's projected to continue to be an issue for for a while the foreseeable future. So documents required by lenders. So this is going to vary deal by deal. Every deal is a little bit different. Um you know but it depends on are we going with a debt fund? Are we Fanny Freddy? Are we CNBS? Are we bank? And so this is always going to be unique and this is why the adviser that you're working with, they'll analyze the deal, underwrite the deal, know kind of which lenders or which loan product we're going to go with and work with you to figure that out. And then they'll be able to send you um like Adam would send you a needs list after he talks to you about the deal. And he'll say, "Hey, provide, you know, your trailing 12, uh your current rent roll, your your photos and condition report, operating statements, two to three years generally, and and year-to- date, uh environmental reports, tax bills, insurance declarations. These are just an example of some things you can expect. And again, it may vary on a a deal-by-deal basis. And then if you're doing construction, you know, you're going to need a like budget, proforma, sources and uses, uh, you know, your models in Excel and all of that as well. Um, and then on the borrower side, we're going to request a personal financial statement. generally three years of personal tax returns, your business tax returns, your schedule of real estate owned, uh your entity documents, articles of organization and your operating agreement, your bank or brokerage statements, and a resume resume of your real estate experience. So, we ultimately put our write up together. We want to be able to show the bank or the debt fund or whoever is doing the loan that they can count on you. You're experienced. You know what you're doing. You're qualified. You have cash. you you're going to make the payments and ultimately that they're not going to have to take the property back. And so we want to put together a really nice story. And the more information you can provide and the stronger you are financially, the, you know, the better the rate you're going to get, probably the higher the LTV you're going to get and the more um you're just going to get better terms. And so this is where it can get a little bit of a struggle if you're brand new into investing because it's kind of like the chicken and the egg. It's hard to, you know, get experience if you can't get a loan uh on your first deal and those types of things. So sometimes we see newer sponsors bring in an experienced partner or a credit partner. So if you don't have &gt;&gt; I was going to ask you sorry to interrupt you Hannah um because yeah what we allow a lot of our mentees to do and part of the process when they come in and go through the road map with us &gt;&gt; is you know we're setting up so that way they're officially official. So they get their LLC, their holding company, they're getting uh their own investor website. They have their CRM. I mean, they have their logos. I mean, they're a business of business. We're they have their personal financial statements. We're setting all this logistical stuff up in the back end. And then we're also letting them leverage our background as well as their strategic partner going into deals. What would you recommend, right? Because you do have that and that's why we always get people to start a little smaller, right? 10 to 30 units and stay in a smaller space that's more mom and pop. So that way it's makes sense to a lender, makes sense to investors, it makes sense to um the brokers, everybody involved that why someone who maybe has had single family rental experience or fix and flips or other types of real estate experience and now the next, you know, stage is of course a 10 unit, 20 unit, 30 unit, &gt;&gt; obviously they got to get there like you said, chicken before the egg, &gt;&gt; right? Yeah. And I agree. I think that's the path of least resistance is doing that starting in residential and then going to four unit and then going up to, you know, eight or 10 unit and then getting bigger and bigger. Um, and that's a great approach. It's not the only approach though. You know, if you find a deal and it's a really slam dunk deal and you know an operator that has the experience, has the balance sheet and you're like, "Hey, give me a piece of this deal. I'll be a co a general partner with you." you have a bigger chunk of the deal and you're working for the experience. And so that is a way to get in and just get into the big leagues quicker if you do want to jump in and and you like I was just on a podcast yesterday. He's like my first deal I we did a 7525 split. He got 75%. He's like I would have done it for free, right? Because it got me the experience and I was a partner on the deal and I had to prove my worth and it earned his trust and he invested capital with me for the next 30 years or whatever. So um that's a way to do it. I like I kind of just jumped right into commercial real estate. I kind of skipped the whole, you know, start slow thing um and and leaned on on that type of strategy. So, I just encourage people, you know, if you are excited about doing the bigger stuff and you are able to find like a really amazing deal, he who has the deal has a quite a bit of control in what they're able to negotiate and if you're willing to not be greedy and actually prove your worth and make a big win for a more experienced underwriter. Um, one of our clients that Adam finances all of his deals for, uh, you know, made $10 million from living on a couch at his friend's house because he was broke in 2008 and did that exact thing with source deals for a big mult uh, mobile home park operator and that he met at a conference. He just like looked up who were the big operators and he negotiated equity in those deals and built up his massive track record and experience and he never bought a small deal, not one time. So, got it. &gt;&gt; Um, so yeah, that's just another opportunity. But yeah, if you're trying to do it all on your own without a partner and go buy a 300 unit apartment complex after you did a fix and flip, it's never going to happen. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. Yeah. Totally. &gt;&gt; I'd say one other thing I'd say is if if you're just kind of getting your feet wet and you've done a couple duplexes or triplexes or something like that, you're looking to step up, one thing that would is is something you could do a big favor for yourself is try to find something more local to you. Um, I know obviously you're if you're partnering with a really experienced firm that changes that equation, but you know, as long if you can find something even in state that that makes it a lot easier for lenders to get their heads around and be like, "Okay, they've only done some smaller stuff, but they're in this market or in their state, that that really takes out a lot of the barriers." &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Yep. Booths on the ground, that local feel. And projects just generally don't go as bad. You know, projects are more likely to go bad if it's out of state. from where you are, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's why Yeah. I mean, there's tons of things that we do to prevent that upfront and when they're going through their road map of the market setup, you know, there's there's things that you do no different than I did when our first deal was in Kansas City, Missouri, a 27 unit &gt;&gt; and that was our first I call it apartment complex. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And uh but that there's a process for it. So cool. Yeah. Thanks for sharing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. And it's just nice when you do bigger deals, you know, the numbers get a little bit easier to pencil because your management fees go down because now you can hire an employee instead of, you know, paying 10% or 5% to a property manager and those types of things. Um, so, you know, I I think once you can get into that bigger world, but you also you don't want to like risk everything and go bankrupt because you take this big project on and you just don't have the experience and you're in over your skis either. So, it's definitely that balancing act. &gt;&gt; Sure. All right. So, these are some common uh these are basically all of your loan options when you're buying multif family. So, you're going to have Fanny and Freddy and then another option is CNBS banks, community banks or regional banks, credit unions, HUD or FHA, life codes or bridge loans. So, these are just some rate range LTV, minax, term, recourse, amateurization. There's so many lenders out there, you know, these fluctuate. so much and rates are changing constantly. Um, but Fanny and Freddy, you're 5.18 to 6.5, 80% LTV max. Uh, you know, 70 750,000 kind of as a minimum. Five Fanny May is going to be 5 to 30year loans. Brady's going to be 5 to 10 year loans. Both of these are generally non-reourse and you're going to have 30-year amateurizations. CMBBS um 6 and a half to 7 and a half% 75% max LTV 2 million minimum 57 or 10-year terms also non-reourse 30-year amateurization sometimes these are 25 year too right Adam on CNBS your &gt;&gt; yeah CNBS and you also depending on the leverage interest only is a big part of CNBS &gt;&gt; yeah but CNBS are just fair warning you know you're uh usually We're seeing leverage a little bit lighter on CNBS, right? We're kind of seeing leverage a little bit lighter on uh many many things right now, but CNBS is very strict. So, if you get into a buying like we have a handful of clients right now that are in default on CNBS, the CMS just doesn't work with you. Like, it's very hard. It's very rigid. And so, they're really good rates and long terms and non-reourse and all those things. But, it can be difficult to work with them when you do get into buying them versus a local bank. they're relationship based. They're going to be easier to try to negotiate and have a little bit more flexibility, whereas some of these, you know, CNBS is just kind of going to be like, you know, &gt;&gt; I'd also add that CNBS is not for the faint of heart and if you have not a lot of experience in in in obtaining loans. It's it's a really challenging process. You will need an attorney and those fees can kind of really rack up. So, you know, you they do have a $2 million minimum, but I mean, at the end of the day, you you might end up spending 50 grand to get the loan just in like, you know, attorney fees and fees to the CNBS lender. So, that is a challenging process. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh and yeah, so then you have your your banks. We generally work with more local banks versus the big national banks. Like we don't really do a you know, we're going to work with a local bank versus uh JP Morgan. Generally, they're easier to work with. they're better rates and terms and they're more relationship based and if you give them a nice deposit sometimes you can get your rate down lower and things like that because they want to build that relationship with you um and they're just easier to negotiate with. But these are going to be 5 to 10 year terms 5 1/2 to 7 1/2% or 7.25% interest. Most of the bank loans we're doing right now are in the uh low to mid sixes generally and these will generally go smaller on the loan amounts uh 5 to 10 year terms. These generally are recourse. Sometimes if it's construction, it'll be a carveout upon certificate of occupancy. And these can be 25 to 30-year amortization. Same with credit unions. Pretty similar to banks. They'll even go lower on the uh loan amounts. And also credit unions are usually even more competitive sometimes on the rate and also usually recourse. HUD, FHA. These are super low rate ranges. 85% LTV and 35 to 40year loans, nonreourse, 35 to 40 year amateurization. These are very difficult to get, right, Adam? Uh, &gt;&gt; yeah, it's you're that's another process. You're going to need an attorney. Um, in in the HUD FHA bucket, I'd also throw in USDA. If you guys are looking at more rural type properties, USDA is perfect for that. They've got a whole loan program set up um to service smaller communities. But yeah, very again very challenging. Um a lot of paperwork and attorneys are likely needed. &gt;&gt; Yep. Life codes are good options. 5.2 3 to six and a half. These are generally going to be a little bit lower leverage. If you can do lower leverage, life codes are are good options. Uh little bit bigger of loans. 7 to 25 year terms non-reourse 30 year amortization. And then your bridge loans. This is going to be really for your distressed assets. you find that really good deal, you need a lender to take it down. It maybe has high vacancy, needs a lot of construction or uh capex into it. And so this is going to vary on recourse or non-reourse. Then this will also vary on interest only or amortization, but very often they're interest only. Like we what did we fund that $26 million loan? That was uh what was the term and rate on that that we just closed, Adam? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that so that that was a bridge loan. So that was a 9% rate which was pretty competitive for that space. Um it was on an industrial building but yeah and that was full-term interest only. So that was 18 months of interest only &gt;&gt; and that was a 150,000 foot single tenant industrial vacant. So that's kind of a product you could see on a distressed type asset. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Basically, that's some something that's not taking care of itself &gt;&gt; in the financials that you need to bridge, hence the term &gt;&gt; bridge the gap to get it to stabilization and then you can refinance it into one of these other products that may be more suitable at a better interest rate. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And you know, people will be like, "Oh, I don't want to pay 9 10 11 12% in a couple points. It's so expensive." Like, yeah, but if you're able to get a deal at 30% below value because you have quick money, it's expensive to not get the bridge loan, right? because obviously a bank's not going to fund it. So, it's actually, in my opinion, pretty cheap money for the amount of risk that the lender's taking on in that. And there's so many debt funds out there now that love taking on that risk and, uh, because they actually don't mind if they have to take the asset back or something like that. So, um, or they just believe in the asset and they believe in the sponsor and they trust that they're going to get refinanced out. So, &gt;&gt; it's nice to have lots of options. Go ahead. And I I'd also say through bridge too, one of the other places it comes into into into really really good use is that if you have a a property that's underperforming, maybe rents are just below market. A lot of times you'll have older sellers that just maybe didn't keep good records and they're just not really interested in increasing rents or managing the property. Bridge lenders are really really great for that. If you just need a bridge to time, meaning you just need bridge to to give yourself some time to increase rents and maybe develop like a really strong trailing 12 um that you could then take it to a traditional lender for refinance. &gt;&gt; Got it. Perfect. &gt;&gt; Any questions on this one before we move on? No, I would say that most of the loan products that everybody in the community would be mostly using is going to be your bridge, your bank community, maybe Fanny May at that 750 loan amount or greater, but that's you agency obviously have a have super stabilized asset and if you don't have a long track record, that's going to be a problem for Fanny May. So, your best best your best are going to be the local banks, community banks, credit unions perhaps, and the bridge. I mean, those are the three products that most of these deals will probably be financed out of. &gt;&gt; Yep. And that's what we do mostly of in uh in multif family. Yeah. Because you're Fanny Freddy, you're usually pretty pretty big sponsors that have some serious assets that they're holding. So, &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, speaking of Fanny and Freddy, uh so 176 billion is the combined 2026 GSSE lending caps for Fanny and Freddy. $88 billion each, which is actually up 20% from 2025. So, that's good. Fanny Freddy is doing more loans and upped their lending caps. Uh 90 billion for multif family debt maturing in 2026. So, at the same time, we got a lot of lot of multif family debt that's maturing and a lot of this debt was originated at sub 5% rates. So, with rates being higher than that, of course, it's causing a lot of distress out there in the markets. And some of the really savvy sponsors that I know, you know, have been kind of like Ken Mroy. He's a friend of mine. Um he he has a podcast, wrote all those books. He invests Robert Kiosaki uh with Robert Kasaki. And uh he he was literally sitting on the sidelines for two years and now he just bought 500 million of multif family in the past like three months. So he's pouncing on all this uh distress opportunity that uh just can't refinance. you know, you either got to do capital calls and the investors don't want to put more money in the deal and you can't refinance and rents didn't appreciate and your vacancy went up, then unfortunately it's pretty easy for these deals to get upside down, which is what we're seeing. So, the good side of that is if you're on the other side and you're not caught with a deal that's going to take you down for this cycle, then you get to come in and take advantage of those opportunities. and there's lots of lenders, lots of money on the sidelines that understands the cycles and they're ready to support you and jump in and ride the wave back up and you can like these are great assets. Nothing's wrong with the assets. It's just the capital stack unfortunately failed with what's going on in the economy and they're just not able to refinance. So, it's a good opportunity to be able to build those relationships with banks. Uh, you know, try to find these distress deals. Again, they're not getting posted on Loopnet. uh we're not in that big of a crisis where deals are just popping up on auction.com left and right. But if you have these relationships with banks and um operators or note holders or lenders, you know, any of those types of relationships where they can call you to where you can buy the note or take that property over and ride that wave back up, uh then it's a great opportunity. &gt;&gt; And we have about 10 10 minutes left hand. I just want to give you a heads up. &gt;&gt; Oh, perfect. Um okay, I think we can Yeah. So I was just Fanny Freddy non-reourse rate lock interest only experience is required typically two plus years owning five plus unit multifamilies waiverss are possible prepayment yield maintenance or defeasance Freddy offers step down options and fully assumable that is something nice with Fanny and Freddy is they are fully assumable uh assumable which is great in rising interest rate environments okay we kind of already covered all of this So, I'm just going to skip past this. Most lenders, one thing to note is the DSCR ratio. They do pay attention to that. So, most lenders will require a 1.2 to 1.35 debt service coverage ratio. Um, agency is typically around 1.25. And uh &gt;&gt; so this is why everybody I have you guys underwrite to 65 70% because I understand they'll go up higher but when you look at the debt coverage ratios and everything based on the property's financials right now as we all see you're going to back into that 65 70% nine times out of 10 right now. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Uh timeline to close banks credit unions 45 to 75 days and Fanny Freddy 60 to 90 Freddy Mack 45 to75 CNBS 60 to 90 HUD FHA forever bridge 21 to 45. Yeah. So &gt;&gt; forever &gt;&gt; CNBS actually and CNBS if you're really motivated and organized they can close in 30 days but again it's expensive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. if you have a fast attorney, which I've never met one of those. &gt;&gt; So, with uh because Kelly and a few others in the community and stuff, I mean, they have sellers trying to say, "Can you close in 21 days?" I'm like, "This is not single family, guys." I said, "You can't get an appraisal done that fast." So, best of luck. So, the answer is no. You need 60 with a 30-day option to extend, &gt;&gt; right? And you know, bridge, we do have bridge lenders that can close in 30 days. Um, and that's a little bit more typical, but yeah, these just these deals, they need they need time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And and if we're talking like a fourunit, sure, we got bridge lenders that can close in 4 days, but if we're talking true multifamily, we need a little time. And right, go ahead. Uh, stand in, you have a question. &gt;&gt; Yes. Uh, Hannah and Adam, thanks for being here. Such a great talk so far. Just on um the the bridge with the Renault holdback. um anything that we should I guess on underwriting you know that's out of the ordinary and and where are you seeing most of those uh say on a 10 to 30 unit type project 10 to 40 unit go these days I guess uh is that more the regional banks and those types if you had a a bridge with a with the Renault um holdback &gt;&gt; so actually on if yeah for for bridge and uh on multif family there's plenty of national players in You know, actually, most of your local community banks and credit unions don't really have a proper bridge program. Some of them do, but generally speaking, they don't. Like, we would typically go to like a debt fund. Uh some of the bigger national banks have bridge platforms. There's there's some lenders out there that are quote unquote like private money lenders that have just dedicated bridge programs. So, that's typically where you you'd find those. And you know, pricing is going to be, let's just call it anywhere from 9 to 12% for your your typical kind of, you know, distressed multif family property that maybe needs a little capex or something like that. And &gt;&gt; same three to five, three, five, sevenyear term. I mean, you're looking refi out of that, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, bridge is is you're going to usually start off with a a 12 to 18 month term, right? And with maybe like a six month, they generally have extension options. Maybe you got to pay them another half point to keep that going. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you want to get out of there as soon as possible. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And they're all almost all of them are going to be two points. Uh, and it's usually 1% in and then 1% out. And then a lot of some of them also may have like a minimum interest requirement. Um, maybe like six months. So they're going to want at the very least collect six months of interest. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you. &gt;&gt; All right. Um, okay. Experience. We'll wrap up here so we can open up for questions, but I'll just go into uh yeah, agency two plus years owning managing five plus units. CNBS is a little bit more flexible, but they do still want to see pretty experienced operators. Banks varies relationship is the most important here. They'll be a little bit more lenient. Um HUD definite substantial experience required and um liquidity agency 9 to 12 months of PNI payments post close. So your principal and uh interest payments CMBBS 6 to 12 months of debt service reserves banks is case by case global cash flow matters liquid assets cash stocks bonds not retirement funds and protip lenders want to see that you can weather vacancy or unexpected capital needs net worth agency bigger than the loan amount is standard CNBS 25 to 50% of loan amount banks will vary combined guarantor net worth can be reviewed HUD substantial net worth required relative to project and key principle KP sponsors can supplement weaker borrowers for agency loans which is kind of what I was talking about earlier with those key principle. Um so yeah just about HP Capital we work with all different asset classes nationwide and we truly want to be the best available capital partner for you and you can email any loan request to capital.com. Also feel free to go to our website any time and you could submit a form fill there we'll see it and then we'll get it into Adam's hands. Um, if Adam's overloaded, we do have other team members as well. Uh, all of which can handle multif family and other assets and and everything we just discussed. And, um, let's see here. And generally, yeah, just if you have an OM, sign the OM, just an executive summary of the deal, what your goal is, what your plan is for the property, um kind of loan request, property address, what the status is if it's under LOI or contract, and that's usually enough for us to just take a look at it, uh make sure it's in the right hands, and then we'll usually schedule a team's meeting just like this, get to know you and the project a little bit deeper, and then we'll follow up with the needs list and start getting our writeups and our package together. And I'd say net worth in that initial email too, I'd say net worth and liquidity. Please include that. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So first question for me, Hannah, because uh often, you know, you'll get the request from a broker right when you're getting to the point of your highest and best or you're maybe they're going to award the deal to you. Whatever it is, they're going to ask, "Hey, how do you have your financing lined up?" And so I've let everybody know. I said, "You can speak with Hannah, speak with anybody getting a soft quote." Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. that can just be out there to kind of give the brokers and everybody an idea that you you've already had somebody look at this thing a little bit giving you a soft quote obviously contingent upon XYZ &gt;&gt; but that way you have something that okay 65% of your money here it is at least soft quote wise and then now it comes down to the equity side of which most people are syndicating the deals where they're bringing in say 10 15% of the equity and then raising the rest through networks that we have in their own um and that usually works so I is how would you handle soft quotes? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so same thing. Just submit a request. If there's an OM or any information you have on the property, we'll take a look at it. I was just doing a pipeline review with one of our team members right before this meeting. And we have this, you know, super fancy, very complicated business calculator where we can kind of go in, look at a deal, um, and run our assumptions based on if we look at the underwriting of it, you know, what's its vacancy? Um, what what type of loan product do we think it's going to be with, etc., etc. Where are rates? where's DSCR going to be for something like this? Um, you know, how much do we need to take off of the NOI depending on the deal? And then we can run that pretty quickly and we'll just kind of let you know like, hey, you're probably going to be 75% max LTV on this one, 6 and a half% interest rate, you know, whatever term. And so that way it's just kind of a soft quote so you can get your LOI together and have a general idea. &gt;&gt; Do you guys put anything on some sort of a letter that's a soft quote or is it all just email based and verbal? We we do get that request a lot and I I'm actually happy to do that as long as I've reviewed like a personal financial statement and an OM and maybe hopefully a T12 on the property. Like I got to make sure that at least makes sense. &gt;&gt; And I I I have found that that does move the needle quite a bit. Like I actually haven't fully vetted the deal with like lenders, but at that point it's a soft quote and I've seen conceptually yes, it should work out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Where it just says, "Hey, we've looked at this from a high level based on XYZ." Of course there's contingencies on that. &gt;&gt; Y and we can give our assessment at 70% blah blah blah blah blah. And &gt;&gt; it's of course contingent upon all these things. So, got it. Okay. Any other questions? Anybody? Don't be shy. I know you're thinking you you got you got Hannah and Adam here now. Christian, Mr. Scott Turner, I see you in here. New to the community. Welcome in, sir. Rock and roll. &gt;&gt; Christian's got a question. Christian. &gt;&gt; Hi Ann Hannah. Adam, thank you for joining us. You had a question on I'm a newbie, very newbie into the multif family investment uh category. H how would you advise to start? I mean I I'm I I joined Justin a couple of weeks ago and I'm just on the capital side. It's very blurry still how everything works and also from a personal perspective. What's your advice on that? How to structure it? How to uh get over that newbie stage? &gt;&gt; I'd say that best way to learn is to and I'm happy to help with this is if you have something that you're like what's your experience level? Do you own any like single family, duplexes, anything like that? at the moment variance in Europe with multi with single family &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; unit but no multif family yet unfortunately but again it's the step to to to start to get experience right &gt;&gt; yeah so I think your your best path forward here is to focus on the smaller assets you know duplexes triplexes things like that because we actually have loan products that are really streamlined and and made for people who are kind of just stepping into that space. So, if you have something that you know, you you say you see a duplex or something uh that you're interested in, if you could send us those numbers and we could run it by some lenders and just that back and forth, you'll get the experience of of seeing like how this is going to work. And that is just for like maybe up to five units. Um there's another set of lenders that open up when you have bigger complexes. Like what are you trying to target? Are you doing DSCRs right now, Adam, on the duplex? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I was going to suggest for him, DSCRs. That's a real easy uh streamline loan experience and and a great way to kind of break into the business. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then one of the things that we do, Adam, as I was mentioning, Christian knows this is, you know, we come in as a strategic partner with them with our resumes behind the scenes to back up a lot of the mentees that if they're looking at a 10 unit, like you said, okay. and maybe they've only had one rental. Uh we as a yeah as a strategic partner with our background and uh I'm yearning to get to Ken Muckaroyy's level. I love that guy. The guy such he's such a legend. I call him he's the quiet Grant Cardone. &gt;&gt; Oh, I know. K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K K Ken's got more money than any of those guys. I'll tell you that much. Um &gt;&gt; he's a very quiet billionaire. But uh yeah, it's unbelievable. &gt;&gt; He's awesome. He he invited me he invited me to a speak at a conference that's coming up. He's like, "Yeah, we'll just take my jet and this and that." I'm like, "Okay, sounds good." Um, but uh yeah. Yeah. Uh it was funny. What was I just going to say on that? But I I was catching up with them uh with Robert at a a commercial real estate party thing a couple months ago, and I was like, "Oh, what's new with you?" He's like, "Well, I just uh merged with some public bre and I uh bought 500 million last month in real estate, and I did this and that." Like totally calm as a cucumber. I was like, "Ah, well, I'm going to go uh bury myself under a bridge now or uh dig a hole and die because I haven't done that kind of those kind of things." But yeah, he's he's very inspirational. If you guys don't follow Ken, you should definitely follow Ken. &gt;&gt; Does everybody know who Ken Maroy is by chance here? &gt;&gt; If you don't, just go to YouTube. It's real quick and easy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Search up Ken Ken Moy. Ken Moy. Uh very well-known guy on YouTube and all over the place. Um, but yeah, he's not as kind of ostentatious as the Grants of the world, but &gt;&gt; he's a legend. The guy's a legend. So, &gt;&gt; so anyway, um, well, awesome. Well, thank you so much, Justin, for having us on and, uh, we look forward to working with all you and any way we could be a resource. Any questions you have, just reach out to that email there and, uh, we're happy to help. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. Yeah. Thanks, Hannah. Thanks, Adam. You guys, all &gt;&gt; their info is in the back end already for you guys. So, if you go in there under the vendors and systems list, you'll see Hannah Capital and HMBB. Sorry, HBM. HMBB. &gt;&gt; HB. HB. &gt;&gt; I want to get it correct for you. &gt;&gt; Hannah Capital. I like it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're in the back end there. Uh, and reach out to them because you can see the specialty is going to be right in this pocket zone of local banks, commercial, community, regional type stuff. Perfect. Credit unions. Obviously, they can do everything, but I think that sweet spot for this 10 to 30 unit pocket that all of you are focused in for your first few deals is perfect for this. So, &gt;&gt; perfect. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Thanks, guys. Have a &gt;&gt; thanks everybody. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; All right, everybody. We'll gohead and finish up there, but I appreciate you guys coming on. Any quick last second questions before we finish up? Uh, Scott, why don't you introd Yeah, introduce yourself real quick, Scott, before we pop off. &gt;&gt; Can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Yes, you can. &gt;&gt; How you doing? My name is Scott. I'm brand new. Probably more brand new than Christian. Got a lot. Yeah, I joined like a week ago. &gt;&gt; So, but I've been just uh &gt;&gt; just kind of just cramming everything because I'm brand new to all of this. But um I I sold my house in San Diego probably like 4 months ago. So now I'm like I'm currently uh well I'm I'm currently staying with my parents right now because my dad he's a he's a realist and he's like he's 65 and he's like well technically if you see me if if the average man lives to be 70 years old if you see me once a year you technically have five five times until you see me till I die. And I was like, well, since you put it like that, I'm gonna sell my house. I'm gonna try to create some more memories and, you know, spend some time with these uh with with my parents. And uh but while I'm in while I'm here doing that, uh I basically got medically retired from the military, so I'm collecting cash here and there and doing internet stuff, too. So, but I'm kind of just sitting here creating memories of my parents and uh while I'm here, I'm like, I might as well start looking for investment properties, you know? And I'm in Texas right now. And I started looking at like what I sold my it was like 1,500 square foot, threebedroom, two bath basic house in in Spring Valley for like 800,000, right? And then I come to &gt;&gt; welcome to San Diego. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. But um yeah, I mean I bought it for like five 500 so and then sold it and then uh came came to Texas and seeing what what I can get for around the same price. It's like mini mansions everywhere. And I'm like, but at the same time, I'm like, I I'll focus on getting something like that after uh I'm kind of set with the multif family thing and money's coming in. And like honestly, I I could live in a freaking cardboard box. Like I was in the military, so I've lived on CS for months. And uh yeah, so I'm Yeah, I'm super excited to have you in here and thank you for being a part of this and &gt;&gt; I have a call with you tomorrow actually. So, uh I look forward to that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you bet. And I've been actually looking for something like this for the longest time. So, uh it's kind of funny how it kind of just like fell into my lap. So, &gt;&gt; the universe works in mysterious ways. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Um so, yeah, with Hannah and Adam, I wanted to bring them in and we'll bring in a few other folks too in different arenas. maybe some property managers, the attorneys, the other stuff. So, we'll be bringing them in as well. Um, but yeah, I think it's it's important because they're looking at it from a lender's lens around the experience side of it, the personal financial statements, all that stuff. That's great. That's what they're supposed to do. &gt;&gt; The workarounds to that, no different than I did when I got started and I'd literally come out of single family with no multif family experience into a 27 unit apartment building, is setting all this stuff up in advance. Right? This is why the road map is so critically important because if you're trying to go into this with little experience, then you leverage us as your strategic partner, but you look the part before you're the part. That's why that's so critically important so they can get a feel for you and say, "Huh, okay. Not a lot of experience, newer, but they got their together. websites, this pitch decks, analyzing, they know how they they got it all together before they're trying to go hit it and they're staying smaller, mom and pop, 10 to 30 units. So, this makes some sense. This is a natural leap from a single family world into a multifamily world. And that's why you do this. Um, and that's why we set up the road map in advance, right? So that's critically important and that's why you'll you'll be able to bypass a lot of the stuff that they had kind of brought up like even with Christian saying go for a four unit. You certainly can. Nothing wrong with that but you can absolutely hit a 10-unit property no problem. Yeah. So awesome everybody. Well, I'll let you guys go and appreciate it. If you have any questions, let us know. Let's get through some of these deals. I know you guys are cranking through a few of them right now and trying to work through. So let's make it happen. Have a good evening. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thanks again. Have a good night.