Hello, hello, hello. Coming on in. How's everybody doing? Happy Thursday. Beautiful. Seeing everybody come in. Good to see you, Bill, Brian, Chad. Multiple chats. We got Chad Chad C and Chad N. Hi. Good to see you, Dean. Helena, good to see you as well. Welcome in. and I'm going to have you introduce yourself. Um or we can do it on Tuesday, too, and we'll actually be more of a um a meeting setting versus a webinar setting. Uh Jaden Jason, great to see you in here, sir. Welcome in as well. Um Mr. John Story, you got home from Charlotte, I take it. Awesome. And then Marco, good to see you and your family in here as well. So, um yeah, I'll have all of you guys actually introduce yourself. I think it'll be better to put a face to a name. So, next Tuesday if you're able to jump on um and if you're not, let me know and I'll have you introduce yourself now to the community. Uh but for yeah, for you for Marco, um Jason, Helena, I believe all you guys have access to the WhatsApp chat, so just put a thumbs up in the chat. Um yeah, we shouldn't have an echo. We should be good on the audio. Um, yep. Should be good. Yeah, it should be good there. Um, but yeah, so you got Jason, you got that access to the WhatsApp chat. Um, and then same thing with you, Marco, if you have that. So that way we can communicate and connect with folks inside the community there. And Helena, same thing. So, let me know if you guys have that WhatsApp chat access. If not, I can make sure you have the link here in um so you're getting in there. Um me put that here so we kind of get started here real quick. Um got that. Got that. So then I'll um I'll make sure that we have standby one second and copy the link. Got it there. I'm just going to stick it in the chat here real quick so you have that just for the WhatsApp just in case. just in case. Um, awesome. So, yeah, we're going to analyze a couple deals here this morning. Um, but if there any wins that anybody want to share over the last week and I'm actually kind of curious uh for those that you know were able to make it into Charlotte. Um, maybe a little thumbs up or what was your experience and anything else that could have been better. We always like to improve. Um, and then we have the next one in Dallas, Texas. So, that's coming up here in July and we'll get that stuff out to all of you uh for that in Dallas, Texas for our next live event. So, Marco says, "Hey, what's up everybody? Good to see you." Um but yeah, we'd love to know kind of your feedback and stuff on that from the Charlotte event. Um if you weren't able to make it out, we missed you and for the next one for sure. Um but yeah, everybody came in Sunday, Monday. Uh we were touring a few deals, meeting with um brokers, couple property managers, had some networking, happy hours, all that stuff. Um couple people dancing on the bar tops. I mean, you know, got a little weird. I'm just kidding. But no, it was a great time. I think everybody had a good chance to connect. Um, you know, it's always nice to take it out of the virtual world, which we're all in, and get it into the real world environment and get on site at properties and, you know, walk that process of what you're going to do when you're setting up a market and how if you're if it's not in your backyard and you don't have connections with the brokers and you don't have connections with property managers and you don't know local contractors and renovation crews or local lenders and financing and any of that stuff, you know, how do you set all that up to get you comfortable? So that way you can take those steps in that road map that we bring everybody down to execute to execute. It's really really important. Uh thanks John. So yeah, you say it was great. Uh nice to connect and be around like-minded folks. Great connections made. You bet. Uh the bus tour I think went great. Uh we toured a few different deals. Um, I think people got to see a a decent area and then be able to identify, you know, a not good area because we went to two different properties and you could see location, right? We say never sacrifice location. And I think people that were there understood why, uh, just around, you know, kind of driving into it, what it's surrounded by, uh, the little neighborhood. I mean, all that stuff, right? And then what we also learned which I thought was uh beneficial and I think this is important for everyone is in every single city that you're looking in there's parts of the city where it just doesn't make fundamental sense to buy and it's really due to just being such a hot location that and deal size. Let's say it's, you know, 10, 15 unit, maybe a 20 unit building or under where you're going to have high netw worth individuals that'll just buy the building themselves with no investors involved. Buy the building themselves. It's not based or underwritten on fundamentals. It's, hey, I have a bunch of cash. I want to buy this thing. Park it. Avoid taxes. get a little cash flow, but I don't need to see 15% or more returns on my money. I can sit here at 8% and just ride the wave of appreciation a little bit, get a little bit of cash flow, avoid the taxes, and park cash. Those aren't going to be the deals you go after. And even Zach, the broker had mentioned, he says, "Yeah, this deal is not a deal based on fundamentals in this area we're in right now is not based on fundamentals. People are just buying to park cash here." Okay, fair. Then, Zach, where are the areas that people are buying things based on fundamentals? And the broker will tell you. So, that's actually a great question to talk to the brokers about when you're setting that up. And hey, you know, broker, there's probably areas that people buy things that are not based on fundamentals. They're just parking cash. I'm not interested in those. So, I want to know the areas of the city or around the city or within 30 miles of the city or an hour of the city where people are buying based on fundamentals, the financials, not just parking money. Make sense? Because I thought that was interesting to see that and be able to talk to the broker about that. Um, yes. And yeah, congrats to Sandy and Doug. I think they just put a 28 unit under contract in Georgia. Nice little town home product deal. Uh, so they're in the processes of that. Uh, oddly enough, not oddly enough, totally expected and I kind of chuckled and and Doug got my voice note on this um on um Tuesday afternoon evening when you you got it locked up or at least LOI accepted. Um, Doug texted me, Justin, I'm freaking out. I think we got the deal or we got the deal and I don't know what to I'm freaking out. I kind of chuckled at that cuz I'm like, Doug, don't you remember I reminded you? I said, this is a good thing. I said, at least you're not hyperventilating. Or maybe you were, but I said, it's totally expected because now you're going from like, oh gosh, like I was in this process of working hard to get the deal and now I actually got it and now it's like holy Now you're like, it's it's like real real real and now what do I do and how do I go to the next stages? And so, um, you know, we'll be talking about that. But I thought that was great trying to keep him emotionally stable, which is totally normal, by the way, your feelings, your emotions. I mean, I freaked out first time I got a deal and it was actually real. I went from working so hard to find deals, analyze, write offers, find deals, analyze, write offers, find deals, analyze, write offers to boom, it happened. And then I'm like, holy, you know, what do I do now? And so that's the process of kind of the due diligence. and then the management and closing side. So, we'll get into that. Yeah, congrats on that. Okay. So, yeah, I'm going to dive into a couple of the deals using the new deal analyzer, by the way. So, I'm going to pull that up and go through it. Uh, that is final. It's in your WhatsApp chat. We put it in there. We also put it into the back end of your portal. So, it's going to look like this for you, by the way, when you open it up. Okay? And we just updated this. As you all know, you have two different deal analyzers. You have this one, which is the simpler of them. And then you have the more complicated one, which you're probably not using just yet because you're buying deals now under third, you call it under 50 units. So, this is the one you would use for it. Um, awesome, Bryant. Um, just looking at a couple our website and the fact that we have other local properties why they went with us. That's right. That's right. You looked the part before you had the part, right, Sandy? I mean, you'd had some, right? Single family experience, but just like we discussed, no multifamily yet. But then with the website and then us doing answering the questions on that buyer letter, right, because the broker sent you the buyer questionnaire, right, before they awarded the deal, we answered them a certain way. And then they went to your website. They saw you guys. They saw your story, that you looked professional. They saw that you had, you know, excuse my French, your together. That's why we set up the road map the way we do it. So that way it gives you clout before you have clout. You look the part before you're the part. That's what you have to do until you get the first one, then the second one. And now you physically have a resume that you're not having to go, you know, sell ice to Eskimos anymore. So that's the whole purpose behind it. and we're on your website. You have your advisory board. I mean, you don't really have an advisory board. I mean, you do, but you don't, right? And you have your strategic partner, so you lean on us. And then they can go look at our resume and see our deals and see you, and they realize, okay, I mean, yeah, they're newer, but they have a great support team. They have a great support system. They have their ducks in a row. They've done this process correctly, and they've got a soft quote from the lender, so they got the financing at least teed up. They explain the equity side and how they raise their equity. Okay, check, check, check, check, check. It all looks pretty good. Let's go. And that's where you're at. That's why they awarded you the deal. You set all that stuff up all the way through it. So now you could actually lock and load. Um Sandy had mentioned, I wanted to mention the broker actually mentioned the website. Ah, interesting. Interesting. Um, well, yeah, because they get to know who you are, right? And hence the reason even going out to the market is even more important because I know you may I don't know, did you ever get face to face with this broker yet, Sandy? Because I know you've been in Georgia. You have you own single family in Georgia. Uh, but I don't know if you actually met physically the broker yet. Okay. Yeah. So, you were able to pull it off without meeting the broker, which is rare. Good job. Um because yeah it would it would have sealed the deal even more Sandy had you physically met the broker in advance right when you did the market trip right that stage of market trip on the on the uh the road map because then it wouldn't have been any question about it right they would have gotten to meet you guys know you guys get bellyto belly eyeball to eyeball and then when it came to the actual deal okay lock and load let's go and so they had built that relationship with you beyond just the virtual world and a phone call and that's how deals really get done. So, there's a stage for it. So, um uh yeah, you can let him you can let Brian know, Sandy, on that. It's in Georgia. I want to say I don't know, it's Decator. No, maybe not. Um but yeah, let's go ahead and kind of show you the updated analyzer. Many of you have seen that, but it's in your back end. The two biggest things we added to this, just so you know, is mainly all of this section stuff here on the right that deals with sources and uses, the refinancing component when you're going to refi it, and then some sale inputs. And so things that are going to help juice the returns a bit from before is the ability to refinance the property and principal payown, right? because we've added in, you know, the amortization tables to the loans to do, you know, really accurate principal payown. Like you don't need to touch any of this stuff, right? But it's here for both the senior loan that meaning your primary debt and then when you refinance it, right? It's all here. But that's going to allow for principal payown, which means more equity, which means heftier returns for you and investors. Um, but yeah, let's go ahead and pull through this. Um, uh, Matt, um, I'm going to go ahead and pull up your guys's deal. You put it into the analyzer, but I'm going to pull it over into this because this is the most latest version, version seven. If you see this V7 up here, because we had to go through here, guys, and really kick in some of these formulas because this was complex, right? Because we have multiple layered waterfalls for how you pay off and investors. And it does it all for you, right? All you're doing is clicking in and putting in the numbers here. And I'm going to show you how to do that so that way you know how to use this thing correctly uh when you're putting in your numbers. Okay. So, let's go ahead and go to the front part and then let's try this. So, what I'm going to do, Matt, is I went ahead and pulled up um your It's only five units, but we can go ahead and do the five unit. That's fine. Andor let me show up this one, too. 135 unit. Geez. Okay, that one's too big. We're not going to do that one. Yeah, let's stick to the five unit here. That's fine. So, I'm going to kind of show you what that one looks like. And it's this property here in Pompo Beach in Florida. And they put it into the analyzer. I don't know if this is the latest version, but I'm going to go ahead and just pull everything over from this one into the other one real quick. And we'll uh we'll add it up. So, um, got it. So, yeah, this is a five unit. So, you can do it this way where you put in every unit. That's fine cuz it's it's a small complex. But in the future, in the event that uh you know, it's a 20 unit property, you're not going to put all 20 in here. You put the unit type, unit type. So, two-bedroom, one bath, maybe there's five of those. And there's, you know, one bedroom, one bath, six of those type thing. And then you put in the unit type. And then you'd put in the average rent that they're getting both here and then into the future. Uh, but for this one that's fine. We'll go ahead and leave each individual rent there. But the average of it would be $1850. If you see this $1850. So what I would usually do in the future is I'd come in here and just put $1850. And then I'd put five of them here and I'd x all this out, right? And then I'd say, okay, I'm going to bring them up to call it two. I mean, it looks like you can get 2,000. So I'm going to put it like that for the future. wipe all these guys out and that way it's going to bring it all through. Okay, it's going to go from that to that on the total revenue. Just so you know, you don't have to put in every unit. You do it by unit type. Unit type. So, uh up here you do have the pricing. So, I think this is the latest version actually because yeah, this one is the latest because you have it up here. Uh 900 grand, that's good. 30% down, that's fine. Number of units, fine. Repair budget, you just have, you know, just a placeholder in there. You're not going to add that into the loan at all. You're going to just do that through equity down payment and stuff. Let's just put in an age here. I'm going to put in 1975. Maybe it's older, younger, I don't know. We'll do a 10,000 square foot lot. Just put it in there so we have it. Uh square footages of these units. Uh I don't think you have them in there, but I'm going to say twobedroom, one bath. I'm going to go with 950 square feet just so we have a placeholder in there. And then coming over here. Um, let me put that in there. So that way we have that. Um, expenses. It's a smaller property, so that you could probably get away with this. Um, or and you're going to self-manage it. Okay. So that's why you don't have a management fee and stuff in there. Um, maintenance and repair definitely low. So, that's got to come up. Uh, it doesn't need to be as much as like, you know, the $700 a unit thing, but it should be probably double that. So, I'm going to put in here like that. That should definitely be that. Uh, insurance and stuff. Uh, you'll want to double check that, but that's probably in alignment. You want to double check your insurance for Florida. I know. I mean, you guys know it. You're there, but double check that. Um, general administrative, that's fine. Turnover costs, fine. I mean, you want to have something in there for like, you know, one unit. I mean, you probably 1,500 bucks. You want to have that in there. Um, something in there. And marketing, you don't need that. Payroll, you're fine. So, that's all good. Yeah, you you can run in the low30s on a little five unit like this small deal. You can get away with that because you're going to self-manage this thing. That's the way it's going to make sense. Um, you know, if you have one unit vacant, right, you're at 20%. Right? If one unit goes vacant during the year, you're at 20% vacancy. So, um, you know, I would definitely be at least 10 because I mean, one unit and, um, you know, you've lost I mean, let's think about this for a second. Let's say you have one unit for a month at 2K. So, that's fine. I see where you're going with it. I see where you're going with it. Yeah. you're saying, "Okay, hey, we're going to lose a month's worth of rent and say it's one unit a year on a small property." So, that's fair. That's fair. That would make some sense because, you know, if you were, you know, at, you know, one month's rent, you know, that's $1,850, call it two grand, and lease up any commissions and stuff. So, you can get away with that, losing one month's worth, and we add in two there. So, that that's fine. That's a fine number. um other income. You'd want a little bit in there. You probably 500 bucks worth because you're going to have, you know, um admin fees, application fees, probably, you know, a little bit of late fees in there, stuff like that. But that'll add up. You'll get something in there for that. Um so you can see the returns. We did some um conditional formatting. So these are all set based upon their requests. So, if you, as you guys know, if you scroll over this, it says it gives you a guideline, right? This needs to be 6 to 10%. Right? This needs to be 1.8 or more. So, that's why it's red. And this needs to be at 15% or greater, right? 14 to 20% or greater. Um, so that's the good news is because of it's South Florida, that's why you're running at a cap rate like this cap rate stuff right here, 6 and a quarter. So, that's that's probably fair for the Florida market. Interest rate, you're definitely going to be higher than that. Uh 6.5 for sure. Maybe even 6.75 right now on your interest rate. So, that's there. Um this interest rate needs to change there. So, put that in place. And then maybe do six and a quarter for your refinance and your refinancing. Uh, but we'll get to that in a second. So, all this is in place. That's all looking good. And you can kind of see the returns, right? I mean, not great, but you know, you're, you know, we'll we'll juice these up a little bit and see where that can land. Okay. Um, asking price and offer price. So, that's good there. So, everything's good. You have everything there. Um, got your unit count. Let me save this real quick. That way we got that and then let's come over here. So you'll see that it automatically in the sources and uses you know we're not doing any renovation through the loan. So this doesn't really matter but you can see like the the use of the money is going over here. It's being sourced through the equity and you have closing costs and all that stuff. So you can see what's being sourced through the equity and what's being sourced through the loan. Usually if you scroll over this and hover over it, it's telling you typically the lender will cover 25% of the closing costs on averageish. So that's why we have this placeholder in there. You can adjust this. So if you actually start getting your loan and stuff and you find out the lender's covering less, I mean, you can make that 15%. And then it's automatically going to shift it between the equity and the loan. Okay? to keeping it at 25 gets a little more accurate. So now you can see what's going to be covered in your loan amount, what's your equity amount, and your total cost basis in the deal. All right. And then refinancing. We're going to say, "Yeah, we're going to refinance this property, and we're going to refinance it." Uh, no, I don't want to replace it. Let's say I want to do it in year two or in year four. Let's call it year four. Uh, we're going to do 70% new loan on it on the refinance. We're going to do I'm going to say we're going to do two we're going to do full term IO. So, I'm going to put three years of interest only on my refi and see if I can get it. You'll see what it's going to do to juice the returns. Right? See how it's coming down here and improving the cash on cash now? Versus if I come up here and I say one, see how it's dropping down your cash on cash returns down here at the bottom versus if I come in there and I juice it up and I say, "Nope, I'm going to do full term on the interestonly period." Then it's going to bump up my cash on cash because I'm paying less debt service. There's more cash to go around. Cash on cash. Interest rate six and a quarter. 25-year amortization, very common, and closing cost on that refinance, 2%. So, it's going to let me know, I'm going to pull out 64 grand out of this deal. Now, the question becomes, are you going to bring in investors for this deal? Are you going to bring all $335,000 in yourself? Okay, so we have all this in place. Uh, we're going to sell it in year six. We'll just presume that for a minute. That can change, as you all know. You could get to year six and you want to keep holding it. You can do all the above, right? All things can happen. But just keep it in there so you have it. Now let's come over here to the proforma. All this you want to change your start date. So start date being 2026. That's fine. If it were next year, 2027, all this is in place. This is fine for rent growth. If you wanted to adjust these, you could. And then your economic allowance. You guys have five in here. I'm going to change this to five. You want to do that. So you have this in alignment. So you want to adjust those. And then you have your expenses. Expenses are going to naturally increase with inflation. Let's put that at 2%. So that's all you have to do on the proform page. And to kind of show you what's happening here, if you kind of look at each year, you know, year one, you come in here and you have your original rents and then gross, you take out your economic loss of the 5%. Then you take out your operating expenses. That's getting you your net operating income. You pull out your debt service right on the loan and that's your free cash flow. And that's year one. Then you've improved the property. So now your rents are up. You have annual rents of this. You take out your economic loss, which is physical vacancy, bad debt, loss of leash, all that stuff you guys are aware of. And you add in some other income that you put in there. Now, take out your operating expenses and you have your NOI, net operating income increased, right? About $8,000. Uh, which is good. Debt service, pay that off. So, now your your cash flow just jumped almost 10,000 bucks for the year. And same thing all the way through. But you see what happens now in year four, we get all the way through the cash flow. And now on top of that, we're going to go ahead and refy the property, right? We're going to refy the property. So here, our new loan is 957,000. That's the new loan. We're going to pay off the old loan right here of 598,000. And we have closing cost on that refinance of almost 20 grand. So our net cash on the refi is 340. It's 340. And then I want you to pay attention to kind of this next stage because this next stage adds in, right? If you click on this number, you're seeing how it's adding in all these numbers to get to my cash flows. So, it's saying, "Okay, I'm going to add in the 32,000 to the 342,000 to get to 372,000 total cash that comes out that year. So now, here's all of your cash flows. You had 335,000 go in the deal from day one. Then you're cash flowing this thing every year here. and then you sell it here in year six. So that's your cash flows for the deal. All of that flows right over here to the top line for the deal. So now you have the topline revenue sitting up here that comes over from the proforma. All right? And now that's all going to flow down based upon how you set up your waterfall on how you pay investors. Now, if you're going to be the only investor, this thing's going to change a bit because you're going to have to come out of pocket with all the money. See, your cash on cash is going to change. But let's walk through that. So, let's look at this thing two ways. Let's say for a minute that I was going to do the whole deal myself. I'm going to change the equity sourcing. So all 100,000 of it is going to come from me. All 335,000. So there's no preferred return anymore. You see all these numbers just went away, right? All that went away. And then now down here, whoops. Let me do this. Let me do Let's change it to this. And I'll be my own LP. Let's do it that way because you wouldn't normally do that, but let's say I did. So now I'm actually going to be my own uh investor in my deal. And now you come on down here. So this is what my numbers are going to look like if I did it all on my own, right? So 18% annualized return, equity multiple of 2.16, right? My cash flows and stuff are pretty good. So I could do the deal on my own with no investors, but I got to come in with all $335,000. So that's option A. Now, let's say we want to syndicate the deal, meaning me and other people. So, I'm going to come in with 10% of the money like we normally do. 90% I'm going to go get from other friends and family and network and all that stuff. About 300 grand. I'm going to offer them a preferred return. So, that's the hurdle one that gets paid out here. And you can track the cash flows down. So, like if we just took year one right here, let's just look at one year, right? $18,000 in cash flows coming out of that property. the preferred return is 18,117. So, we're going to go ahead and pretty much all the money is going to end up going to pay that to our investors, including myself, by the way, because I'm my own investor in my own deal. So, the cash on cash distribution is right around 6%. Which is what the preferred return is. There's no additional capital and cash to come out of the deal. So, you see that there's no money here to come out. So, it flows on down and there's no money. So, all you're going to see is $18,000 to the investors. Then you come over to year two, same thing's going to happen. There's more money to go out, right? 26,000. You're going to pay the preferred return. It's going to leave a little bit of money, 8,500 to kind of start flowing down here and then pay out to investors and split the money. So that way between GP and LP, this is what's coming out. So that comes all the way down here and splices out between the parties. Okay? And then the big year happens right around year four where you have the refinance. You have 372,000 in cash coming out of the deal between cash flow plus the refinance proceeds. And so you're going to pay off the preferred return. See how the balance goes down? You see how this balance is going down because we're paying off the investors now. So now the balance is lower. So the preferred return paid to them is less. Then they come in here. You got 355,000 bucks that's going to be distributed to investors in the format of this. 88,000 is going to me as the general partner. 355,000 is going to my investors. So that way it gets distributed this way. So when you really look at the deal, this is telling you who's going to make what and how at the bottom. So the general partner, which is you, your annualized return is 40 almost 47% a year on your money. Your equity multiple is 6.46. Why is that the case? You came in with $33,000. Here are your cash flows on the deal. Most of your money is coming out at the refi and at the sale. You're getting some cash flows coming through, right? some, but your big money is so you're coming in with 3 33 or 3 33,000. You're going to get out 216 over the six years, right? Over the six years for bringing in 33,000 bucks. Now, keep in mind, you also got an acquisition fee on this deal of almost 20 grand on top of that. Plus, you probably got an asset management fee in the space going through the ownership of the deal. But this is why we pro I mean you can do a five unit deal but you can see that you know it makes it harder right there's not as much cash to go around because it's not that big of a deal which is why the 10 to 30 unit space and obviously as you get going and you get your first deal second deals you end up going 30 plus right 3050 units because the minute you start hitting a 50unit property these numbers get exponential right but this is why you start and then you grow start and then you grow Um, so let me answer a couple quick questions as we go through this real quick. Don asked, "Does it affect the ability to get a commercial loan when they see that you are going to self-manage with no experience?" Um, it can it can um depends on the size of the deal. So, if you were trying to self-manage uh from afar, meaning it's not in your backyard, it's all the circumstances, Don. So, if it's not in your backyard and you're trying to manage from 2,000 mi away and you've never done it before, then yes, it's going to be a problem. But if you're local and it's in your backyard and it's a little 10-unit property and you've done some single family rentals before, going after a 10unit and managing it in your backyard, you can tell that story if you want to, right? If you want to, but that's up to you. That's up to you. Um, but then it wouldn't matter as much, but it will matter the circumstances. Where's the property at in relation to you? Uh, what is the size of the property in relation to anything you've done before? And that's how you do that. Uh, Brian question for the first year, is it 18K split? So 6% of what you put as an LP? Um, let me go back to that real quick. So the 18,000 coming out, it has to pay the preferred return first, Brian. So it pays the preferred return first. So this is the preferred return that has to be paid in year one. That is 6%, right, of the 300,000 bucks. That's what that number is. That 18,000 is 6% of that 300 grand in equity in the deal. Okay? So that has to be paid first. then then uh it flows down. So you got I mean you got a little bit of a shortage of $109 nothing, right? So all that money is going to end up going to the LPS and that's how that gets paid. Same thing 26 here. You'll have a little overage. So that comes down and you have $8,500 that's now going to get it split in profit splits and that comes down here and gets split this way like that. That's how that'll get split out. It'll go uh 6,400 to the GP, 2100 to the uh I'm sorry, 6,400 to the LP, 2100 and change to the GP. Um, correct. 6% on their money. That's correct. So, that's how the whole thing flows down. But then, I mean, you don't have to necessarily know all these form. You don't have to know the formulas, guys. You just plug in the numbers here. Now what we also did here which is pretty cool is the how do you take out your investors right because like the big thing amongst everybody is hey how can I buy this with investors to start and then maybe three four years in how do I take them out if I refinance the property and I give them all their money back and a certain return on that money are they out of the deal and now I own it all by myself the answer is yes so the way that's going to happen it's a little harder to do that right now given the interest rate environment But in a few years, if the interest rates drop down even further and the and the appreciation of properties goes up, you're going to have about a 2 three year window where you'll be able to refinance a property heavy enough to pay all the money back, right? All 300 grand plus, you know, a return on their money leading up to that point. So now the investors are all out of the deal and now you have 100% ownership. And whether you do that at year three or you do that at year six, right, you can do it at any point in the in the transaction. You you control that, right? If the market allows that to happen, you can do it and your investors are out and then you can continue to hold the property in perpetuity and you used their money to do it. So that's why we added in this little thing right here, which is your IRRa takeout. So, what that is telling me is it's saying, okay, you can kind of anything any questions you have on the analyzer, if you hover over wherever you see one of these red triangles, it's going to give you guidance. Okay, just so you know, anytime you hover over any of these red triangles, it's going to pop up with a little comment thing and give you some guidance on where it should be and or explain what the heck it is. All right. So, this lets you know input an annual percentage return maximum for your investors. This way, once they receive this cumulatively, right, on an annualized basis and they get all their money back, the investors are out of the deal. So, what this is saying is, hey, once I give my investors all of their 300 grand back and I give them a 18% annualized return on their money, they're out of the deal. Once I can hit those two metrics, they're gone. It's all mine. It's all mine. So, that's why we put that in place there. Right now, like I said, you're not it's going to be hard to do that because of the interest rate environment and where valuations are at and where cap rates are at. Okay? But eventually, you'll be able to do that. And whether that happens right here at year three or four or whether it happens at year six, you'll be able to pull that off. So, a good, you know, number for this is somewhere between, you know, 16 to 18%. So once I hit 16 to 18% a year on their money and I give them all their money back, they're all gone. They're out of the deal. They're out of the deal. Okay? But you know, an investor is going to get 20% on their money here, like per year. Per year. Okay? And they're going to get tax advantages, wipeouts, all that stuff. Once again, we put in conditional formatting here. So that way if it's green, it's good. Means the deal's good. If it's red, not good. I mean, pretty straightforward. So, that's why we have them all here. Like your equity multiple, you'd probably want to tweak that. You're real close there. Real close. But everything else is in alignment. So, you're looking real good. Um, yeah, I see Kevin answered that question for you, Helena. If you have everything delegated to a property manager, how many hours per week or per month would it take to manage a 30 unit deal? If everything is dedicated to the property manager, delegate. Got it. Uh one to two hours a week maybe. Like just give you an example. Um I mean I am each one of our deals that we have I have a meeting for about 30 minutes, 45 minutes with our property managers uh every week each one of the properties and that's the deal. And unless there's something, you know, they're really crazy going on or I need to really micromanage it because there's something going on that's out of alignment, meaning financially, then yeah, you're maybe one hour a week per property that you are running as what's called an asset manager, Helena. An asset manager. You're basically the CEO managing all the people and you're running the show. You're running the show, but you're just you're managing the managers, right? You're not taking on another job, right? You're not getting up at 2 am when the toilet exploded. That's the difference, right? Especially with many of you being busy professionals, you got life, you got things going on, you know, for you to sit there and and handle all of your tenant problems. I mean, I the only way I would ever do that is if it's in your backyard and you can get to it quickly and easily and it's not a big property. Like I don't know that I would ever manage um over a 10 unit property on my own. Period. Period. Um give you an example like we have a couple properties in our backyard here in San Diego. One of them is an 80 unit. One of them's uh you know a three unit. One of them's a single family. But you know we'll manage the single family. I'll manage the triplex, but I'm not managing 80 units. I mean, we have an on-site manager that's dedicated to the property on site. And then we're managing the property like we have the property management software and we're controlling it, but I am not doing the dayto-day. I mean, it just I I don't have the time. There's just no way, right? And neither do you. So, yeah, you want that hired out. Uh, anything over 10 units in and it has to be in your backyard. I would not be trying to manage a property from afar over 10 units at any point in your human existence. You'll you'll quit like you'll you'll cry and leave. You'll you'll never want to do it ever again. Um so yeah, we'll just avoid that alto together. Okay. Yeah. So that's how you're going to kind of use the deal analyzer. Um and it's going to you know you'll see it's going to help kind of juice some of these returns now. But you know this is nice. It's kind of showing and down here at the bottom. So, we always get the question, especially when you start inputting information to the pitch deck to show investors what an investor will make on their money. This is why this is here. So, if you're ever talking to anybody and they're like, "Hey, I got 50 grand to throw at this thing. What would my returns look like, Justin?" No problem. Come right in here. Got not 500K. You got about maybe that 50K. Okay, great. This is what your cash flows are going to look like. This is what your cash on cash returns going to look like. Here's your summary of your returns. Beautiful. If I can come to you and I could say, "Hey, if you give me 50 grand, your projected returns are about 20% a year on your money and I'm going to give you about a $50,000 tax paper loss write off against your income year one. I mean, and you get to own real estate with me, and we're going to own the apartment building together. I mean, where else are you going to get 20% a year and write off income taxes and own an apartment building? And you don't have to do any of the work. I'm going to do all the work. You just collect checks. Great. Because they're going to pull money from a 401k, an IRA, a stock account, bank account, savings account. it's making money somewhere else, but it may only be making five, six, eight percent a year. So, they're going to pull from that and move it over and stick it in a real estate asset that's going to give them a massive tax write off and good annualized returns on their money. And it's relatively risk adverse. Relatively risk adverse. That's why you do it. That's why it makes sense. Okay. Um, cool. Yeah. Any other questions on this specifically? kind of looking at, you know, the analyzer and stuff that's now up in the system. So, yeah, you'll see it. You got the sources and uses side over here. Refinancing. You can determine which year to do it. Coming into it, you may do nothing. So, let's let's say we don't refinance at all. Okay, we don't refinance at all. I'm going to change this to no. Okay. And we're just going to write it out. No refinancing. kind of see what these things look like here. So, it doesn't change at all too much, right? Returns still pretty good. So, you can see kind of the cash flows and the preferred return coming out. All the money comes out at the end versus in between, right? So, all the money is coming out at the end. Your LP is getting this big chunk at the end. You're getting this big chunk at the end. So, you're getting that, they're getting that, you're getting all these cash flows, you're getting 40% a year on your money. Your equity multiple is huge. Your cash on cash is huge. And keep in mind, as you guys all know, I mean, your money actually sits inside here, too, as an LP in your own deal. So, you get to double dip the deal. Um, but more on that. Many of you guys already know that. Uh, but some of you don't. But that's that's the cool thing. When you do these syndications, you actually become your own investor in your own deal. So when you go put in your money, right, your $33,000, your money actually goes in and buys shares right alongside your limited partners, your investors. So you're right there with them. You're earning your piece. So you're getting paid too, right along with them, just like they are. And once you kind of meet the uh projections, that's when you're getting all this money as a general partner on top of that. So you're getting your piece of this as a limited partner and you're getting all of this. You're getting the double dip. So your returns here are probably closer to 50% a year on your money. But where else are you going to go stick it into real estate? This is not even calculating the tax advantages, by the way. This is just actual money, right? Right? And this is not counting your fees that you're getting as well. So, if I stuck in the asset management fee in this case would be about 18 to uh 30,000 bucks on top of this. And any asset management fees, anything else you'd be doing if you added in a disposition fee, all the other ways you can make money as the syndicator doing the deal. That's on top of all this. That's on top of all this. So this is just the actual cash flows and the profits capital events coming out of the deal. Okay. So as you can see it makes freaking sense, right? And the numbers don't lie. They do not lie. Um about 1%. Yes. So on average 1 to 2% is an asset management fee. Uh and that's just there for your time. You're not, you know, you're not getting rich off it. It's just literally there for, you know, spending time on the phones and the Zoom calls with the property managers to ensure that the thing's operating well for you and the investors. That's why you're getting paid the asset management fee. It basically covers bookkeeping. It's really what it I mean, honestly, it covers your bookkeeping cost. Uh it's you're not making a bunch of money on asset management, but it's there to offset time. Uh you make money on your acquisition fee. That's a fair one. You can make money on a refinance fee. That's another one. So, typically you'll make a half point to 1% on the loan amount when you refi. So, in the case of this, when you go refinance this property, and if I change this back to yes and you put a new loan on this thing of 957,000, you would get say 1% of that is 9,500 bucks. It just juices the money for you, right? It's a fee to you for going through the process of setting up the refinance, which is a good amount of work, right? To do a refinance and get all that together for the deal and for investors. It's a lot of work. So, you should be compensated. Let's call it 10 grand for putting that together for investors because it's going to pay them back. I mean, think about that. For you doing all that, the investor is going to get they're going to get sorry, they're going to get when you do it $283,000. So, they're going to pay you $9,000 to get them 283. Sweet. Sounds like a pretty good ROI because it's takes time for you to do that. And then there's things called disposition fees. Hey, when I go to sell this thing, it takes a lot of work for you to put together the sale and go through that process. Just like you bought the thing, all that due diligence to get the acquisition fee, you're going out the back door. Takes a lot of work to prepare that thing for sale, right? to make sure that your investors are going to get their $350,000 that day. So, you should also be paid typically a half point, right, to do that. Let's call I mean, it's not much. I mean, if you're and that's based on the purchase price, right? So, if you're coming out the door and you're selling this thing at a million4, right? Here's your gross sales proceeds. You're getting a half point on that. I mean, that's what 0005 time 1,463. So, you're getting 7,300 bucks as a little juice for putting it together. And then on top of that, you're getting, you know, your $115,000 on top of that. Okay? So, you're getting your money out plus that plus fees. So, you're doing all right, right? I mean, your returns once again, pretty stupid. pretty stupid. And that's why we do it. I mean, you're you're not here to, you know, for charity. You're here for your families, to grow wealth, to do what you're trying to do, to help other people, help investors. Everybody wins. Everybody's winning. I mean, these people, your LPs do none of the work. You're doing all the work, which is why you get to be paid handsomely. It's the whole point, right? We always joke, but it's it's totally true. Your income is directly related to the problems you solve. the problems you solve. So, think about this for a minute. You're solving a big problem for all of your investors. What do I do with my money? How do I protect my money? How do I make money on my money because I don't want to sit it in a bank account? And I'm not, you know, comfortable putting all my eggs in the stock market or all my eggs in a 401k or all my eggs in an IRA or all my eggs in something else. I want to move it into real estate. I just don't know how to do it. I don't want to do the work. I don't trust anybody. But I have 50K, 100K. Hey, I want to throw at real estate. I wish I knew somebody that could help me do this. That's where you come in. I get to go find great deals, put them together, make everybody a bunch of money. Everybody's happy. They get to grow their wealth. They get all the tax write offs. I get them, too. Everybody wins. We ride off into the sunset. And we get to do great things that we want to do in our lives. I mean, that's why you're doing it, right? at the end of the day is to buy passive income which buys time which buys freedom and allows you to spend your time doing the things you really love which is experiences with your kids, your family, your wife, your spouse, all these things that you love to do and you're getting to make great money, grow your net worth and have cash flow and returns while you do it. I mean that is why you learn this skill set. It is a very valuable skill set and you're solving big problems, right? Because you're solving big problems, you get to make big money. Uh Jaden says, "What do the numbers look like once you take out investors and hold?" Uh they'll be great. I mean, I can't show that here because this deal doesn't do that, right? But you're not paying the investors any more money. You've gotten all your money back, too. So now you're playing with house money. I mean, think about that for a minute. Let's say, let's just walk through a scenario for a minute. Given today's environment, let's say you run this this situation and you go and you get to year six, year six, and rather than sell the property in year six, right? You did the refi. Let's come back here real quick. Let's change this to a year three. Let's say it makes sense to refinance in year three and then I come back here, right? I refinance it in year three. So now all the money is coming out here, right? That's what all this is happening here. All the money is coming out here. It's getting paid here. Everybody's getting a big chunk of money here. Now we're going to ride it through the rest of the years. Then rather than sell it here, here's the option to refinance it again. and maybe it's around year six or seven. You go to refinance it again. Obviously, this isn't going to show it exactly, but now your investors are going to get all their remaining balance back. So, in this case, they only have technically $25,000 in the deal because you paid them a chunk of it back here. Keep in mind, they only had 300 grand in the deal. Then here, you're going to get them a chunk of money. So they're going to get $249,000 cash out of the deal. So they only have 50 something,000, right? You see the balance is here. Then it drops, then it drops. So by year six, they only have 25 grand left in the deal. And you've been paying them the preferred return. So that's why the preferred return is going down. You're not paying them as much preferred return. Now you refinance them again. you pay them their 25 grand plus then you give them enough money to meet this threshold. So that way if you cumulatively add it all up, they're getting at least 16 or 18% a year on their money and then they get all their money back and you refinance them at THIS POINT. NOW ALL OF YOUR GUYS' money is out of the deal. Your money, their money, everybody's money is out and you've gotten them 18% a year on their money. They're stoked. like they're the happiest things on planet Earth and then they're going to be coming to you saying, "Jaden, when's the next deal?" That was sick. Like, let's go. Right. And then now you have this five-unit building all on your own. You use their money to do it. Took you six years to completely acquire the property on your own, but everybody's happy because you made them great money. You made yourself great money. You ran the gamut. You operated well. You solved big problems. And that's why it works. So then your returns would be almost astronomical at this point because now you're riding on house money, right? You have no actual physical cash in the deal. Everything is free cash flow. Everything. So that's how you run this one and or any other ones. So you can refinance them out and not sell properties. And the minute you do that, you're good to go. Um and that's what I would I would do. You'll always want to be in the process of buy three, sell one, buy three, sell one, buy three, sell one. So, you're always acquiring, right? That's what my mentor taught me. Buy three, sell one, buy three, sell one, buy three, sell one. So, you're always acquiring, but you're always liquidating. You're always moving money, but you're always acquiring assets for your portfolio. And that is how you do the same thing here. So based on where you were at at that time, let's say year six or so, you'd say, "Okay, how many deals do I have in my portfolio? Does it how many have we sold this year? How many have we've acquired this year? Okay, we're in the acquisition. We need to, you know, keep this. We're not going to sell this. We're going to stay in the acquisition zone and just keep riding it. We'll go buy other deals. We'll take money out and go buy more deals because you got to remember when you refinance that money you pull out is taxfree money." Like all this cash flow, if you're just refinancing these properties, it's all cash taxfree money because the IRS does not see debt as income. You're using leverage properly to go grow your portfolio and your net worth. And you're not paying any taxes on it because the IRS sees debt as is just debt. They don't see it as income. Even though it's it's cash to you, but you're not paying any income taxes on it. So, does that answer your question, Jaden? Hopefully it does. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. But that's how I'd run the gamut. And so in the beginning, technically all of these deals you're doing, I mean, you should be in the mindset of buy three, sell one, buy three, sell one. So you can run this gamut and then in all of your legal documentation, right? You're going to make sure that it states in there that once I give you your money back plus in this case, let's say it's 18%, which I think is fair. Once I give you all your money back plus 18% a year on that, Mr. Investor, you're out of the deal. You get no more money. And they're, listen, they're stoked. Think about that for a minute. If in three years I can give you all your money back, if I was talking to you as an investor, I can give you all your money back in 36 months plus 18% a year on that, plus give you all the tax write offs on top of that. I mean, you're going to be to the moon. Right? And you're going to be like, "Dude, I don't really want all my money back. Like, can we keep going?" Am I like, "No, no, no. You're out of the deal. I own this sucker all on my own now. But I have another one coming." They're going to be like, "Let me throw the money at it." Like, you'll have an internal investor base that'll be screaming about you, you know, when you pull that off. Okay? And that's how you'll do it. And then you'll do another one and another one. And now you'll have three deals in your portfolio, right? And then you'll get to a point where you're about to acquire a fourth, but hey, maybe you need to liquidate one. So you sell one, keep three, sell one, buy three, sell one, buy three. And that's how you grow your portfolio over time. And you're using leverage and cash out refinancing. That's tax-free money, by the way, to go buy more deals. And then technically, you don't I mean, you know, yeah, technically you don't have to sell squat, but I would always liquidate something at some point when you when the portfolio is growing and then you can move that money around. Yeah. Uh, cool. Well, yeah, I hope this was helpful kind of going through these scenarios on this particular deal and how the analyzer works and how you should be looking at it to, you know, plan out. But once again, anytime you scroll over any of these red marks in here, um, it's going to show you and go over it with you what to um, a guideline. Just giving you guidelines on how to go through it, okay? And we can add more in there if we need it. But anywhere you see this, it's kind of going over it. Okay. Anywhere in here, it's telling you. Okay. All of it. Scroll over this, it's telling you that. So, it's telling you everything when you come through it. Yeah. Let us know if you see any issues with it. I mean, the reason we gave so many versions of it like this is because we kept finding, you know, issues with the formulas. doesn't mean real quick. If if you want to see what the formulas look like, if I come in here, I don't know what it is. Home data. What is it? Is it data uh format? If I go to unprotect the sheet, which you can do, by the way, we didn't we didn't password protect it. So, you can protect and unprotect each sheet, just FYI. But I mean, you can see some of the formulas that start coming along with this thing. Min, max formulas, and it starts to get hairy down here where we start getting into a lot of the whatifs, right? Look at that one. Try and figure that one out. If or to the third power, the 14th quadrant, if or Irr. I mean because there's a lot of conditional form a lot of conditional form form formulas going on there to ensure that we're moving the money through the process correctly. So we just we kept finding little errors here and there and we finally got it. These things get gnarly. Yeah. If and all this other stuff, right? So you don't have to worry about that. Don't have to worry. Um please lock me out. Yes, we're you're locked out. Don't worry. All right, everybody. I know we're at time, so I hope this was helpful kind of going through this. If there's any questions, let us know. You know, we're here for you. And then next Tuesday, uh for some of the folks that just came into the community, welcome in. But I'd love you to come on there and uh introduce yourself to the community or even more so introduce yourself on video or chat in the WhatsApp. So that way we can connect everybody on based on location, where you're at, what you're trying to do. So cool. Everyone, have a happy Thursday and uh prayers to all the astronauts on their way to the moon. Man, that's cool. Let's go. So, by the way, three rockets are going out this month. See, the first one just happened. Then you have Starship and then you have the blue horizon or blue Orion, whatever that is. Um it's just space race all over the place. So, enjoy it. Enjoy it. All right, everybody. God bless.