Hey, hey, hey. Good morning, everybody. Come on in. We'll get everybody started in here. See everyone coming on in. Good to see uh we got Austin, Adrian, Joshua, Rory. Good to see you in here. Rory, we're actually going to go over your deal that you sent in uh to the team. uh in Missouri. So, we're going to go over that real quick. Leandro, good to see you. Tony, happy Thursday. Type into the chat. And then I also want us to um collaborate more too if if if there's folks that want to do that coming in here. Uh see, Angelique, good to see you, Bruce. Perfect. Joshua, Adrien, anything exciting happening uh today or this week, anything exciting happening today or this week? Don't be shy. Any any wins, any losses, any um uh I mean, we're getting I'll give you a couple that we're working on. Uh one is um you know we have our mobile home park that h you know 80% of it got washed away in the uh floods in Texas on the Guadalupe River. So uh the teams working on that. It was an RV park, so mostly RVs and then some mobile homes. And we did have some mobile homes that were stationary that did wash away. And yes, there are lives lost. I mean, it's that's the part that's most uh you know, tragic is that and it's it's horrific. Um you can replace everything else, right? Um and so that's that. And then um you know we're dealing with challenges on one of our Texas properties where you know occupancy's too low. We've been battling it for a while. Um a decent amount of it's you know they got some market condition stuff going on. So that's definitely a challenge. Um, but uh it's it's creating cash flow problems on the property and we're having to deal with that and so I'm back and forth to help manage that. Um, so there's that. So those are the those are the losses or the challenges at the moment and then on the win side um you know we're working on a couple deals. Uh, one of them is a potential co-general partnership on a 182 unit deal in Arizona. So, I'll know more about that next week. And then we have an offer out on a deal actually, surprisingly enough, in San Diego. That's uh uh a 64 unit. And so, that could be a great opportunity for even anybody here in the community. Um, it's one of those kind of rare ones. They don't come up very often. We had one back in 2022, uh, at the end of 2022 that we came about offm market through the family's attorney and similar type property. This one's a little smaller, but similar property where it's, you know, 1970s vintage, super clean, though, like clean uh, in a in an area of San Diego that's decent. I'd say it's a workforce housing sty type type environment in San Diego, but the ability to bump rents four to $600 a month uh and then do renovations and pretty much add I mean anywhere from uh $8 to $10 million in value through bumping the rents and then you know you're looking at about total about 30,000 a unit in including interior and exterior on that. So, we'll see. We'll see what happens with it. So, um uh you guys are working on get a better rate of construction loan. That's good. Um also learned about an ART ART short-term loan for keyman insurance. Um I have not heard of that. an ART short form loan for keyman insurance for um is that for like a keyman life insurance policy. Is that what you're referencing? Because a keyman life insurance policy, just so everybody understands what that is is if you have like a partnership, your partners could get a life insurance policy on you. So that way in the event that you, you know, peel over and die, they have a key man insurance policy for liability purposes on you. So that is an option. Okay. So let's go ahead now everybody's on in here. We're going to go ahead and review a deal. I thought was an interesting one uh Roy because you're you're inputting all your numbers and I think this is important uh for anybody that you know you're sending in your deals for review on the team and if the team's responding back that hey your numbers are I mean in terms of your your inputting your process is good you just need to tweak the numbers but the process meaning you you're putting the numbers in the right spaces that's good so therefore you're getting good outputs you just may need now to adjust the numbers to get the deal to actually pencil so So, let's walk let's walk through that. Uh, I'm going to pull this deal up real quick. And this is a little 12 unit in Missouri. Uh, they're asking $635,000 for it in Oakrove, Missouri. Um, you know, nice little decent little property. Uh, pitched roofs. That's the kind of first thing on it. Good parking, a lot of space. Um, it seems like a decent little property. They may have retrofitted the windows. It looks like they may have. Um, uh, Roy, are you able to Can I bring you up real quick for you to kind of chat about this real quick? Awesome. All right, let me do that. There we go. See if it allows you to talk. &gt;&gt; It says you can &gt;&gt; I can hear you. Yeah. Maybe turn up your mic a little bit so that way using on the microphone for everybody. &gt;&gt; Okay. I'm just bringing I got to bring my laptop a little bit closer because I gota &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, first of all, let's walk through uh how you found the deal. Let's talk there first. &gt;&gt; Okay. So this is uh just one of the brokers I just trying to build a relationship with. Um &gt;&gt; so how did the uh so let's walk through kind of the initial process for anybody, &gt;&gt; you know, starting this or getting h getting some roadblocks with it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; you are searching online in Missouri. That's one of your markets I know you're looking at and following the process of really using the websites, right? Whether it's kxy.com, loopnet, right? You're using the websites not for properties. &gt;&gt; You're using the websites to identify brokers. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Because that's really what you're using them for. The properties, most of them don't make sense. We know that. Now, you can adjust them and underwrite them to where they do, but it just may be much different than what they're asking. Um, but you're using it really to identify the brokers. Correct. &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah. But what was actually a bonus on this is this lady had &gt;&gt; I'm in a couple Facebook uh like investment groups in Kansas City and some certain things that I had post she kind of she had responded to that and she friended me on Facebook. So, we had a little bit of like relationship and then um then it turns out that she was actually uh the broker on the deal that I kind of helped uh got in with um with Hayden and Matt on too. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; it actually worked out good. And then just as an extra bonus that I think has helped me too is I I sent her like a box of like Hawaiian macadamia nut candies and some treats and I mailed it to her like last week. So &gt;&gt; hey listen, bribery can work. I'm not going to say bribery work. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I mailed it to her and then this was before this deal came up and so now she's really, you know, it's, you know, she's really uh we we got on the phone and she's really there to like she's trying to help me as best as possible. So, it's it's actually a a great relationship. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. So, that's kind of Yeah. And, you know, I've always been never really knew how much to really buy into the Facebook groups, per se. I feel like Facebook losing its prominence in a way. Yeah. Um, but I can't say they don't work. Uh, yeah. I'm I'm in a few and stuff. I'm just not on Facebook that often, but I know that they do work. Um, yeah. So, that's good that you've used that in conjunction with the websites to identify the brokers and stuff. And so, you have a few brokers that you're starting to build relationships with in that marketplace. Is that how I understand it? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, then this one comes kind of across the table and she sent it over via email, I'm guessing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, she sent it on email. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And um from that point you've done the initial underwriting. You're looking at it. What's the activity on it? Kind of give me that scenario. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it it she just sent it out on email yesterday. So um it it's a it normally what she does, she has offmarket stuff that um uh that she puts out to her like I guess group, right? people her investors that she works with. Um which now I'm on that list. Um but this one she said it's um a hedge fund owns it. So um according to her like it's supposed to go on market this this weekend &gt;&gt; and then what they're going to do is they're going to have a call for offers uh due next week Wednesday. &gt;&gt; Okay. and uh you know so just I gotta just try to put in put put in &gt;&gt; so &gt;&gt; and I don't know that specific area that well how far is it away from like the core of Kansas City Missouri &gt;&gt; it's actually so the first thing I wasn't really familiar with the area u but when I first thing when I put it in um put it in the um put it in the map it's actually um uh do you know where Grain Valley is &gt;&gt; is it southwest southeast? Uh can &gt;&gt; it's it's s it's it's kind of southeast. So it's it's about it's about 15 mile uh 15 minutes um it's pretty close. It's 15 minutes east of like Blue Springs. &gt;&gt; Okay. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's pretty it's not that far. You know what I mean? It's actually in a really good So Grain Valley is I looked at places I didn't look at Oak Grove, but I looked at Grain Valley and Grain Valley is like is like a hot kind of path of progress place out and then this place is right next to it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So just kind of this is your OM you're kind of poking through and stuff. Um looking at some of the aerials and all that next to you got a is that an elementary school? What is that? &gt;&gt; It's literally right across the street from elementary school and a middle school. Perfect. Okay, that's good. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, yeah, that's good. Um, you're not going to have a problem with occupancy. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Um, okay. Interesting. All right. Let me get out of that. Let's walk into the financials. Let me see. Let me &gt;&gt; Oh, let me just give you a little bit more background information. So, so I guess the hedge fund has like So, in in the in the financials, there's like a payroll. I guess I guess we can go over that on on there. You'll probably see it on the on the uh T12. Yeah. Yeah. So, let's um just kind of poke through this real quick. So, you got your purchase price in here. You got 30% down. That's fine. 12 units. Uh repair budget in there. You want to NYX out these here so it doesn't mess up your unit count. Just FYI. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So, that's 12. You have your current rents and then you have market rents. Uh what they can be moved to. Uh do they does there any renovation that has to be done to get that rent or can they just be moved to that rent? They they can pretty much be moved to that to that rent. Yeah. The only reason why I had those other two units is that &gt;&gt; um there's supposedly like some big storage place that you could probably &gt;&gt; I mean &gt;&gt; convert into two more units. Yeah. Down the road. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And we can look into that for sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; looking at uh it's 25 miles east of downtown Kansas City. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's uh yeah, that's not um it's not bad. Not not not crazy. That's good. Okay. So, working it here. I'm like kind of looking at your expenses and stuff. Not too crazy. Right, you know, in in line maybe a little bit high, but you not not bad. Not bad. I did increase uh your property management. This will include lease up fees in addition to the PM fee about 8% just to kind of have that in there. um on these smaller complexes. That typically is what ends up happening. And then you have your 10% in here, which is good. Some other income in here, which is good. Your DCR is good over 1.25 on both current and future. So then you start coming down here and you can kind of see that your numbers are still a little light, little light. &gt;&gt; So, you know, there's a couple ways to work into that. But, you know, what I would start doing is, you know, seeing, you know, what this thing plays at, right? And it seems like you're buying at a pretty good price per unit. Um &gt;&gt; yeah, I don't that's why I didn't know about trying to go too much lower. I don't know how. &gt;&gt; And it's a small complex, too. So, you know, um you just want to see how investable it is, but uh in terms of revenue and dollars and cents, but uh so you can kind of see now I'm getting into the metric range, right? &gt;&gt; Where we're, you know, 7% cash on cash IRRa of that. &gt;&gt; I'm going to come over here to the IRRa tab. &gt;&gt; I did notice this one at 8%. Which, you know, you probably could because it's such a small complex in the area, you could probably keep that thing you know, one unit vacant max at a time probably with that thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You're going to be at, you know, 95 96% occupied most the time and then you're going to have some other stuff here and there. So 8%'s not crazy in terms of your economic loss to presume that &gt;&gt; it'll be higher year one and so forth. Um, so that would be okay. And then you're using a 6% cap on an exit. Uh, which is fine. that's fair right now to kind of consider that. Um, you you could get a little bit better with that later down the road. And then I come over here to the waterfall tab. And this is kind of where you had it messed up a little bit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, cuz I I don't know if like I'm going to do this deal as like a like I'm going to try to just like uh JV with somebody on this maybe with Austin or somebody. So I I don't I didn't know how to like &gt;&gt; Okay. how what like recommendations on this. &gt;&gt; Let's start by looking at it as a traditional syndicate first. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; So, let's come up here and your your contribution would be 10%, right? And then 90%. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; That's the contribution amount in terms of dollars. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; And then you're going to have probably a 6% preferred return. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Minimum baseline return to your investors. &gt;&gt; Okay. And that's going to they're going to get until they get that they're getting 100% of all the cash flow until they get their &gt;&gt; then it would go to this kind of 7030 split. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; 30% to you, 70% to the LPS. That's a traditional syndication. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So then it's going to start flowing down here, but you're going to see that the IRRa here is kind of low for the investors, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And their equity multiple is fine. So that kind of plays green. Your cash on cash is not bad. So that's kind of playing in line on the cash on cash. You're just a little bit low in the IR. So what you can do to kind of bump that up a little bit, just depends on how you want to do it. You could come in with a little bit more money for you. So you could do a 20% 80% and start playing with that. And then you could run to a different split, but that gets them up to a 14% IRRa on their money. So then now you're starting to play ball. So, two two on the equity multiple, 14% on the IRRa, and they're making, you know, 7 8% on their cash on cash. That's pretty healthy. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Healthy. And then that would allow you to take something like this down where you're only bringing in 80 grand, right? So, let's let's walk through the math for a second. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So, this is how you would structure it. I'll pull this up. You see my screen there, I think. Okay. So if it were 635 hypothetical let's say it was 600 just for simple math you could pick it up let's say it was 600 right you're going out and getting a loan for in this case would be 70% of that which would be about 420,000 if I'm not mistaken and the balance is going to be is that 80 is that right &gt;&gt; 80 Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, that's basically your equity. &gt;&gt; And then how this game's going to get played is you're going to um How did you have that on here? 783. Hold on. Let me go back to your equity in here. Looking at how you're calculating your loan. 1782529. How does that add up to 394? Yeah, just looking at that equity number looked a little funny. So that's 200 plus your that doesn't make sense. Hold on one second here. &gt;&gt; I did put 25,000 for this rehab. I don't know if &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm adding that up real quick. Um, but it should be 232. I don't understand why. It's adding up some other cell here. It's really weird. Hold on. D4. Fine. Yep. D4 plus D5. It's D8. It's D16 minus your loan amount. Okay. Just trying to know that this doesn't that's weird. Um, let me go to the loan amount here. Yeah. Uh, I don't know why it's doing that, but your down payment should be less than that. uh because you got your rena dollars in there and all that stuff. So you got 600 I plus your closing cost and all that stuff. So we didn't add that in. That's why it's not pulling that up. But um you have a $434,000 loan at least based on this. We'll just use this math. 432 on your loan. And I still don't know why it's saying 394 for your equity, but I'm going to double check this real quick. I mean, it should be less than that. But for the sake of this, let's just say and you were bringing in 20%. That's what we said you would do. So that would be the 78K, right? That's what you're bringing in. The rest is being brought in by investor investors. 315,000. That's how it would be structured. Now, with that, you're also going to get I I'd build in an acquisition fee in there, three 3% on this thing. That'd be about $18,000, right? So, then you're really going to be out of pocket about 60K physically out of pocket. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. And that would be kind of like your physical out of pocket because you're getting that as an acquisition fee coming into the deal. And then that's what you're out of pocket there. Um, and then based on these numbers, your annualized return on your money would be about just uh under 20% a year on your money on your 78K. Plus, you got to remember what's not accounted for here is that when you go structure this thing, just so everybody understands how this works. Yeah, I'm going to look at that. I don't know what's going on there, Leandra. Yeah, like I agree with you about the down payment being added twice. I don't know what's going on there. I'm going to take a look. But so, let's say you're 78K. So, just understand there's you got that number here that he's going to be bringing into the deal. He's going to get this as an acquisition fee. So really he's physically out of pocket 60k. But let me show you how this kind of structures, right? So $600,000. That's how the thing is kind of breaking down. Is everybody tracking me so far? Thumbs up if this makes sense so far. So that way I'm not losing anybody as we kind of go through this. Okay, great. Um, okay, perfect. So let me show you how then now legally we structure this thing. So, let's take this apartment building right here, LLC, right? It's an LLC. You're going to structure it out like this. Your limited partners are over here. You're the general partner over here. Now, what is the name of your holding company, Roy? &gt;&gt; The Holly Nova Group. &gt;&gt; Yeah. L H A L E N O V A LLC. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Actually, we did a uh 7030. Sorry. So, 30% to Nova Group LLC and then you're going to have 70% allocated to your investors over here. Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Now, you are one of your investors. So, this is also Nova down here. And your $78,000 is going right here. Make sense so far? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, this is like a bonus. This is a bonus for you. It's like a tip at a restaurant. If you do a great job, you're getting this 30% tip, but your money is going right here as your own investor in your own deal, which means you're going to get your percentage of this 70% Plus, you're going to get your percentage of the 6% preferred return. And you'll have investor one, two, three, you know, four, probably going to have somewhere in there, give or take, right around there. And then you're 78k and you were literally your own investor in your own deal. So that way you're getting paid just like your investors are. And then when you get a great job and you pay here, you're also going to get this bonus tip over here. Does that make sense? So, your returns will actually probably closer to 25 to 28% a year on your money on your money because you're getting both sides of the equation. Okay? Plus, in addition to this, you're going to get all these fees. You're going to get the acquisition fee, like I said. Then you're going to get an asset management fee, probably 1% of the revenue, plus you're going to do some renovations. So, you're going to get 8% of the construction money to you for construction management fee. Okay? And then you're probably going to want to build in a uh a refi or a sale fee, like a disposition fee of somewhere around 0.5 to 1% of a refinance amount or a sale. Okay, but these are the different types of fees and stuff. And then what's going to be really cool, okay, what's going to be really cool is so you're buying this thing at 600K, right? hypothetically for a minute. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now, you're going to go out and do a cost segregation study, right? And then you're going to bonus depreciate this asset because you're going to hold it for say five years, you're going to bonus depreciate this thing. And because of how uh they uh do land and building, land and building, the uh ratio between the value given to the land versus the value given to the building, it'll be heavier to the building. So, I'd be willing to bet you that if you go out and get a cost egg study on this building, you're going to have probably about $400,000. Probably about $400,000 in um bonus depreciation that you can use to accelerate. So, let me show you how this works. So, $400,000. I'd be willing to bet you that year 1 it'd be somewhere probably around and then years 2 through five. 2 through five, you'd get the other 50k, right? Divided by four years. They break it up evenly. Okay, but the key is this. the first year. How much money are you guys putting into the deal total? As you can see from it, the total is 394, is it not? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Correct. How much is that? &gt;&gt; 350. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, you're almost getting a dollar for dollar on your write off year one. So, what's going to happen is you're putting in 78,000, right? So 78,000 350 hold on divided by 394. So you're getting about an 89% bonus depreciation. That's 350,000 divided by 394,000. 350,000 which is what you're getting with the the bonus appreciation is going to be divided by the amount of money that you're total putting into the deal. And I think that number is lower by the way. It's over calculated here, but I'm just going to use it for math. So you're going to get literally 90 cents on every dollar you invest back as a negative write off against your income for 2025. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, let's say that you knew you were going to have to pay Uncle Sam $60,000 this year. In 2025, you're going to have to pay Uncle Sam 60 grand in income tax this year. In 2025, you're going to invest 78,000 into this multifamily deal. You're going to get 89% of that investment back year one. So 89% times your oops times your 78,000. So, you're going to get a $69,000, pay one for 2025 to hand over to your CPA. So then that $60,000 check that you were going to write to Uncle Sam, bye-bye. Because it went into a real estate asset that now is growing your wealth. Make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So that's the beauty of it. You just saved yourself $60,000 and it didn't go and it didn't go into a black hole in Washington DC. a real estate asset in Missouri that's getting you cash flow, profits, appreciation, fees, wealth growth, generational wealth, financial freedom, all the things you've been screaming about. It just gave it to you and you didn't give it to some black hole in Washington. That's how the game works. And I got the 89% Angelica because I took the what I believe is going to be the presumed uh bonus depreciation calculation. I don't know the exact number, but I'm pretty certain that based on a $600,000 property, right, a $600,000 property, that when they go do the cost seg study, which they would do, about $400,000 of that 600 would be applied to the property to be able to bonus depreciate. That's where I came up with that. And then I knew that a majority of it would come out year one because it comes out over five years. The majority of it comes out after year one. So you'd probably get about 350 of it year 1, the remaining 50,000 of that 400,000 would be years two through five for you and your investors. But the big kicker is year one. Because if you do this every single year and you do a new deal every single year and you know that you have to pay Uncle Sam 60 grand a year hypothetically, then you're just going to invest $60,000 a year and do one deal every single year just like this and rinse and repeat and then you never have to pay taxes again. Now, state income taxes are different. You don't have them in Florida, but state income taxes are different. They don't usually follow the IRS guidelines from the Fed to give you this benefit because this is all under IRS tax code 168K. You can go chat GPT it if you want. Okay. But this is &gt;&gt; question. So, if you have that if you have that 69,000 or 60,000 K1 that you that negative loss that you you have, doesn't that that offsets the tax liability? doesn't it doesn't offset just the income and then you like say if you had $100,000 worth of income it would bring that $100,000 to 40,000 and then now you pay taxes on the 40,000 so is it do you &gt;&gt; yeah so I so there's two ways to look at it right you can look at it like that that's fine I look at it that if I knew that I had a taxable event this year in &gt;&gt; if I knew that I had a taxable event of $60,000 to Uncle Sam, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Would invest that amount of money, probably a little bit more than that, right? I usually probably go like 120% of what I knew I would have to invest. So that way now I would almost get that on a dollar per dollar write off to then go offset what that taxable event would be. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you're right. It would reduce your taxable income. That is correct. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. That is correct. But if you knew what that taxable income was going to be already for 2025 or right around it and usually people can figure this out um based on their current if they're in a W2 or if they're 1099 they can kind of get a general idea about halfway through the year what that may look like. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; And then they can estimate it generally speaking and say okay I think I'm probably going to have to pay Uncle Sam you know 60 70,000 this year hypothetically. So then you would use that as a gauge to go invest, right? And then you get that almost on almost on a dollar per dollar. It's pretty close. It's going to range somewhere between 90 cents like I just showed you all the way up to maybe 120 &gt;&gt; in terms of what you invest in terms of what you get back. Correct. &gt;&gt; Either way, it's free money. &gt;&gt; Either way, it's free money. Yeah. And and if you do it correctly, you'll start to figure it out. And you just need a CPA that most CPAs are not tax strategists, by the way. They're they're good CPAs. Like they can push paperwork and they can calculate numbers and they can plug them into the IRS and they can push it out. They're very good at that. But when it comes to actual tax strategy, most of them aren't in that field very well, right? And so they they're apprehensive about this because they just don't understand, right? And it's kind of funny because when you walk them through that, I just had to walk through my CPA the other day. And I'm like, well, yeah, but and I think he told me, he's like, "Well, yeah, but you have to do that every year." I said, "I know. I know you have to do this every year." And I said, "But then he's like, well, what if you don't have enough time to do a deal?" I said, "Well, that's why you always, if you're going to sell one of your properties, if any of you are ever going to be selling one of your multifamilies, you always sell the property in Q1 of the year. So, if you're going to, because I always hear this thing, too. Well, we're going to have to do what's called recapture on that depreciation." So, when you go sell this thing, they they add that money back in, right? So therefore, you have a higher taxable event when you go sell the property 5 years down the road. &gt;&gt; And my response to that is, I understand that, &gt;&gt; but you'll see that the benefit of doing it far outweighs the negative of it. And then all you do is make sure that you sell the property in Q1 of the year. So therefore, you have three quarters to go find another deal because you know what your taxable event's going to be, correct? Like if you know you're selling it for a million dollars and you know that as an investor you're going to have X amount coming to you. Therefore, you know your capital gains amount is going to be X. That's very easy to figure out. Then you know that you're going to take that money and you have three quarters to go find another deal to go invest it into, do another cost seg study, bonus depreciate it, and wipe out that capital gains event. And you just rinse and repeat. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. or that I hope I didn't get too complicated there. I'm trying to like walk through this thing, but that is how you benefit from it. But you always sell a multifamily deal Q1 of every year if you're going to do one and that way you have three quarters left. It's almost like a backdoor 1031 exchange. Does everybody know what a 1031 exchange is? And if you haven't heard of that term, that's just an that stands for an IRS tax code that allows you to defer income tax by moving the money from one real estate investment property, by the way, has to be an investment property to another investment property. And therefore, you're deferring the tax, okay? By way of using that 1031 exchange to do that. Another way to do it if you don't want to do a 1031 exchange is to go ahead sell the property, but you want to make sure that you do it in Q1 of the year. That gives you three quarters to go find another deal. And then all you're doing is investing your taxable gain amount. So, if I knew I was going to have a taxable event of $100,000 from selling the property, then I would go take a hundred grand or probably $120,000 and go put it into another multif family deal that calendar year. Therefore, then I would run through the same process again, do accelerated depreciation, and wipe out that taxable gain. And then I will do it the next year, and I'll do it the next year, and I'll do it the next year. And therefore, you're avoiding taxes while growing your wealth and it's not going into a black hole in Washington DC. And that's how the people do it. Um, yes, Angelica, your LPs, your investors get their prata percentage of that taxable event just like you. They get to benefit, which is why you are able to attract a lot of money. Happens all the time. We get a lot and and I always educate uh especially if they're high income W2 I always educate them and I say hey like what do you do for a living number one okay so you're you're you have a pretty taxing job 8 10 hours a day going to be pretty hard for you to get the uh real estate professional classification that would give you the most benefits tax-wise but are you married you have a spouse partner ner like what do you have set up? They're like, "Yeah, I have a wife." Great. Okay. Does she work? Is she at home working? Like, what is she doing? Oh, she works from home and then she has the kids. And I say, "Beautiful." I said, "Well, she's going to go get her real estate license." So, now you guys file jointly. You're going to come invest into this multifamily deal. Cuz he's like, "Well, yeah. I'm going to have like a $200,000 taxable event this year." I said, "Beautiful. You're going to invest 250,000 into the deal. Now, because your wife has the real estate professional status when you get the negative K1 statement that we're going to give you by investing with us, now you're going to take that $250,000 uh negative K1 statement. You're going to give it to your CPA. And now, because you and your wife file jointly and she's a real estate professional and you're a doctor, you get to wipe out capital gains and your doctor income. Bye-bye. You're going to reduce that income by 250,000 bucks. Pretty substantial. Saves a ton of money. Which is why you'll attract investors because they're sitting there going, "Let me get this straight. I can give $250,000 to Uncle Sam and it goes into a black hole and I never see it again." Or I can take the 250, put it into a multifamily apartment building, get cash flow, get wealth appreciation, get all the tax benefits. I own a multif family apartment building. I'm building wealth. I'm a passive investor. I don't have to do any of the work and I'm just collecting checks and I'm avoiding taxes. Sign me up. You see how that game can work? Like that's why it's great. And you always need to preach the tax side of it because that's really until people finally calculate it and then they see it physically. They don't get it. Like they they don't understand that this is really a game of preserving wealth and avoiding taxes. The money and the cash flow and all that stuff's great, but this is really about how do you keep the money you make. This is that's really what it's about. That make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hey, Justin, real quick. If I don't know if you have time for this, but how would I schedule this or put the numbers in the in the analyzer like if I wanted to take down this deal without a traditional syndication? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So then what you would do, I'll share with &gt;&gt; just just to make sure it works, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, it'll it'll work. It's just at what price? All you're changing is where the money's coming from, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So, all you would do is you would come in here and now you're going to be the main investor. &gt;&gt; I would just change the split here &gt;&gt; and I would go would You're saying you just take this down yourself or 50/50 with somebody else? &gt;&gt; Yeah. 50/50 with somebody else or something like that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, you change the amount of money coming in. So, you'd bring in 50, they would bring in 50. Now, are you going to do all the work? &gt;&gt; Probably. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. So you're still going to get a major. You're going to now change the shares here. So you're going to probably go to a 60. They're going to go to a 40 because you're bringing in equal money with them &gt;&gt; and doing all the work. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. So it should change in your favor. &gt;&gt; So it probably looks somewhat like that. We're 50/50 on the money hypothetically and that could change. Maybe you bring in 40% of the money. They bring in 60. You tweet, you you can adjust it. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But that allows then now you're going to be in the driver's seat because you're not only doing you're doing the work plus the capital, right? Work plus capital. So you should now be getting a majority of the deal because of what you're doing. Okay. &gt;&gt; You can use that that one spreadsheet thing that you had where it kind of allocates what what who does what and the percentage kind of. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can do that. And that's usually reserved for bigger deals. &gt;&gt; Think of this. And you see how you see the numbers I'm getting here. &gt;&gt; So that thing about 14% projected returns annually on their money. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; They're getting great cash on cash. So this may work because it's a smaller deal &gt;&gt; and you're bringing an investor and you're saying, "Listen, man. I'm gonna give you 14% a year on your money." &gt;&gt; Yeah. and your cash on cash around 8 n% on the cash on cash and an equity multiple close to two. So if you give me 100 grand, right, I'm giving you 100 200 grand back. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. So, and if you want and if they're like, nah, that's not good enough. Okay. Let's tweak it out a little bit. Let's go ahead and make this, you know, 55, you know, 45. You can kind of play with the numbers a little bit. Then you come down here and you're going to start to see, okay, now he's close to 16%. Annualized return and you still have a majority of the deal, 55%, they're getting 45 and then that's how it works. So &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; And if you just say you're doing it all by yourself, you just would make it all 100. &gt;&gt; Correct. That's right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If you're coming in here, you would basically go 100. &gt;&gt; Yeah. 100 and zero zero just like that. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And this would be 100 there. And then the GP thing would be 100 equity structure. &gt;&gt; That's right. You'd come up here at 100 and that would be zero. And you basically just wipe it all out. So it may it's probably going to mess up because it's it's designed to &gt;&gt; Oh, right. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; But it's fine. You just need to know that at the end of the day, you're making the whole kitten kaboodleoodle, which is about 15.3% per year, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And that's not into to take into consideration if I build out that put two more units inside there. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That's all that's all gravy. Yeah. You don't want to underwrite to that. That's just a bonus. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you know, this is not even taking into consideration the tax advantages yet. &gt;&gt; Um because this this uh analyzer is not designed to do that. That's supposed to be pretty simple for everyone to just from a property level. Um, but just know that you're going to make more than 15% a year because you're really going to save a bunch of money &gt;&gt; uh through the tax advantages and now and now now you're almost going to be able to ride off almost 400 grand. I mean, I know that this number is different. We got to I got to figure this out. I don't know why it's doing that. It's really weird. Um, yeah, it's really strange. Let me answer a couple questions real quick before we finish up because I know that there's some folks in here. Um, so yeah, Angelica, that is correct. I answered that. They're going to get Yes, your LPs, your investors will get their percentage of the tax write-offs. So that's a huge huge advantage of why people invest in these deals. Um, uh, if I was a real estate agent, too, does that afford me the commission on the purchase sale? Technically, yes, Vincent. Uh, it does if there is one. Keep in mind in commercial real estate, um, there aren't really buyers agents. I mean, there kind of are, but, there's really not there. I mean, a little bit in this space, but not really. And yes, I mean, technically, you could double dip on the fees. Normally, you wouldn't do that. Uh, but if the seller's paying it, per se, yeah, you could build it in there. There's no reason not. It's not coming out of your investor's pockets, per se. Um, it's coming out of really the seller's closing cost to you. So, that would be fair. Um, yeah. So, there's really four main benefits, four main benefits to why people invest into commercial assets, specifically even multif family. The first and foremost is the cash flow. The second reason is the appreciation, right? You're getting from it. The third is the tax advantages. The fourth is the inflation game. Okay? The inflation game. And I would almost put a fifth in there. The fifth is uh tax-free debt. Tax-free debt. And what do I mean by that? If I can actually get to Let me pull up. I'm gonna end that one. Oops. I'm ending this. Hold on one second because when you go do refinances and stuff like that, I mean the beauty of any commercial asset and any debt you take out, debt is taxree. When you take out debt, it's tax-free money. So you have to look at it in the sense of the IRS. I do here. What did I do to myself? Uh oh. I may have screwed myself up. I'll figure that out. But let me give you an idea. So, let's say for example, um I take the property like you're going to go buy this thing. Let me stop sharing so you can see it on the big screen. We'll finish up. Um so, let's say I buy the property for a million5. Okay. with investors. And then we go ahead and we put in 400 grand to it in renovation dollars and we have closing costs of maybe 200,000 whatever that is. Right? So that's six with that. So we're at 2.1 million. Right now we go and we renovate the property. Fast forward 24 months. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Can you hear me? Hello Roy. Can you hear me? Oh, yeah. I can hear you. Sorry. Okay. Yeah. So, 24 months later, you've taken the value by renovating it, you've now taken the value to say $3 million. Okay? $3 million. Now, this is where the fund becomes. So, now you go out and you get a 70% loan on 3 million, which is $2.1 million. You go get a 70% loan. That's $2,100,000. Okay, that 2,100,000 pays off the million5. I take take that back. So you have that. Let me see what your total loan is going to be on that. You take out your closing cost. Let's say 1 n times 7 So you'd have about a million3 loan. So that 2.1 would pay off a million3 loan because that's what your loan amount would be over here. Okay? You'd have that plus your rena a million9. That's what you know you'd probably get 70% on that. Okay? So a million3 loan you get that pays off. So now you have is that uh 7800 let's call it for simple math $800,000 left over. Okay, this is all taxree. That's all taxree. So then what you do with that $800,000 is you have a couple options. You can pay off your investors. You can go buy another property. You can go buy some Ferraris. I don't know. You get the point, right? You have options and it's taxfree money. Taxfree money. So with that 800 grand now you can come in here and you could pay off your investors, pay them back, right? All of their money because you probably had about 700 something,000 in there if you were 21 all in minus 1330. So that's 770,000. That's pretty much, you know, what you had in this deal of $2.1 million. You had about that. Let me make sure. Yeah, you probably had somewhere between 6 to $700,000 in the deal. Let's just say 600K. So, you're going to I mean, you could pay all that back. Pay everybody and you could wipe out your investors. Just take them out. Give them back all their returns. Give them back all their equity. And now think about what you just did with tax-free money. You just used the property for the last 24 months. You made a bunch of money in that process. You renovated the property, jacked up the value, used all this benefit to then turn around, pay off your investors, and now you have a 100% of that deal. And you and all you did was bring in probably 10% of that. you probably brought in 60K. Plus, with the million five, you got 30K as an acquisition fee. So, you probably only had 30,000 out of pocket. I want you to think about how ridiculous that is. You had 30,000 out of pocket. You got control of a multi-million dollar deal. You renovated it with you and investors. You allowed the tenants to pay everything and control all the expenses to pay everything off. And then 24 months later, now the value is at 3 million. You go out and take a loan on it. That's taxfree money. You pay off all your investors and now you take 100% control of that asset. And your investors are happy because they got all their money back and their returns. So they're like, "Sweet. Where's the next deal?" And now you have 100% control of a multi-million dollar asset and you used it with $30,000 out of pocket. And this does not even include the tax benefits. This is simply cash flow and money. You see like what I'm talking I mean it's ridiculous. Like you're like, "Is this real? Is this legal? Yeah, it seems ridiculous. Um, is the investor equity multiplier prrated by the year? Um, pro. Oh, the equity multiple. No, it's the total amount, which means I think that's what you're asking, Vincent. The equity multiple. That's one of the metrics. So, if it's like at two, meaning that what that means is if I give you a h 100red grand, you're going to give me $200,000 back. And that's over the life of the deal, right? So that's an equity multiple. How much would we pay off the investors the 70% of the appreciating value for that year? You'd pay them off as much as you could or as much as you wanted. I mean, if you had 800 grand, you technically can pay off 100% of their initial investment plus you could pay them returns because they got to get their returns out of it up to that point, right? Up to that point. And then that's it. Or you can decide. You don't have to pay them squat. You could just technically take this money with investors and say, "Hey, we want to go buy some more deals." And with everybody's approval, you could do that. But with a cash out refi, typically what you would want to do is you would pay this off and reduce your investor's liability into your deal and then take more control of it. That would because then your investors are fine. They're like, "Sweet. I get my money back in 24 months and I get my return with it." They're going to be like, "Sign me up for another deal. Like, let's go." I mean, I got my return plus all my money back in 24 months and I made great return on my investment. Like, let's go. So, that's what they would I mean, investors would love that. That's like burn and turn. That's velocity of money. So, if you can and that happens, we've done that a few times. So, this game happens and it's great. doesn't always work out right now in higher interest rate environments. It's a little tougher, right? A little tougher, but it can happen and it will come back and it'll happen again. Um, no, you never promise anything, Angelica. It's always projected. So, when you go in there, it's always, hey, your projected returns are Yeah. There's no guarantees because they're in an equity position, right? No different than you. There is risk, but it's risk adjusted, right? There's always risk. It's just what are you doing? Keep in mind what you're buying. You're not buying an asset that has no cash flow and you have to feed it every month. You're buying an existing asset that has tenants in it that's cash flowing. It's paying for itself. It's running itself. All you're doing is coming in and taking over that, improving the operations, improving the property so you can raise the rents and increase the value of the property and then pull this off. That's all you're doing. Yeah. But you're buying an asset that's already turning. You're buying a business that's already working. That's what you're doing. And then you're just improving it and value adding it. So, um, but yeah, you never never want to promise anything. It's always, "Hey, John, your projected returns on this deal are 18% a year based on the numbers we have here." And that's how you would do it. Yeah. Um, can you expand on inflation gain? Well, yeah. If you think about what happened, and it's it's leveling out now, right? But Bruce, uh, if you look at from pretty much like 2020 through 2023ish, maybe 2024, you know, we had pretty rapid inflation. We watched it happen. So, what happened with it is even though um, let's take the property um, that was saved $2 million. Let me just do this and we'll finish up right here. We got 3 minutes left here. So, let's say the property was $2 million, okay? And you've owned it for a little while and you have a loan on it, right? That loan is say, you know, a million, I don't know, a million three and that's a fixed rate. Let's say 5.5% hypothetically. That's your loan, fixed rate debt, 5.5%. And then you have your equity in it of say 700,000. Okay? And this thing is pumping out some cash flow because the rents are you know I don't know rents are 10K expenses are uh uh at least let's call it 5K just for 50% just for simple math. And so you got 5K and then you have your loan at 3K. So you got 2K in cash, right? So when inflation happens, right, what's fixed and what's variable? Your loan payments fixed. So this 3K doesn't change. Check. Your cash flow is going to increase because what's going to happen with inflation? Rents are going up. So now this is going up. Your expenses will go up too, but this may this may be going up at, you know, 2x and this is going up at 1x in terms of speed, right? Your expenses go up, but not at the same rate typically as your rents. This is usually velocity faster. So, your income is rising, which means that your NOI is rising. And then how do you establish value on a property? the value equals NOI over the cap rate. So if the value of the property, if my NOI is going up, cap rates are staying constant. So I can take that net operating income from say uh in this case it was uh uh what I got 5K 5K NOI and then with inflation it goes up to 6K NOI right simple math I take it over the exact cap rate if this was 6% and this was 6% % 5,000 / 06 83,000 6,000 / is 100,000. So you can see how inflation protects you when you own commercial assets. the value of the building is just going up and I'm doing nothing but just operating it correctly and allowing the market to do what it's doing as long as I have fixed rate debt. The key, you have to have fixed rate debt, which most people do now, but a lot of people didn't have. Um, but that's the key factor is you need to fix as many things as possible and allow natural inflation to pull you out. So, um, cool. All right, everybody. I know we're right tight on time. I want to be respectful of your time. Hope this was helpful and kind of walking through this deal and looking at the different aspects of it, right? The different aspects of it. So, looked at everything from the money in, the money out, how you would adjust it, uh whether you're going to take it down yourself because this is a smaller deal, 12 units, or you take it down with investors and what that would look like using the deal analyzer and the OM and all that. And then really jumping into the tax side of it to see how you would structure that thing out. So, uh, any questions before we finish off? Take one more question real quick. &gt;&gt; Justin, I had one real quick question. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, if I needed some help with someone like just analyzing a little bit more of that T12 with me, like who who could I reach out to help me with that a little bit? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So when you say analyze the T12, you're saying just look at the numbers a little deeper. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So two things with that. So before you do that, we have there is a video on the back end that does walk through a T12 with you in grave detail on what to look for to take a look at that first. Secondly, you can just send it in and ask specific questions like, hey, look at this line, this line, and this line, and this is what I'm thinking. What are you seeing? And that will &gt;&gt; yeah the team can respond back to that specifically &gt;&gt; to to that support email. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; And then what'll happen is once you actually get into the deal, right? You're actually in the escrow. &gt;&gt; That's where even handholding will happen closer because then the financial analysis because now you're getting down and dirty and you want to see all the detail and you want to verify all the numbers and so that's kind of where we'll come in and handhold you even further. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Sounds good. You bet. Awesome everybody. Thank you so much. I hope this was helpful today and we'll get this recorded and up in your portal, but this was cool walking through this little 12un deal on how it was structured. So, &gt;&gt; you bet. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you.