Hello, hello, hello. There's all the smiley faces. Happy Tuesday. How's everybody doing? Chime in. Say hi. Bring that exciting Taco Tuesday energy. You got Carlos in here coming in here. Beautiful. Good to see you. Brian, Bill, Chad, good to see you, my man. Mr. Scott, Allan, Christian, Kurt, Jason, Helena, how are you? Do you have like 400,000 more subscribers now? &gt;&gt; Not yet. &gt;&gt; Or or followers? &gt;&gt; Not yet, but very soon. How about your followers? &gt;&gt; Growing slightly. Growing slightly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but keep going. &gt;&gt; Uh Dean, how are you? I see you in here as well. Beautiful. We got Julio in here. Great. Awesome. Okay. Uh, we're gonna start off by actually analyzing one deal that Mar um um that I think Mario sent in here. Let me double check it just to make sure. Or actually, Manuel, I think Manuel sent it in. So, we're going to check that one out real quick and then open up some Q&amp;A. Um, but I did want to ask all of you first and cuz we're going to um also bring in in addition to kind of our our vendors and partners and lending partners and all that, having them come on Tuesday evening calls for about 15 20 minutes of it. um outside of having a lender on um attorneys, um other capital partners, maybe even cost sagg and bonus depreciation. Um are there any additional kind of folks that you would like us to have on that you can kind of think out of the box? I'd like maybe an inspector, someone that could tell us what, you know, that their high level view of what they look for when they go through and do the inspections. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Maybe even narrowing it down even further. You have general inspector, right? But then having maybe even a master plumber or the HVAC guys that inspect a lot of the buildings um give their two points on that and maybe even some general cost analysis and stuff. Okay. So, some of the subs for the inspection side. No, that's a good thought. It's a really good thought. Kurt, you were about to say something. &gt;&gt; No, no, I'm just fixing my &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Uh any any other kind of people you guys would like to hear from? And it doesn't necessarily need to be multif family based. Could it be uh even mindset coaches, motivational coaches, other folks like that that we can bring on that you guys? I mean, we'll come up with a list of folks and just bring them on, but I want to get some feedback first if you have any. Uh we'll bring them on these Tuesday calls for about 20 minutes in the beginning and then get into some other stuff. I see Chad Cox coming in. Um Justin, what what I would like what you were saying like mental coaches like maybe somebody who can guide you in things what you should say in which way because I've been looking on the on the Facebook a lot and now this thing with like salesersons how you do say things matters and &gt;&gt; yeah so so that would be maybe also something that would be worthwhile to uh to investigate. &gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah. There is uh what do they say? It's it's not what you say, it's how you say it. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And that is true &gt;&gt; because people do pay attention to those words and they'll pick up on things and tonalities and things which can make an impression. And the people you're trying to impress, you know, you got really two big groups. the brokers, right, who get you the deal flow and then the uh the capital repers, too. I think Chad, I think you're in. You may have two um microphones in here. I just muted you though. Um okay. Yeah, I love that. Appreciate that feedback. Uh, let me share this deal and then I do want to get some updates from any of you on uh, deals you're analyzing, offers you're writing, um, push back you're getting, if you're getting anything from the brokers. Um, is Chutna in here? I think is Chutna. No, she is not yet. Um, she shared something which I thought was great. So, um, she's traveling out. She went into Cincinnati. She was going into Columbus, Ohio. She wasn't getting enough deal flow, so she shifted it a little bit to Cincinnati, Ohio. And she was having a hard time getting the brokers to um call her back. And you know, I don't know if it was a woman thing because it is dominated by men in the commercial space. Weren't giving her the time of day, weren't respecting her. I don't know. Who knows, right? Who knows? I'm not going to guess. Um, but we said, "Hey, you know, do the trip out there and then, you know, we're going to do another one-on-one trip here soon. Uh, but I want to I want you to get out there in front of them and then go through this process and tell me the feedback that you get um from that." And I thought that was really telling because she was texting just today um as I was following up with her and she said, "Yes, definitely. I think the face to face made them take me more seriously to start sharing pre-market deals, which I'm finally getting. Um, we're going to be taking the trip out there soon, maybe a couple more properties, meet the lenders, property managers, etc. Um because now all of a sudden the game's changed because they've met her personally. They see her website. They see what she's set up. It's not a hobby. She's taking it seriously. She knows the market. She can illustrate. She can underwrite deals and explain this to the brokers who listen, they're getting, you know, bombarded and solicited every day. So now it made it more personal. And so now the deal flow is starting to happen. That should have happened beforehand. It shouldn't have taken that. But it's amazing how that does make a difference. And all of you that have done that so far and gotten through that process of the market trip in terms of the uh road map, now you start to see more. And I know Brian it helped with you. Are you going to ink that baby? What do you think? So, the LOI is supposed to be sent back by the end of the day and signed by the uh bank &gt;&gt; from them. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; I like it. I like that. That's an interesting deal, man. &gt;&gt; It is. &gt;&gt; I think everybody in here may be interested. They may want to try and partner with you, &gt;&gt; you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's definitely I got lucky. It was one of those, you know, and you just threw it at me and said, "Hey, this is one of those offmarket deals." Um, &gt;&gt; so explain that real quick. I think that's helpful. Explain kind of how you how the deal came about. Don't have to give, you know, details of the deal right now, but um how it came about. Uh because it is a bank-owned deal, right? But they just haven't put it out to the market. &gt;&gt; Correct. So, it was a it was a broker that me, Doug, and Sandy met when we were in Memphis, the Woodyards. Um, and the son is the one that I was talking to before we went out there. And, uh, &gt;&gt; late last week, no, I'm sorry, early last week, so a week ago, Monday, um, he hit me up and he said, "Hey, I finally," because I've been just grinding on them, doing my research and, you know, sending over LOIs and they're like, "Yeah, it's not going to work on this deal. You know, you you want fundamentals and they're buying the sky." So, basically tell me, you know, we're doing what's right. And I said, "Okay, well, when the numbers finally make it to where it makes sense, then um, you know, I'll jump on a deal." And uh so then he called me up early last week and said, "Hey, uh I've got this pocket listing. Basically just came to me from a bank. Here's the executive summary." Um and uh so I wrote an LOI on it, did the fundamentals, did the um you know, analyzed it and uh went at the bank um about 400 grand less than what they were wanting on the executive summary. They countered in the middle. Um and then I did the numbers and it was still pretty good deal. And so I said, "Yep, I'll take that." Um, and uh, so I said, "Okay, I'll accept it." And that's basically how it happened. I mean, it was just an offmarket deal. And he knew that basically I was waiting for a good deal before I'd come into the market. I wasn't going to buy crap that they kept throwing at me. Um, and uh, so he said, "All right, let's see what you're about. Basically, put your money where your mouth is." And so, you know, he wanted um proof of funds and a bunch of other things that kind of went along with um you know, getting them into the and he goes, "Once you get this first deal done," he goes, "It'll it's all going to be way easier once you get it done." But, I mean, it's actually a fully rened um property. He was just out there today. I got off the phone with him right before the call. Um landscaping's great. Everything's great. They did an amazing rena and so um still waiting to figure out why it went into foreclosure. Um, but the bank owns it and so, um, he goes, "Hey, if you can get it done, we'll give it to you before it ever goes on market." And so that's where we ended up. &gt;&gt; What's the current occupancy? Is it like a bad occupancy deal? &gt;&gt; No, it's actually at 85%. Um, so &gt;&gt; that's just that I I can guarantee it. It It's a bad debt. It's a bad debt deal. Meaning the um &gt;&gt; they they must have variable rate debt something in there. Yeah. So, the I mean it was I think the occupancy was pretty bad. Um that uh because there I'm looking at the rent rolls and you can see like a few of them are monthto month. Um it's it's kind of soft in that area. There's two other complexes um that are just really remodeled really nicely and so that's there's a lot of pressure but um I think coming out of it it's priced right that coming out of it you know once that um supply gets sucked in that it's going to be fine and so for the price per door um in Memphis in that area um with the the Renault it's actually I mean it's the best deal I've seen in Memphis so far and so I was lucky to jump on it um but the the only caveat is I mean the neighborhood's decent but literally literally the the corner store. There was a murder there back in February. But they kind of chuckled. They were like, "It's a little incident. It's Memphis. We don't we don't watch the news. It's fine because it's right in downtown the medical district." I'm like, "Yeah, I'm I'm not going to pay attention to it either." He's like, "Ah, you did your research and found that." I'm like, "Well, it's right on the corner." You know what I mean? Of course, I'm going to Google the the store on the corner. &gt;&gt; Just a just a little murder, you know? &gt;&gt; Little incident is what he said. Just a little incident. &gt;&gt; Little incident. Oh, perfect. Well, yeah, thanks for sharing. That's interesting. So, uh, but it came through the the broker relationships, which is perfect. That's ultimately at the end of the day where it's going to come from. So, yeah. No, it was just it was nice to hear that from Cetna and having that improve for her. Um, as she's looking for deals in the Cincinnati market. I know Jason's also doing Cincinnati and stuff. So, great to hear. And if you're ever running into hurdles where the brokers aren't getting back to you, I mean, let's chat about it. Let's chat through it. but picking up the phone, dialing for dollars, and connecting with these brokers. I mean, and then getting out there in the market. Uh, I mean, I remember when I did my first deal trip, it was to Kansas City, M Missouri, and it was like January like 14th or something like that. It was negative -3. I mean, and I did my my trip. It was crazy. And I did it, but I'm like, I'm getting it done now because then by the springtime, we had our first deal. Um, so you know, making that trip and doing that is is a big component to, uh, getting over the hurdle of some of the brokers. So, uh, &gt;&gt; I will say that is one thing they said before the bank, um, would sign the PSA with me. They want me back out in market to meet them. He goes, they'll ink the LOI. He goes, but they're going to want to meet you before. So, I'm headed out next week again. But that was the only like real objection that the bank had. They want to put eyes. So just basing that relationship again like and getting out there and meeting people like the bank wants &gt;&gt; and we could even do a face not with the bank but if you want to I'd like to FaceTime the property be curious when you're out there. So that's cool &gt;&gt; for sure. &gt;&gt; Um so this property is in uh Macallen I think it's Macallen uh Texas if I'm not yeah Macallen Texas. um 44 unit deal asking 3 million. He's adjusted it uh to the pricing of 2.7 based on putting about I'm going to zoom in on this thing so you guys can see it all. Um based on 37% down 44 units putting in roughly 220,000 bucks. So what is that? Uh 5,000 6,000 a unit on that front. Um, and he's going to put in the rena as part of the um the down payment equity and you're looking at about a million3 needed for this. So, you're putting a decent amount down senior loan. Let me see what he's got here. Why is it showing so much equity? Let's take a look. Let's see what's going on here. Okay. Oh, okay. That makes sense now. Yeah, I was just looking at the the equity side of it, but that now that makes sense. And this is why you have the sources and usage over here so you can really understand um where that loan amount and where the equity is coming from. Um but taking the rents, you know, he's going to move them up. I mean, not a ton. So that's why he's not bumping the the the renovations too much because you're only going up by about 60 70 bucks. You would like to see on average, you know, about $150 to $200 bumps ideally. Um but it still hits the metric. So this see uh which makes sense right? You want to be at 18% or greater on this kind of return on cost for your renovation metric he is there because he's only putting like what 5,000 bucks a unit. So, because of that, like if this went up and let's say he was going to do, I don't know, uh, if he was going to do even 300,000 bucks, right, that's probably going to put him out of the metric there, right? So, now he's changing the IRS, changing all that stuff. So, you're not getting the, what do they say, the juice out of the squeeze. So, that's why you want to be tactful with how you do your rena to make sure, and there's no perfect science to it. You're just saying, "Hey, if I put in 5,000 bucks a unit and do XYZ, I believe I can move the rents, you know, from here to here, from here to here." That's essentially what he's doing. He's taking it, you know, call it a hundred bucks for these guys, a little over 100 bucks here, and so forth. So now his job is to I'm sorry, his job is to verify these rents that he's taking it to. So, and bumping these things, guy these up. Um, so interesting. if you can pull that off. Um, expenses are right in line, you know, for a property that's, you know, 1993, so a little newer property. Um, but, you know, expenses are a little bit high for that, but not terribly crazy because it's in Texas with the insurance and the taxes. Um, he's he's pretty much in line there with good vacancy and economic loss numbers. I think he should probably run this thing closer to what it currently is at 14%. I think that would be fair. But the numbers work, right? The numbers work. And then he needs to adjust this. So see how he missed this this economic loss number. He's got to carry all of this forward. So even he's 13 and a half. I'd probably go to 11 for these guys to keep it in there. Um because that's going to change his Oh, see now his IRRa changed. So he's got to adjust this now. That was a big a big adjustment cuz he didn't keep in his economic loss numbers all the way across. So see now things change, right? So now he can't pay 27. Either he has to bump the rents, find a way to bump the rents or this needs to go down to probably 25. And then now he's there. Well, you're close. Still not there. So you're probably two two4 now. You're there. You're in line. So 24 on a $3 million property, at least what they're requesting. It's either that or find a way to get these rents to bump up further or find a way to squeeze these expenses more. You know, this seems a little bit high for a 1993 property. So I'd probably look at that a little bit. He should probably be running in the the mid40s for something like that. So, I would definitely be looking at Yeah, these numbers seem super high. Um, I mean, it's not crazy for the taxes, but the insurance um I'd be double checking those numbers. Management's fine. Yeah, this should be running right around like 46 48%. Um, so sometimes what I'll do in here is I'll just put in a negative number and try and get us down just as a placeholder right around there. So that should be kind of where it should sit. um right there for that that age of asset you know like if you follow this here and it's kind of showing you it's giving you the guidance right so 1980 2010 35 to 45% so I'm I'll be at the upper end of that range on your expense ratio and that'll help out his numbers right it's helping this out so it could give him some more room to to pay a little bit more for it And what's great, so let's let's run a scenario here where let's assume for a minute 3 years from now that interest rates really drop and they drop to 5 and a4%. Okay, so I'm going to come over here and the interest r%. Hypothetically, uh, can he do rubs? Yes, he can. Um, yeah, he can absolutely do rubs here. I don't know what's in this number here. This is the other income number, Kurt. So, I'd have to dig into what's in that number. And I'll show you here. I'll show you the OM here in just a minute. We'll dissect the the broker's offering memo um here in a second to kind of show you the numbers. But with that, if he did a refinance, right now he does not have a refinance in place, but if he did a refinance at 5 and a/4% right around year three, let's see what happens. Curious. So, as cash on cash is still good, the IRRa goes up. Equity multiple is fine. It drops a little bit, but it's fine. But I want to show you the cash flows on that. So he's going to do this and I'm going to show you the waterfall. So let's walk through this. So here's the kind of the overall arching cash flows on the deal. It's coming in from the proforma, right? You got all these numbers right here at the end of the day. That's the property level. Then we're going to break it down to the investor level and that's what the waterfall does. So he's got an 8020 here. I think he could make this more of a 7030. Let's see how that works here. 7030. And I want to see a 6% preferred return, not an eight. Let's see what that does to the investors. Yeah, that's pretty still pretty good. Still pretty good. I mean, you could squeeze that a little bit better, but let's walk through this. So, you know, million257 goes out, right? That's the total amount out. That includes your money, their money, everybody's money. Now, you have the cash flows coming in. you have to pay the preferred return first. So that's getting paid here, right? So out of this 57,000. So this is kind of where acred money comes in. You only have 57,000 bucks year one, which is not uncommon. So you can't even pay the full amount of the preferred return, which is 67 grand. So you're going to acrue 10 of it. That's what that means. And it gets added to the balance in the next year. And then you're going to have 107,000 the following year. So, you're going to pay that's 78 and then you're going to have about 29,000 that'll get distributed uh coming out on top of the preferred return and then that's going to get split by this and by that number by these two numbers here. Total is that broken up between these two. So this is general partner, right? This is limited partner. And then it's flowing here. You see this number and this number. So that's adding in your cash flows plus your preferred return. So the investors, which also includes you by the way, are making good money. Then you get the refinance event. So you see how that that's happening here. You get this big refinance event. You get a million dollars out of the property on the refi and that's coming through. So, it's going to pay down your preferred return and it's going to pay down uh the balance. So, now see now your balance here drops down. So now no longer do you owe a million to and change. Now your balance drops down substantially that you owe to the investors. So now your preferred return drops down that you have to pay them. And then all this money is flowing down here. So you can kind of step it down if you're kind of watching it. I know it gets granular here, but I wanted to go through this waterfall so you'd understand kind of the details of how the money's flowing down from both the property level down to the investor level. I got a question the other day from Julian who just closed on his 23 unit and we were going through some of the logistics now that now he owns the building. He's like, "Okay, property manager is in place. Great." Uh then he got into, hey, how do I um how do I manage the investors? &gt;&gt; I I don't know where I where when he done that. &gt;&gt; Hold on. &gt;&gt; Where where did you go? &gt;&gt; I'm muting you, Michael. &gt;&gt; There we go. Um and he asked, you know, how do I manage the investor's money? How do I manage the investor's money? You guys have a capital accounts um spreadsheet in your backend that looks like this. I'll show you. You can download it. And this is how you would manage your investors. Um so I'll show you this. It's not that one. There we go. So, I'm gonna unshare this and let me share this. I know it's a lot of detail tonight, but I wanted to go through this. So, this is your capital account tracking. I'll zoom in so you can actually view it. Okay. So, you'll come in here. Everything in blue, same as before, you would edit. So, fiscal year, don't have to touch that. your preferred return whether that's six or 8% you would plug that in your split that you have between you and the investors. So if it was a 7030, it'd go like this in that form. And then you all your class A investors, right? So this would be, you know, investor one and then if they had an entity LLC, maybe they had a trust, then it would be maybe their personal name. Anyhow, you you'd label them all in there. You're also going to put yourself right here, too. You are your own class A limited partner. So your money that you're bringing into the deal goes right here. Does that make sense? Thumbs up if that makes sense. So you're adding yourself into the capital as an as your own investor in your own deal. The money you're putting in is buying shares in your own deal. Then you get kind of your bonus. So you would still put in a dollar figure down here. Totally fine. You could be $1. It doesn't really matter. You're just putting a placeholder in there. So this would be Brennan Pulley Group LLC 2 because you are the general partner class B investor. So now you this gets broken up by quarter on how this capital account works. And so let's get to let's say in this case let's say it's uh you you closed like Julian just did. You closed in the second quarter. So this would be second quarter 20 26. That's how I would start my first spreadsheet. You have different tabs down here, right, that you could just copy and make a new tab for each year of the deal. But let's say it's second quarter 2026 and we're going to come in here in the end of June. He's not going to distribute any money. He's not going to have any money to distribute. So that one's going to be fine. You're going to zero all these guys out, right? So that zeros out. Now you're going to come to the third quarter. So let's say that's third quarter 2026. Oops. And let's say he's got, I don't know, $7,000 that he can distribute. So that's cash available. So at the end of the quarter, they do all the financials. He finds out, hey, I can distribute 7,000 bucks. Okay. So he's going to this is how much he can. This is how much he's going to. and the preferred return, let's say that that was, you know, 3500 bucks. So that's going to be accounted for. And then the delta, right, that he's going to distribute above the preferred returns 3500. So now it starts putting all the numbers down here for you. Okay? You're going to change your dates and stuff here. You'd have your starting date here. So all that would get altered so that way you can track your investors and track what you're paying them. And then you would pay them right out of the bank account. So that was another question Julian had is, okay, well great. So I know how much to pay them, but like what do I pay them and how? Uh it comes right out of the bank account. So if you have your Bank of America or your Chase or whatever bank all the money's in, you would set up their names and you would do an a direct deposit a direct to your investors and yourself right out of the bank account. and you could track that for each quarter. Does that make sense? Because it's just a, you know, I know it's logistical details, but this is the type of stuff that, you know, once you close on the deal that you'll have to just handle and then eventually, like I have a data guy that'll do it for me now. So, I just make sure the numbers that the high numbers look good uh in the capital account thing and then he'll go in and do all the statements and send everything out and get it out to the investors. And I have a VA that does that for 80 bucks a quarter. So, it's super cheap. So, all of you that have the deals, that's what you'll go through. Beautiful. So, let me go back to that deal real quick and then we're going to open it up to some Q&amp;A. &gt;&gt; I have a question about that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. uh do you have a person in your team uh for these kind of transfers or uh is something automatically because I think that you if you are managing a lot of deals you can't make the transfer for its investor right &gt;&gt; correct yep so yes there's a couple ways to automate it um I'm just always really um I want to know all the money So, uh I have a hard time giving access to bank accounts to to um to like a third party VA like that. Like I would give it to a close employee or something. Sure. And then they could make the transfers and then you would just go in and verify it, right? Um but yes, that can be done as long as they have the guidance and the access to the account. Um, and then you guys have dual access. So that way you could you could go in there and do that. Um, but anybody can do that on on your team, anybody's team. Uh, you could have a VA do it. You would just want to feel comfortable with them, &gt;&gt; right? Because &gt;&gt; it's not in charge of the property manager, right? &gt;&gt; No. Yeah. I would never um Yeah. Two things you never want to do. Never let the property manager set up your bank account. &gt;&gt; They'll try and do that. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, when you when you hire a property manager, one of the things they put into their management contract is, "Oh, we'll we'll go ahead and set up a you know, management account and all that stuff for you and all the money will come in there and and we'll we'll manage it and we'll run it." That's the way they hook and sync you because in the event you have to fire their ass, what are you going to do now? Now, you know, now you don't control the money. They do. So, we never let the property managers control the bank accounts. We set up the bank accounts, which is why I'd mentioned to you like when you go and you're in the process of closing on a deal, you're going to set up the property bank account with the LLC. And that bank account's going to have three checking accounts in it, right? You'll have your your operating account, you'll have your capital improvement account for renovations you may do, and then you'll have your entity account, which is where all the investor money goes. And then you're going to have three of those three checking accounts, and you're going to control it. And then you're simply going to give the property manager access, but they're only going to get access to the operating account. They will not see the other two. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; Because yeah, the last thing you want is that that manager controlling money like that. &gt;&gt; Um they'll u they'll bend you over pretty good if you ever have to fire them. They'll use it as leverage. They'll absolutely lose use it as leverage and then you you lose it all. So yeah, we we never we they try and do that and we just nix it out of the property management agreement. So when you see that nyx it out of the property management agreement. I just put accounts are already set up. We'll give you access. I just let them know it's done. I'm not asking your permission. So accounts are set up. We'll give you access. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You bet. And then yeah, you can you can have any VA go into those accounts if you want to distribute the money because I get it if you're managing a lot of deals. Um, you know, but I I'm always got eyeballs on it, like 14 different eyeballs, just because I want to know where everything's going. Um, and just be able to kind of watch it closely. So, if there's ever mistakes, I know that it's probably my mistake. So, last thing you want to do is accidentally send, you know, six figures or send it to some weird wire number that you accidentally is not supposed to and then it's gone, right? So, we're just always really careful with that. Um, but yeah, this is kind of how the waterfall is coming down, but it, you know, it's a nice little deal and it, you know, it pencils. It gives your investors good returns. Gives you as a general partner fantastic returns, right? I mean, you're only out of pocket, you know, 125 grand and you're going to make 828,000 on 125. I mean, that's a pretty good ROI. It's about a 64% per year return on your money. And that's when you do the refi because you can see what's going to happen right here at year three is you're going to get all your money out plus a profit. You know, plus you got your acquisition fee here, you get some cash flows here that are coming out and then you're going to get more money when you go and sell it uh at year six. So, um that you know that's a great kind of setup, but you can see what can happen when interest rates drop, right? If if if we get into that environment where interest rates go from 6 and a half to five or five and a quarter and then you do a refinance like now the cash flow pumps a lot of money comes out you get to boost your loan amount because now the cost of the debt is much lower I mean it's drastic so that's why the value and having interest rates is so critical you know and when we've been in in a tougher environment the last few years as you all know you know at 6.5 because watch what happens if I put this back to 6.5 or even even like 6.2, right? Come down here, you're going to start to see things change where your returns for you are fine, but now your investors start to change, all that stuff. When you start to do the deal, you're still getting cash out, so it still works. But when you start adjusting these interest rates quite a bit and get into the environment we're at today, like 6.5 on your refinance, you know, now it's going to start to hurt a little bit. I mean, overall the deal still works because you're getting good money out of it, but your cash on cash returns and stuff are still struggling. But yeah, I would absolutely do a refi on this one, like in terms of setting it up for the refi. That would work perfectly. Any questions on kind of what you saw there? Or am I just boring the living crap out of you? &gt;&gt; Justin, can I ask you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, you're saying like, okay, if these interest rates would not drop, um, what would you do then? I mean, what kind of loan would you get in the first place? Is it like uh a fixed loan for a longer period or shorter period and would you need to fin refinance or is it like an option? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the here's what I would do. If if you could if the interest rate and the environment and all that stuff was rich enough to where if when you analyzed it and you did the refi, you could pay out your investors and give them their return back that you projected and then they get out of the deal. They're out of the deal now. Then I would put as long of a loan on that thing fixed as you can because now you're going to have 100% of it. Investors are out of the deal and then you just hold that thing for 10 years. I'd put a 10-year loan on it. Now, in most cases right now, that's not going to happen. You're not going to generate enough to pay out your investors and give them their return. So, then you I'd probably go with it like a fiveyear. So, that way in another five years, you could refinance it again without incurring a bunch of penalties. And then maybe at that time, you could refinance out your investors. And then if you want to hold it, great. You can continue to hold it yourself. Investors are out of the deal. Or you could sell it, capitalize, and move on. Does that answer your question? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And but but in the first place, would you just take a short-term loan like these &gt;&gt; when you acquire it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um it depends. Are you renoing the deal with I mean, are you doing a short-term bridge kind of high, you know, renovation type deal? Then yeah, you're probably going to have a 24 or 36-month loan, right? because it's you're you're doing a renovation project and then you're going to put a permanent loan on it after the renovation. But if if it's a pretty stable property and then you're just going to do the renovations over time, then you could put probably a fiveyear loan. I think five years is perfect because that gets you far enough into the process um to where you're not going to have prepayment penalties if you go refinance it. it gives you options when you go to refinance it. Um, and you want to refinance it because typically over a window of time, rates will drop, you know, and what you don't want to do is be stuck in a rate up here when, you know, three years later the rate comes down here and you can't refinance because you're stuck in a long-term loan. It's too expensive for you to refinance. So that's why right around that five and seven year is is ideal, but I'd say five especially right now because it does change and it is changing. So great question. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Um any deals you guys are working on or LOIs and stuff that you want to discuss right now um that you guys are going through sending out? Any challenges with getting brokers to respond to you? Any of that stuff right now? &gt;&gt; Helena, how are things going for you? &gt;&gt; Yes, I have a question. In fact, um because okay, I I am trying to uh I still haven't buy my first deal, multifamily deal, but I am thinking in okay if I uh when I have more than two, three, five deals, uh I I I can't be in charge of uh this this task of searching deals uh underbriding deals and everything. So I am from now uh thinking about and and also talking about with some people that that want to work with me. &gt;&gt; Mhm. erh making that erh yeah that that that kind of of work for me but in my team I mean &gt;&gt; uh because I think that if you yeah you can have a realtor or a broker but always they they want their commission so h as soon as you can purchase the still they don't care about your cap rate they don't care about your investors &gt;&gt; so I am thinking in okay how can I pay and and also uh fair pay that person but I am thinking in different ways because if I have if I pay a commission then I'm going to have a reactor in my team in fact they are not be align with my objectives &gt;&gt; to uh have the best deal. So how how can you uh do that part? How can you uh delegate that part? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you know a lot of teams have this whether you're in the flip and fix business or um or fix and flip or wholesalers, you know, big operations like they'll have acquisitions, you know, analysts, managers, however you want to call them. And those people are paid a salary plus some bonuses based upon what they produce. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they can definitely be put out there into the marketplace to search for deals where you know they're salary salary based, right? And then um uh commission based upon the deal they bring in. So it's a combination, right? But there's certain, you know, a box they got to buy in and then you're the last say, right? I mean, you're the last say on the deal, but that's when you get to that point. I mean, I I don't know that um I mean, the only people that are that have that are, you know, are bigger institutions that where they'll have an acquisitions manager who's out there because, you know, they're moving, you know, a billion dollars a year, $500 million a year, you know, and and they, you know, they're looking at a lot of deals. Um, now what you may be needing is what I put in place is someone who can quickly analyze the deals. So what I ended up doing now is I got all the broker relationship. So I'm getting all the deals, you know, emailed to me. You know, I will see the ones I like and I will just quickly forward that email to my deal analyzer guy. He'll pop it into our analyzer pretty quick at a high level. See if it meets some basic metrics. And then if it does, then it filters down to me and then I get a quick but that way I'm getting the best over the crap, right? And then and then from there now you can do a little outreach to the broker and blah blah blah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But what that allowed me to do is see and write the LOIs, right? The 10 or 20 letters of intent to get a deal that makes financial sense. So you don't have a person &gt;&gt; analyze more volume. &gt;&gt; You don't have a person to analyze your deals. You do? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I'll forward off the deals. They'll go ahead and pop it into our analyzer pretty quick from a from a high level and then if it meets the metrics, then it'll filter down to me to look at it closer. And then from there, we can then write an offer &gt;&gt; and I can just say, &gt;&gt; you pay a flat salary and also a commission. &gt;&gt; Nope. He's He's just flat. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And I actually found him because he remember he's not an acquisition specialist. So he's not negotiating the deal. He's not going out there. All he's doing is analyzing it, right? And then he can prep an LOI. It's all he's doing. &gt;&gt; Okay. Perfect. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's not he's not the one that is doing the the deep searching for the deals or any of that stuff. He's just taking the ones we give him, analyzing them, and then if we give him the thumbs up, he'll prep an LOI and send it out. &gt;&gt; And he also search another new deals to analyze. &gt;&gt; He will not he will not search for deals. That's I mean, I probably could get him to, but I'd have to pay him more. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Thank you for that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you bet. Any other last questions? Chad, I see you in here. How you doing, Chad? Chad Cox, good to see you. And then I see uh the the other Chad, too. Good to see you guys. Uh Doug, how are things going on your end? The seller initiated the PSA today and they sent over all their due diligent paperwork, but it seems to be lacking quite a bit. Okay. It's good. Well, it's a start. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you can just start, you know, prying into that, right? &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; And um, you know, listen, at the end of the day, if you can't get proper reporting and stuff, then I need to see bank accounts. The lender wanted to see all the operating expenses, 23, 24, 25, and 26. &gt;&gt; And all they sent me, I think, is 25 and some of 24. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And I think they said that's all they have. They can't get anymore. So, &gt;&gt; and and has it been owned and operated by the same guy for that for many years? &gt;&gt; I believe so. I think it's an independent owner operator. I think the reason the numbers looked weird is because he was probably skimming money off it and paying himself some of it. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Um Yeah, but you h you have to be able to verify the income, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And there's got to be ways to verify the expenses because that's all I mean that's really what you care about is I want to see you're going to do what's called a lease audit. So you're going to audit every lease and make sure that the name on the lease matches the name on the rent roll. It's a lease audit. You'll see that in your due diligence checklist. Name on the lease matches the name on the rent roll. um and make sure that they're paying what they're paying or any addendums and stuff like you need full copies of the leases. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Um so lease audits a huge issue huge item. The other one is the verification of the income and expenses. Guys, you have to let me verify the income and expenses. I'm not going off what you think or what you say or what you hope or what you pray. &gt;&gt; Like they didn't send any leases, &gt;&gt; right? So you're going to get a full-blown folder. have them send you a Google Drive and you know tell them that uh there's a couple reports you want to see uh their delinquency report you want to see are they running it through a property management software. &gt;&gt; Nope. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Oh god. So they don't even have reports. Yeah. So, I mean, um, I emailed you everything they sent me, so you can look at it later when you're bored. &gt;&gt; Um, yeah. I mean, they have to under are they represented by a broker? &gt;&gt; They are. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Uh, what does that broker say? Oops. Um he so I actually had to work in the field today so I just got home in time for the Zoom and open my email I was waiting. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um he called me earlier and and reminded me that there was part of the addendum in the PSA was they can't provide some of the stuff we asked for because there's no way they they don't have records of any of it. So I got to go back and look and see to make sure what that was. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; okay. Then then the response to the broker is listen buddy that that money's going in coming in and coming out of bank accounts. &gt;&gt; So if you don't have the reporting I need to verify that people are paying rent. I said I cannot get a loan on this property from the lender if I cannot produce a T12. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they they gave me one. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. But that's not going to be &gt;&gt; there's no proof. They're gonna they're gonna want to back it up. the bank's gonna want to back it up because they're not about to give you &gt;&gt; the money, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Let alone investors. Um, if you can't verify the money and if they don't if they have shitty reporting, okay, you have shitty reporting, then I want to see the bank accounts. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Period. Like, then they're Well, we can't then get your reporting together. If you can't report properly and we can't rely upon that data and hold you accountable, show me the bank accounts. Well, then guys, you you're not selling this to anybody. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Like you and I can tell you right now that if it goes cash only buyer, you're going to get hammered. &gt;&gt; So yeah, if we want to go that route, &gt;&gt; I'll reissue my offer. I'll take off a million dollars and then let's go party. &gt;&gt; Yep. because I can't I can only pay you what your property is worth. And if you can't produce financials that at least show me the data, I it's not me, but the bank like and no lender, no buyer, nobody who's going to go spend that kind of money &gt;&gt; will give that to you if you can't produce the financials &gt;&gt; anywhere like on planet Earth. And so they need to realize that you're either going to give me bank accounts or you know, do you have the PSA executed yet or no? You just have a a copy back or what? &gt;&gt; It's executed. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. So it's executed by both parties. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Today. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. Um so yeah, I mean if um I mean they have to be able to provide uh financials. &gt;&gt; Yep. So, &gt;&gt; I mean, I'm happy to get on the call with the broker and just kind of walk through this situation and kind of see what's going on. It's a good property, good location, but we got to verify the data, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And the and the broker needs to understand they need to step up. &gt;&gt; You know, you're you're about to get paid some moola. Do your job, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Paid some moola. &gt;&gt; Worked really good with me. So, I think he's I think he he'll understand. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, Yeah, we just got to get get with the seller. I'm sure the seller's fine and okay, they're OGO status. That's fine. But I can guarantee that money is going into a bank account somewhere. It &gt;&gt; has to go somewhere. &gt;&gt; It's got to go somewhere. Uh so we listen, you got to give us copies of the bank statements. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; There's just no way around it. If you don't have the financials, &gt;&gt; you got to produce bank statements and then we'll go ahead and produce the financials for you because I mean I'm going to call BS on them. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; I think there's a little bit of funny money business going on if you know what I mean. &gt;&gt; I I do and I think there is &gt;&gt; sounds like a little skimmy ski. Are they Are they washing some some money through it? So, my property manager went by there the other night because he likes to go around and look at stuff late at night to see what there is. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; He said super quiet. There's a couple old people there. He talked to them. They started talking about how one of them um needed some work on the floor. The floor was soft. And another one, he said that the owner's relatives or who comes to fix things and they never fix stuff. And so it just sounded kind of &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; like people &gt;&gt; I mean that's not Yeah, that's not terribly uncommon. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it just hasn't been professionally managed and stuff, but you know that's okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, as long as it's not completely falling apart, but you'll you'll figure that out. But yeah, you got you got to get your arms wrapped around the financial side. Um that's a critical piece. So yeah, let me know &gt;&gt; on that. And and many of you are going to deal with the same issue, too. This is not the um you know not you know the first and and only time. It's pretty common but you just need to work through it and try and get them to put together the financials. So &gt;&gt; Right. Well like you said the smaller unit smaller complexes are mom and pop trying to run them &gt;&gt; and they don't keep good records. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Yeah. If they're doing self-management and all that stuff. So that's right. Um Chad Cox about your question on um the San Diego. So yeah, typically every 60 days or so we'll do this little small San Diego Inerson event for deal finding um obviously mentorship in person connecting, socializing, all that stuff. So that's coming up June 7th and 8th. June 7th and 8th in San Diego. I think we sent out the email. Many of you may have gotten it. We'll send out another reminder and stuff for that um to where you can come in town. We spend two days in a uh kind of a classroom environment and then we're actually going out on site and stuff too and we'll actually walk some deals, talk some deals, go through financials, uh even call brokers and all that stuff. So, we're doing that over a two-day period in San Diego uh at my offices. So, all of you are welcome to come and you're all part of that. So, yeah. Beautiful. Um, and then we will have dates uh pretty soon for Dallas, Texas, our July event. So, we'll make sure it's nice and hot in Texas for you. &gt;&gt; It'll be all of 450 degrees. So, um, be prepared. That is that is that is prime time heat. But, you know, uh, you know, it's it's it's hot. It's definitely hot. So, all right, everybody. Uh, no other questions before we finish up. No other questions. All right. Cool. &gt;&gt; Have a good day. &gt;&gt; You bet, guys. And we'll uh we'll bring in some of those uh vendors and and people we talked about here. We're getting those lined up now, so for the future Tuesdays. Have a good night, everybody. &gt;&gt; Have a good night. Bye. &gt;&gt; Bye.