I said they saying we should leave it. You said should we call us around? I said baby I don't see why not. Would you say we get lost? Leave these beers I b on the bar. Baby how's about you and me in my place. Get midnight in my night out this Friday with some cabernet on the couch around you. Close the door and twist the lock. Girl, you probably shouldn't, but I'm taking long. Baby, I don't see why not. Baby, I don't see why not. They saying we should dance around, then take a shot, then find the door, then take a walk till we find a spot. Girl, without a line, we can slide into. I ain't saying you should take my hand, but take my hand. Come steal a kiss from this silver can. I ain't saying that I'm meant to be old man. Baby, I don't see why not. Don't you say we get lost? Leave these beers out on the bar. Baby, I was about you and me in my place in midnight in my night this Friday with some on the couch around you. Close the door and twist the lock. Girl, you probably shouldn't, but I'm second. Maybe I'll see you. [Music] You said, "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" I said, "Girl, you're in my mind." I said, "Let's run it back next weekend." You said, "How about tomorrow night?" I said, "Baby, I don't see why not. Don't you say we get lost? Leave these beers I bought on the bar, baby. How's about you and me in my place? Get midnight in my back this Friday with some cab on the couch on the close and twist the girl should I see I'll see [Music] I'll see you one night. [Music] I've had good days. I've had bad days. Tasted victory and defeat. I've had problems. Biggest planets turn to pebbles when you speak. I've had nothing to. You're all alone at a party. You want to dance with somebody, but you ain't got a clue how to ask. You and your girl had a fight and now she's saying goodbye. She ran upstairs and packed her bags. It could be raining on your perfect vacation. You could be stressed about your worst situation. Ain't got to listen to me. But all I'm saying ain't nothing that a big can. Ain't no pain it can't wash away. From the moment that it is makes those clouds look a little straight. Oh, you could be lonely or heartbroken over from the night before. Turn that frown into a smile real quick. There ain't nothing that a beer can't fix. You're on a lake and you're fishing. It's hot and all that you're getting is a little nibble here and there. You're sitting watching your team losing that championship ring and you're feeling like life ain't fair. It could be raining on your perfect vacation. You could be stressed about your work situation. Ain't nothing that ain't no pain it can't wash away. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] It could be raining on your perfect vacation. You could be stressed about your work situation. Ain't got to save it for no special occasion. Ain't nothing better. [Music] Ain't no pain can wash away from the moment that makes those [Music] Turn it down into the tree. Ain't nothing that a beer can't fix. [Music] Did you grow up on a tractor? Did your daddy let you drive? Are you whiskey been hellbound even though your mama tried? Did you cruise down a back road with your big cand line? Are you on the shadow on a barefoot blue jean night? Everybody got Everybody got a story. Everybody got Everybody down. Turn your radio. Tell me which one is you, baby. Yeah. What's your country song? Yeah. What's your country song? Do your exes live in Texas? Are you so lonesome you could cry? Are your heart broke cuz you know that ain't your truck in a drive? Are your friends all in low places underneath the neon moon where you are already country back when country was cool. Everybody got a Everybody got a story to tell. Everybody got everybody when you're rolling down and turn [Music] [Applause] your strawberry wine. It was your family tradition. [Music] Welcome your host Justin Brennan. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] What's up everybody? Happy Saturday. Come on in. Um can we put up on the screen the participant section too? It' be great. So we can kind of see everybody kind of coming in a little bit of a light morning because we're a little early obviously before our traditional session starting in an hour. Um, but this is really designed as kind of like a uh bonus Q&amp;A for all of you regarding anything you've seen so far uh up until this point and then maybe anything revolving what you saw yesterday regarding the community and the program and questions you may have on that which most people have a lot of them and we'll go over those a little bit but uh it's really for you for you specifically um and we'll go over that. So I'm going to put up a couple things on the screen but how's everybody doing this morning? Everybody have a good like Friday evening? seeing anybody go out and kind of rage. Just kidding. I don't even do that anymore. I have, you know, with the kids and family and everything. I mean, I feel like mid-40s, so I'm 45. I don't know. Actually, what are people's ages in here? I'm actually really curious. I'd love to see that in the chat. Age range. You don't even have to put your actual age. If you just want to put an age range, good with that. Or meaning 30s, 40s type thing. 50s, 60s. Um, beautiful. 40s, 50s. Cool. Yeah, it's amazing how easy we could recover when we were younger in our 20s and 30s and then now it's um I drink very little anymore. I mean very little if it's maybe socially or whatever it is. It's just you know it's not something that I even look to do. It's it's interesting how that works. Um you got 40 47 mid-40s 30s. Um very very good perfect. I want to see some 25 year olds in here. Are are youth our youth ready to go? Nay, good to see you. Jared, Dante, is it Sergey? Sergey. How do you pronounce your last name? That's really cool. Rousanians. Um, everyone's age feels like they're not too late for me to start the journey. Yeah, man. It's first of all, it's never too late. Never too late. Uh, I mean, we just had a 60 year old join yesterday, right? I mean, 65. I mean, it happens all I mean, rock and roll. I mean, you see Steve Parker that obviously came on and talked yesterday, you know, he's late 50s, I believe. And, you know, so it's never too late. Never too late. Um, I mean, especially if you look in this day and age, I mean, as medicine and everything improves and gets better, I mean, we're as long as you're um, you know, taking care of your body, eating reasonably well, um, I don't know if anybody's ever done this. I mean, didn't plan it turning into a a health episode, but um it was probably about actually it was 2022. Um I was battling I went to the doctor, right, and they do the blood work and all that stuff. Everything was great except for my LDL and my triglycerides and we couldn't figure out why because I like eat relatively healthy. And so they couldn't figure it out. And then fast forward two months later, I go to a Tony Robbins conference and just before Tony Robbins, this guy comes out on stage that wasn't well known yet, but you may all know who he is now. His name is Gary Brea. Gary Brea. And he's like the health hacker guy, right? And anyhow, within 15 minutes, he has everybody's jaws dropped on the floor because he talks about most people aren't interested on what I used to do or they're not interested in what I do now. Now they're more interested in what I used to do which was he was the head data uh analysis provider for all the life insurance companies and he could narrow down if you gave them five years of your you know blood work and data and all that stuff he can tell you to the month you're going to die right and people's they're like what long story short I ended up getting a gene test done genetics test done that basically analyzes your entire body and tells you which genes you're uh not uh I guess what's is malnutrition I guess you'd call it and then you can through supplements basic supplements nothing crazy you can then get your body to produce better and lo and behold LDL levels go down triglycerides down what I because they wanted to put me on statin and start popping pills I'm like ain't going to happen I said I mean I'm young 40s ain't going to happen and went into the natural route by just understanding what the body's doing and lo and behold so if you ever are looking into that uh it works like I mean he I won't say he saved my life but he definitely turned it around. Gary Brea, Gary Brea, you can follow him on YouTube, on Instagram, anything like that. But did a 180 180. Um, yes, good morning back to you. So, yeah, any questions I guess in terms of what you saw yesterday on like the program, the community, anything like that? you know, like I said, you know, whether you come into our community or any community or whatever it is, get into some form of a community because trying to do this alone is going to be just a harder journey. It's going to be a harder journey. So, I don't care if it's a local meetup you get into or local whatever it is or if it's, you know, our community, whatever it is, I want you in some form of a community so you can take advantage if this journey is something that you want. So, um, Michael Williams, yeah, question regarding the LLC's. Uh, I have your branding, the LLC, the Groundbreaker Club LLC. Per suggestion, I need to set up a Wyoming holding company. That is correct. That would own everything. That is right. That's kind of like your head honcho holding company. Very easy to do. You could literally go on to the Wyoming Secretary of State's website within 15 minutes and $125 later, you'll have your Wyoming LLC. you'll have it by 10:30 this morning, depending on what time zone you're in. Uh, very easy to do. So, do not hire a company to do that. Uh, and then it's like 65 bucks a year. Uh, Groundbreaker Capital. Um, that's a good name. I mean, what I would do is tie it into something u maybe that is near and dear to you. Uh, but you know, maybe that's something that's um that yeah is um near and dear to you personally. You can actually type into chat GPT, hey, I'm looking to start an LLC capital company. And I would use the word capital, by the way, you know, in your title. So whether it's groundbreaker capital, something capital, and then come up with a name before that, like a word before that, but something that maybe is kind of cool to your family or heritage or whatever it is, but type that into the chat GBT and have them give you a couple suggestions. It's pretty cool. It works. Um, yeah, you met up last night with your CPA to discuss the program. Cool, Juan. Love that. Um, Autopilot Capital Holdings LLC. Love that. Yeah, but that's how you'd probably handle the name side of it. I mean, it's not honestly, once again, you can have the LLC name and then you can have a DBA, right? Doing business as, which is basically your marketing name. So, they can be completely independent of each other. Totally up to you. Um, but yeah, one of the kind of the the big things when just to kind of give people perspective of what happens when they come into the community, you know, your first two weeks and what it looks like is you're going to have obviously an onboarding call. Then we're going to get you set up based on your market in terms of where you're at or you're going to invest in two. And then your 90-day action guide starts, like your plan of action. So that way we can start hammering out some of the administerial stuff first, such as the LLC, getting your investor website set up, getting the back-end CRM set up. So that way a lot of the administerial stuff is in motion. And then it's a matter of, okay, we've identified three markets. That's how we start. Then we'll narrow you down to one market and then that's the one you're going to hone into and start that three-day reconnaissance mission, I call it. And whether that's in your backyard because you live in a great market or it's going to be going out of state, that would happen, too. And then you're going to if you're going out of state, then you're going to plan your 3-day trip and you're going to fly in on a Sunday. Fly in on a Sunday. You're going to land in the early afternoon. That's going to give you time before the busy Mondays start to kind of drive around, tour the area, get a good idea. A broker can help you do that. Like even a local realtor can help you do that. and just get a lay of the ground, lay of the area, good areas, bad areas, all that other stuff, just to get a feel for it. And then come Monday morning, that's when your meetings are going to happen with these brokers. And you're going to tour three properties typically between early morning to midafternoon. And you'll have them done. They're about an hour maybe each in, you know, in between. And then from there, you're going to go to the PM, the property management companies, and you're going to have a couple meetings with them that are preset up. Those may take 30 minutes, 45 minutes. And then from that, obviously, you'll have your lunch and maybe meet with a couple lenders right afterwards or um construction crews. And then once again, you can drive around, get a lay of the land, what's going on, and then you're going to fly out on uh Tuesday, typically Tuesday afternoon. And that's your 3-day reconnaissance mission. And that is what you set up in your market that you're going to start targeting. And any market you go into from that point on is going to come from that 3-day event. So, that's going to get you kind of that head start. When we were talking yesterday with Scotty, the lender, and he says kind of setting up your team and how important that is, whether you're a newbie or you have some experience is irrelevant. It really helps the lender and giving you the loan if they know that listen, yeah, you're new, but you've done your homework. You spent a little time setting some things up. You have your team in place a little bit, right? You're not just fumbling through this. You've actually shown effort into this process. And so, that's how I got it done. I mean, because you keep in mind when I got started my 27 unit and never done it before. I was a fresh newbie, had some little real estate background, but that wasn't really going to help me in the multif family game. But I went out, made sure that I set up all this stuff so that way I looked good to any lenders and people, gave them confidence that, yeah, you know, yeah, they're new, but right, it helps you along. Um, the point of a Wyoming holding company is for privacy. That's one reason. Uh, it's also for cost. It's much easier to set up and it's super easy to maintain them. Give you an example. If you set up an LLC in California, right? It's $800 plus dollars a year. It's a complete eso if you have to get through things and it's very penetrable very easily if there's any creditors or stuff involved and it's easy to find you. So, in Wyoming, super cheap to set up, super cheap to maintain, has much better laws to protect you against creditors and stuff in the event of a lawsuit down the road to protect your assets. And it's just much and you can actually non-disclose, meaning they don't even need to know who you are. You can be a phantom. You can be a ninja in the night. Um, which is great because you can actually have a like I do. I have the trust, my trust owning uh the assets inside our capital company and then they're all phantom names, so you can't even track it down. So, that's good. Um, beautiful. Uh, scroll up on some of the questions there real quick. A little bit further up. Okay, beautiful. Um, any other questions of kind of the stuff you've seen? We're going to go over this kind of in the beginning session in terms of summarizing what we've been through so far and where we're going to go. And then today specifically, uh, we'll be go over like closing the deals, the due diligence, inspections, both financial and physical, uh, the property management side, which is critical for everything. um structuring the deal and then we have two amazing speakers coming on both the property manager uh Jason and then a securities attorney for the legal side right if you're going to be doing this game of syndication and like I said yesterday there's really two ways you do it if you're going to be raising money from people that you know really well and maybe it's three to four to five people you know very very well then you could just use an LLC operating agreement and an LLC and that's If you're going to start raising money from people that you don't know that well, that's typically when you get into the securities attorney game and what they call the PPM and put in place that private placement memorandum and all those legal documents which are protected under the SEC, right? And it's a private placement versus a public placement which is stock market, New York Stock Exchange, all that stuff. you're doing a private placement, a PPM, and that gives you the uh exemption to do it. And essentially sell private shares of ownership to this deal, right? Apartment building. That's what that does. Um, any questions on that so far? See everybody's faces? This is cool. Everybody have their morning coffee? Good. Uh, chancery courts. I've not dealt with chancery courts before. Um, beautiful. Okay. Yeah, I want to make sure I because this is really just a Q&amp;A, so it's not really a teaching session, per se. Um, so yeah, it's really I I need if you have specific questions, right, about even anything you've seen so far, that's kind of what I want this to be for specifically. And it's it's open up to really anybody. Um, it's just really important that we get that and then we'll get into the main session here in about 45 minutes. Um, but it's I wanted to make sure that we had this specific to you and any questions about the community and the program. All right? I mean, we'll get into that briefly, but like I said, whether it's whether it's us or anyone, I want people joining communities, right? Because it's just it's just very very very important. It's going to help you stay accountable. I'd say that's probably the biggest thing is the accountability side, being handheld, uh having a resource to lean on uh when you get into the middle of things or you're getting ready to get into the middle of things. I mean, I'd say from all the folks that are in, the biggest thing uh that they lean on is the deal review. So analyzing the deals with them because as people learn how to analyze deals, knowing how to look at the numbers, uh what to fix, sending in for deal review and we review them, we send them back with all the notes and everything so that way they can make good offers based on good numbers. That's the biggest thing. Number two is when they're getting ready to write an offer, uh you know, we provide the letter of intent template, right? They fill it out. It's just, you know, one or two page legal or not legal, non-legally binding template. That's your letter of intent. That's your initial offer on any apartment building and that goes out to the broker directly and that helps you negotiate. Uh, do you set up an LLC for the property in the property state? Yes, you do. Great question. Yes. So, the way it goes, um, and I'll write this on the board so you can kind of visually see this. Okay. And once again, this comes into deal structure. I showed a little bit of that yesterday in terms of how things broke out. Okay. So, yes, you would have an LLC for the property in the state that the propertyy's in. Okay? And then your ownership in it, like I showed you yesterday, as the general partner, it's going to be with your holding company LLC. And then over here, you're going to have your limited partners, right? They're going to hold their interest in the deal, however they're investing. It could be personally. It could be an LLC. Maybe they have their own LLC. It could be a trust, right? It could be so forth. Could be an IRA. Could be a 401k, right? It could be all the above. And then they'll hold their ownership interest in this LLC for the property. Okay. Does that help you visualize that a little bit structurally how that works? Now, that's a pretty standard what this is what's called an organizational chart. An organizational chart. So, what'll happen is when you go to get a loan from a commercial bank, one of the things they're going to ask you for, right? And once again, there's a litany list of things they'll request to give you your loan. We provide all the stuff to you as part of it. that that list one of the things is going to be hey you know show us your organizational chart which is who are all the people involved generally speaking right you don't have to give like detailed names over here but generally speaking how is the interest being held and so forth right so there's certain questions that'll go through with the lender questionnaire to get you your loan okay um oh actually this was a great question that came in um yesterday and we'll get into this like because from what the team has told me we'll talk about this now because you're answering the question but then also in the main session. So yes, FYI, we allow two people, right? Whether it's your spouse or your partner, maybe it's a business partner or a spouse, two people to come into the community, no additional charge. No additional charge. So if you have a business partner, because that happened yesterday, right? Gentleman comes in, he's got, "Hey, I got a business partner. Is it more?" We're like, "No, no, no, no. Two people can come in. Same. We don't charge extra." There's a reason why we do that. We've found in addition to us holding you accountable, which is a big ticket item, whether it's me, you know, Zach's going to be your accountability coach, and then everybody wrapping their arms around you, your partner, even if it's your spouse, is going to hold your ass accountable, too. That's why we want it, right? It's an additional kind of resource to make sure that that, you know, action happens. So, we love that because your success is critically important. You have to understand when you're building a nationwide community of well-trained investors as we are, it's got to be good. People need to be doing deals. People need to be having success. People need to be raising capital together, doing deals, making things happen, right? Because that's how it stays vibrant and grows and grows and grows and grows and grows. If people are coming in and not executing and doing deals and we're not helping them be successful, it doesn't work. So that's why we allow that. We want that because it actually helps everybody win. Everybody win. So yes, Michael, on your question 100%. You can bring your spouse in or a business partner all at that same cost. No additional charge. We love that. Uh because I mean we've actually recommended that. Um we've had we have a handful in that do that. I mean h um Hayden yesterday who you saw uh his partner is Matt, right? So they created their company Prime Investments and they came in together one price. Yeah. because I mean they held each other accountable. I mean it's actually beautiful. So we highly recommend that if you have that ability with yourself then let's rock and roll and you'll each get an account and you'll come in and you'll have access to to everything. Yeah. Um cool. Great question. Um scroll up one more. I saw something on the syndication and the holding company real quick. How should you structure ownership in the syndication holding company LLC that is manager of the property? Yeah, great question Gordon. Um, so I'll give you an idea of how I hold interest in our company. So, uh, ours is Brennan Polley Group Capital, right? So that's my holding company with my business partner and my interest in that is held in my trust. His interest is held in his trust. That's how we hold interest to our holding company. That would be my recommendation. And you know, you can sector it out however you wish, but that's how we've set it up. And it just gives an extra layer of protection on top of that. Yeah, great question. Uh, scroll it one real quick. Saw one more up there. Apologies for a basic question, but is it possible to join the community without a mentorship? Uh, Michael, we do have a university, right? It's 97 bucks a month. It's kind of an entry point for people just kind of starting to learn, right, that maybe aren't ready for the full-blown mentorship, right? It just depends on where you're at, but that is available to people. It's not going to get you the community access you're talking about, but it does get you community access, okay? And it will get you access to courses and stuff like that. It's just not going to get you the handholding and the accountability and kind of what you're trying to accomplish, right? But it's going to get you everything minus the mentorship. Yeah. So, that is in there as an option at 97 bucks a month for folks that just want courses and information and having some community involvement with tools and resources that aren't ready to be handheld and maybe not ready to like let's go buy a building in the next 90 days, right? Or six months or whatever it is, right? Whatever your timeline is, we're going to hit that. Yeah, great question. Um, see some other stuff coming through. Perfect. Okay, any other kind of last questions on this on the structure? But yeah, that's how I I would recommend it is if you have a trust, um, hold your interest in your holding company through your trust. That would be great for you and your family because I mean, heaven forbid anything happened, right, to you, your trust, right? your trust is set up. Your trust will automatically dictate what happens to your assets. That's why you have the trust versus it being kind of chaotic and then you don't know what's going on, right? Because if your trust holds the ownership, then whoever the trustee is of the trust will then take direction on what happens. And whether that's your wife, your spouse, whatever it is who's the trustee or the successor trustee in the event of your passing, that's why that's there. Um, and then if you want to get really technical, sometimes you can maybe have um key man life insurance policies. So sometimes partners and people want to put that on you as the operator. And what that means is like, dude, if you die in the middle of a deal, like we need protection. I mean, that does happen. Um, so that gets some protection there, but that's, you know, different stuff. Um, no, so trust. Uh, great question, Jared. Does your trust hold only real estate investments or do you have separate trust for personal property? No. Yeah. No, it's one trust. Uh, anything typically in any um trust attorney or state attorney would tell you normally anything of value over 100,000. Anything of value over 100,000 would be held by your trust. So whether that's 401k, you know, crypto accounts, you know, whatever it may be, anything over a h 100,000 typically you would put inside of your trust. Um, and then yeah, bank accounts and stuff like that too, depending on the the value of the bank account and so forth. Um, but that's how you would you just, you know, put it all together because the trust controls it all. You don't want them segmented because then it creates issues in the event something happens to you, right? Uh, great question though. Okay, cool. Uh, any other questions about the community? Kind of what you saw yesterday? I think what we're going to send up and we'll probably put it out um into the WhatsApp chat for everybody is just a summary again of what is included in the community just so you can kind of see it for yourself and review it. So, is everybody here? thumbs up if you're in the WhatsApp. Just want to make I mean most everybody is. I just want to make sure everybody is. Uh but we'll throw it up in that WhatsApp group so that way you can see it all and kind of review it on your own. And like I said, listen, whether it's us or not is irrelevant to me. I want people to win. Um we're going to do deals one way or another. Um but get into a community. Get supported, right? It's what it's all about. It's what it's all about. I know we're the best, but that's it's not about me. It's about you guys, right? It's your family. It's your life. It's what you're trying to do and where you're trying to go. And I just want people winning. I want people winning. Nay. Nay. Awesome. Um Juan, awesome, man. Appreciate that. Uh Michael and everybody. Yeah, this has been great. I've really enjoyed um you know, sharing stories, hearing everybody's stories. Um I didn't even know like yesterday when Rudy came on, I didn't even know that story about my grandmother uh that his first client was my grandma. I did not know that. I had no idea. It was kind of shocking to me. I didn't know what to say about that. Um, yeah, my grandmother, Jeanie B. Campbell, but it was actually Gianne Gina Fiori or Gian Fiari. So, came from Polarmo in Sicily, Italy. That is where part of our family came from. And then we're German and Irish, too. Hence Brennan, last name Brennan. That's pretty freaking Irish. Um, but yeah, came across the boat, across the pond. And uh but yeah, a little Italian woman, little 4'11 of her. She was a firecracker. She was a firecracker. And it was funny cuz he said that um she used to drive around her little S10 Chevy truck. And that's very true. And I was telling the team yesterday after the event, I said, you know, that's actually how she passed away at 91 years old. God bless her soul. She was 91. Literally driving around as Rudy had mentioned in her little her little her little fur coat collecting rat on her apartment building. Just a little woman. It's crazy. And she was going to pull a like um a fivegallon paint bucket that are like a 100 pounds, right? Five gallon paint bucket out of the back of her little S10 Chevy truck to go paint on her apartment buildings. This woman's crazy. And she pulled her and broke her entire back. like pulled her entire not broke it but literally ripped it all out and stuff. So she ended up going into the hospital at that point in time and being 91 I mean she she basically said screw it. I mean she could have recovered and had surgery and all that stuff. She's like listen man I'm good. I'm good. I'm 91. This has been amazing ride. You know you know this is this is the Lord's savior saying it's time man. So yeah and she she went pretty quickly within 30 days but uh God bless her soul man. Uh, bless her soul. Um, yeah, it was her time. It was her time. Um, but yeah, it's crazy stories about about her, but yeah, she passed a lot on to to my dad. Um, I remember when she right before she passed, uh, she gave my brother and I and my sister each $10,000, but she said, "You have two choices with this $10,000. you can either put it towards real estate investing investing or towards education, right? Going to school and at that time I put it actually towards graduate school um just because I didn't think any different. I put it towards graduate school. I should have bought some real estate knowing what I know now. Yeah, I ended up putting towards grad school and went to grad school with it or that helped with it for sure. So, but yeah, man. Uh, anybody else have any I guess anybody else have uh some important stories that have maybe happened to you recently because I was kind of telling that one about my sister and how that was kind of defining moment for me. Is there anybody here if you're open to like sharing that? I can bring you up on screen. If it's too personal, fine. But if you're open to sharing it, I think it's really cool because it's those defining moments that like push you and drive you. And maybe it was a moment that finally brought you to here to us into this event. Who knows? But I think that's really, really, really important. Um, because some of that stuff is really a push and a drive for you. Throw up your hand if you want to share that or not. If not, you know, not a problem. But I think that'd be cool if you had the courage to share that. Everybody would benefit. Everybody would benefit. Okay. Yeah. Again, if there's no, I guess, further questions and stuff, I wanted to just make this kind of a Q&amp;A and a talking point, kind of a bonus session for you to ask questions about what you've seen so far. We're going to be getting into the teaching section here in about 30 minutes and all of that. Uh, anything on the program or community, any of that stuff, but we'll throw that stuff into the community. Uh, so that way you can see it, review it on your own, and, you know, make decisions for yourself moving forward. But gonna be an incredible last day here. Super excited about it. Like I said, we have two great speakers coming in. We're going to be going through deal structure, uh, closing the deal, the due diligence, the inspections, all of that, and the process for that. And then property management, right? How do you manage these properties both in your backyard and from afar if you're out of state? You're out of state. So, cool guys. Well, we will see you in the class in about 30 minutes, a little less than 30 minutes. Uh, Jared, one last question uh about trusts. What state should your trust be created in in the state you live? in the state you live, state of residency. Yeah. So, if you go speak with an estate attorney, that's who you're estate planner. Estate I say I guess it's a planner attorney. They're typically attorneys. Estate state attorney. Um yeah, they'll create the state of residency. Um yeah, Chuck. So, what'll happen postevent, right? Postevent is we will send out a link to everybody that'll have recordings. Okay. And then if you're not a VIP member, it'll be time like you have a very window of time to watch. And then if you're a VIP member, you're going to get it in perpetuity with a bunch of other resources and tools and stuff because you invested into the boardroom VIP. So, but uh we will have limited access uh for recordings for anyone and everyone and then permanent access and all that accessibility to actually be able to download stuff and all that in a in a portal for you as a boardroom VIP member. So, awesome. Okay, we will see you all in about 20 minutes, 25 minutes. See you soon. [Music] I quit hunting with my daddy. Guess I didn't make the time. And it's been a year since I seen a deer. Had a small mouth on the line. The other day I hooked a monster. And as I reeled him in, I thought, "Man, it feels good to be country again. I spend way less time in Nashville, more time in LA. My back home buddies, they quit calling. Thought I had too much on my plate. But last night we cracked some cold beers and cranked their church. Thought, man, feels good to be country again. Yeah, I love me some California, but it sure ain't Tennessee and my roots down there in Georgia. Yeah, they started missing me. It wouldn't change the things I've done or the places that I've been. Man, it feels good to be country again. [Music] I traded in my Silverado. Didn't need no 4x4. Tucked my boots in the back of the closet. It didn't feel like me no more. But I dug a mountain, slipped them on. Been on my feet since then. Man, it feels good to be country. Yeah, California, but it sure seem [Music] things I've done for the places that Man, it feels good to be country again. I trade a sunsets with my wife for hours on my phone. And even when I was right beside her, I still wouldn't really home. But last night, we built a fire. Watch the moonlight kiss her skin. I thought, man, it feels good to be country again. [Music] Man, it feels good to be country again. [Music] I s way home. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Amen. is going to make country. [Music] [Applause] Hey, how you been? I ain't seen you since last summer. I'm doing good. As I look, have you heard from her? I heard she took a new job out in Colorado. She's moving out there in a couple weeks from tomorrow. I bet she won't, but if she asks if I'm back on my feet, you didn't hear it from me, but my coffee is full of whiskey. My face every song I hear about lo the last three night you can tell all my friends are getting worried about me I over here you didn't hear it from me say you heard it from my buddies or the bartender that I've been on a breaking down hill and back. I'm worse off than I thought I could be. I was wrong. She was right. You didn't hear it from me. But my coffee is full of whiskey. My bed was stay 5050. My color song last Yeah. [Music] If my name comes up next time you run her, don't say where, just say a word. And my coffeey's full of whiskey. My bed was staying empty. 5050 if I call it night song I hear about I can't live without the last three Sorry about the street. Heat. Heat. [Music] I know what might look like. Another ball cap on a ball stool underneath the PBR line. Saying everything under the moon to get you in my arms tonight. You probably heard it all a thousand times, but it ain't what it looks like. Girl, let me tell you what it looks like. You look like we on a sunset and you can crash on me all night. You look like wine in a truck. Better a little. what I'm doing for the rest of my life. Cuz you look like I'm done looking. But girl, the hard truth is if this night don't turn into you, you look like I'm going to wind up missing you. I got to tell you, baby, I've been the kind of boy your daddy never wanted you to go fall in love with. The kind of boys you probably done with their dumb I bet you heard the stories. Can't say I'm proud of them. But I turn the page on me. Now I ain't looking back. You look like we on a sunset. You can crash on me all night. You look like a little what I'm doing for the rest of my life. Good. You look like I'm done looking. But girl, the hard truth is a night don't turn into. You look like I'm going to wind up missing. Missing you in the morning probably for the next few years. When I look back on it, I'll still see you right here. You look like ways on a sunset. And you can crash on me all night. You look like one in a truck. Better a little what I'm doing for the rest of my life. Cuz you look like I'm done looking. But girl, the hard truth is a lot. turn into two. You look like I'm going to wind up missing you. Wind up missing. [Music] Wind up missing. [Music] [Applause] Don't know where you at. Don't know where you been. Don't know nothing about that boy you're into. Don't feel bad for you, but I feel bad for him and all the hell you going to be putting him through. Probably tell him we're a burnt out flame. Probably tell him that I ain't been on your mind. I ain't nothing but a long gone thing. You can cuss my name. But baby, don't you lie when you're chasing what he's drinking or you thinking about me when you're riding where he's driving. Are you missing my street? Every time you close your eyes, tell me who do you see when you're facing what he's drinking. Are you thinking about me coming over tonight? Is that your guy who's mine? It's like you know it's supposed to be when you're up in his bed. Am I up in your head making you crazy? Tell me, baby, are you thinking about me? Are you thinking about Are you thinking about when you're tasting what he's drinking? Are you thinking about me? Do you hide your phone? Did you change my name when he wants to go to our goto place? Do you tell him you can't then go out of your way to be somewhere any damn where I ain't? When you're facing what he's drinking, are you thinking about me? When you're riding where he's driving, are you missing my street? Every time you close your eyes, tell me who do you see? When you're tasting what he's drinking, are you thinking about me? coming over tonight. Is that talking in your mind? It's like you know it's supposed to be when you're up in his bed. Am I up in your head making you crazy? Tell me baby, are you thinking about me? Are you thinking about Are you thinking about when you're facing what he's drinking? Are you thinking about me? Don't know where you at. Girl, I know where you ought to be when you're facing what he's drinking. Are you thinking about me when you're riding where he's driving? Are you missing my street? Every time you close your eyes, tell me who do you see when you're facing what he's drinking. Are you thinking about me coming over tonight? Is that talking in your mind? It's like you know it's supposed to be when you're up in his bed. Am I up in your head making you crazy? Tell me, baby, are you thinking about me? Yeah. Are you thinking about me? Are you thinking about me? [Applause] I've cheated and I've lied. I've broke down and I've cried. I've got nothing to hide no more. I've loved and I've hurt. Broken people down with words. More grace than I deserve for sure. Known to be crazy, known to be wild. Mama had herself a little devilish child. No stranger to the troubles at my door. I've been at the wrong place at the wrong time. Chasing all the wrong things most of my life. And every kind of loss that you can't find. But I got one thing right. Been the kind of guy girls mas don't like. Running with the wrong crowd on the wrong nights. Cuz I've been wrong about a million times. But I got one thing right. You got one thing. I got one thing. I got you. I got one thing. I got one thing right. You saw it through my pain. kept us patient while I changed. Never even crossed your mind to walk away. When I was getting crazy, reckless, and wild, acting like my mama's little devilless child. It took a heart like yours to find this place. I've been at the wrong place at the wrong time. Chasing all the wrong things most of my life. And every kind of loss that you can't find. But I got one thing right. Been the kind of guy girls mas don't like. Running with the wrong crowd on the wrong night. I've been wrong about a million times. But I got one thing right. You got one thing. I got one. I got you. I got one thing. I got one thing. [Music] I've been wrong about a million times, but I got one thing right. I got one thing right. I've been at the wrong place at the wrong time. Chasing all the wrong things most of my life. Every kind of loss that you can't find, but I got one right kind of guy with the wrong night. I've been wrong about a million times, but I got one thing right. You [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Midnight Milky Way through a cracked windshield. [Music] The highways never known how free this feels. [Music] I learn to drive out here. My grandpa let me steer. I still hear both hands on the wheel. We get lost on them. Find our way to a rocky mountain. We get stuck on the edge just like us. That's why make the world turn real soon. my soul. That's why [Music] that's why [Music] chasing a painted sky and river winding cursed. Can't help but feel like my heaven here on earth. [Music] Yeah. Out here in the quiet. I know you hear me. The stars are smiling. I'm feeling near me. We get lost on our way to a rocky mountain. We get stuck on the edge. Just like that's why [Music] that's [Music] Sometimes we're beat up and broken, scattered and tossed in the breeze. But no matter their scars, it doesn't change what they are. That sounds a little like me. And that's why I love D. [Music] That's why I love D. That's why I love my soul. That's why [Music] we [Music] That's why I love dirt. [Music] Like a rainy Sunday morning. Makes me want to stay in bed twisted up all day long. [Music] You're my inspiration, girl. You take me places. Put the words right into these songs. [Music] Stealing kisses undercover, babe. See forever when I see your face. And I swear God made you for me. You make it easy. Love on. You make it easy with every little thing you do. You're my sunshine in the darkest days. My better half, my saving grace. You make me who I want to be. You make it easy. You took on my rough around the edges. Never let it ruffle up your feathers. A Yeah. Now for life, you got me wrapped around your finger and I like it just in case you can't tell. You make it easy. Love on. You make it easy with every little thing. You're my sunshine in the darkest days. My better hand, my s. You make me who I want to be. [Music] [Applause] [Music] stealing kisses undercover. Babe, see forever when I see your face. And I swear God made you for me. You make it easy. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hey, [Music] baby. I Never leave I'm sorry unsaid. And I'm done letting freedom mess with my head. Now I only go out one night a week. Think more before I speak. Stop letting whiskey put me there. Baby, I change for the better. Got my together like you always wanted me to. I'm a little screw up, a little more grew up since I messed it up with you. I can't take back your last goodbye. And the good lord knows I tried cuz baby I changed everything. But your mind, baby, you got your reasons and I know why. And you you can't say you didn't try. Now I'm here trying to make right what I made wrong. It took me too long and now you're gone. Girl, if you saw me, you'd be surprised. Baby, I changed for the better. Got my together like you always wanted me to. I'm a little screw up, a little more grew up since I messed it up with you. I can't take back your last goodbye. And the good Lord knows I tried. Baby, I've changed everything. [Music] If tomorrow all the things were gone, I'd work for all my life. And I had to start again with just my children and my wife. I thank my lucky stars to be living here today cuz the flag still stands for freedom and they can't take that away. And I'm proud to be an American where at least I know I'm free. And I won't forget the men who died, who gave that right to me. And I gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today. Cuz there ain't no doubt I love this land. God bless the USA. Beautiful. [Music] What's up everybody? Come on in. Happy Saturday. Happy Saturday. Uh, chime in real quick in the chat. How's everybody doing today? Right. If I mean, if you're here, day three, you know, that means you're a doer. You're a doer, baby. Finish strong. They always say it's not about how you start, it's how you finish, right? It's not about how you start, it's how you finish. And it's never easy, right, to to stick around and kind of do these things and invest in yourself and what you're trying to accomplish. So, you know, kudos to everybody that's uh that's in here so far this morning and people kind of coming on in. We're seeing everybody jump in now. But, uh yeah, do me a favor. Chime in in the chat. Are we on the Yeah, we're on the main stage. Main chat. Go to the main chat so you can see everybody up there. You can see it up there. Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Nope. Yep. Right there. Beautiful. Awesome. Excited. Absolutely. How is yours finished? Not where you started. That's very true. Um, yeah. Asking questions in there. Anybody from Jacksonville, Pennsylvania, Connecticut? Um, fab day, Jeremy. Yes, it is a fabulous day. Um, scrolling on up a little bit farther, but yeah, love to see you got from Phoenix, New Jersey in the house. Yeah, I love sharing where people are kind of coming in from. Virginia Beach. Um, hello everybody. Hello everybody. Day three, let's go. Day three, let's go. Um, so I'm a Patriot fan. I have to say this because everybody here in the office just is annoyed that I'm a Patriot fan even though I'm from San Diego, California. Well, obviously we, you know, grew up a Charger fan and uh was a Charger fan up until about 2010 and well before the time they left San Diego, well before they left. And then I got converted and recruited to the dark side, which was the New England Patriots by a Boston friend of mine because I was just so frustrated, not so much with, you know, the team. I love the team, but I was frustrated with the ownership and I just couldn't back that anymore. So, I got converted and became a New England Patriot fan. Amazing ride from 2010, you know, onward. And then, of course, it's been a rough ride the last several years, but I think we're back. So, if you saw them play last night, I got a feeling I think we're back. I think we're back. Just on a on a side note, uh, anybody a huge uh where's your team from? If you're a if you're a football fan, p uh um baseball fan, you know, any specific uh 49ers in the house? All right. Cowboys. Raiders. Raiders. Oh, even though I'm not like a huge Charger fan anymore, I still hate the Raiders. Uh, Packers. I love Packers. Packers are great. Week one versus the Pats. Yeah, I got I got a feeling, man. We got Velro as our coach, former New England Patriot fan. We got Josh McDaniels back as offensive coordinator. Amazing quarterback, good offensive line. You know, I just got a feeling. Got a feeling we'll see what happens. 49ers. Love I mean the 49ers are great. I mean I'm not my my son's a huge 49er fan. Uh which I can Dolphins beautiful. Uh any baseball fans? Uh in terms of sports and stuff like that, any baseball fans? PGA Tour kind of guy. There you go. Nay, you know what about live golf? Are you if you're a PGA Tour guy, are you pissed off at live golf? We have that. I know there's a whole competition thing going on. That's very true. Very cool. Um, Juan, there you go. I follow entrepreneurs like me. I love that. Not overpaid, spoiled man. Child athletes. Yeah. So, when I was in high school, kind of coming up all the way through. So, I did I did baseball, track, and football. Baseball, track, and football. Um, and I had the chance, and this kind of goes back to making decisions in life. We'll talk about that a little bit this morning. You know, I had the chance. I was recruited for baseball to University of Arizona and went out there and was actually getting ready to sign my letter of intent with them to play baseball and held off for the weekend. Was out there with my dad and came home for the weekend and stuff. And lo and behold, this kind of goes to show you how the universe pays itself in certain ways. And then over the weekend, I got an acceptance letter to Pepperdine University. I don't know how happy my dad was about that because it was a lot more difference in cost. Uh but I got accepted there and I did take it but I wasn't not recruited there for baseball and they were a top 25 team at the time but I did try and walk on. I tried to walk on the baseball team and found out very quickly uh where I was at in my place in this hierarchy of baseball. Did not make it uh very far. rode the pine and finally said, "Hey, I'm going to focus on the academic side of it and and not so much the uh the athletics." So, uh but it was great. It was great. I do have a fun story about this just talking about with Pepperdine being up in Malibu. I'll never forget this because you I was uh always starruck when you get to see like famous people because I'd never really been around them a lot. And being up there in Malibu, like you literally go to the grocery store and I'm like looking down and it's like Pamela Anderson. It's like it's just weird. um you're like grocery shopping with them. But I and then James Cameron, like I was at a taco shop and he was sitting with his son at Rubio's right behind me in in Malibu. And then but the greatest experience I ever had with a famous person was we were playing pickup basketball on the Pepperdine campus in the afternoon on Sunday and then all of a sudden like these two guys like walk up, you know, and they're all in like hoodies and sweat stuff and stuff and like okay. They're like here to play some basketball and I'm not a basketball player. horrible, but we were just having fun. And he like looks up, he takes off his hoodie, and it's Adam Sandler. It's Adam Sandler and Rob Schroeder, like his like right-hand man. And like I was star I was starruck. And we're sitting there playing pickup basketball with the guys for like two hours. It was the craziest experience I've ever had. Very cool guys, by the way. Very cool guys. And he just has that um uh you know, Happy Gilmore 2 movie that just came out. Yeah, it was crazy. It was a lot of fun. Lot of fun. But that was my Adam Sandler moment. So, okay, beautiful. We're see people coming in now, getting everybody in. Happy Saturday morning. Um, this is going to be a great day. It'll it'll close out a little earlier, so we don't go the full day like we did, you know, the last two days. So, we'll close out earlier, just FYI. We'll have some breaks in there in the lunch break. Uh, we have two great speakers coming on, too, kind of to kind of close everything out, right? Because, and I'm going to go through the five different pillars of buying an apartment building. We we've spent the last two days going over finding, analyzing, raising capital, and financing that whole concept there that we've really spent time on. And then you get into the next steps, which is closing the deal. How do you close the escrow from inspections, both physical and financial inspections to the process, from the legality and structuring the deals legally through the paperwork and all of that? And then property management. Right now, you own this beautiful 10, 20, 30 unit apartment building. How are you going to manage it? and what do you look for? What's important? They'll have a lot of questions on that because that's listen, if you're going to produce the money and do everything you want to do, you need to know how to manage the buildings and or hire more importantly hire the property managers so that way you're not dealing with I call the toilets and tenants. Toilets and tenants every single day. So very very important. So we're going to get into all that today, but I have Jason with the property management. He is a nationwide property management company. So once again, the way the property management world works is you have tiers. Okay? And the tier you're going to work in because it's your first deal is going to be a better tier than if you were buying say a normal rental property or a little one to four maybe a quadplex or a triplex or something. You'd be dealing with a lot of realtor property managers, right? Realtor property managers in that area. So a little lower grade, still trying to figure some things out. Not that great of property managers in the space. There's some really good ones, a lot of not very good ones. Then you get to the next level which is the entry point commercial where you're going to deal with people that are handling you know the 10 20 30 50 unit apartment deals and these are your middle-grade property managers uh that have small teams small operations but you know if they have good things in place they can be very very good and it's just a matter of finding them in the markets in which you are buying your properties. Okay. Um, what I have learned regardless, and this is where a mistake, one of the mistakes we'll talk about today is thinking that you can be completely handsoff. Okay? Remember this, and I know you know this, no one, and I mean no one, will watch your money and your investor's money like you will. Nobody. Okay? And property managers are there to property manage but the margins in that business are pretty thin. So what that means is they have to spread themselves thin in order to get quantity right volume. And when that happens they typically don't put in people and operations as they scale and grow. So they tend on too many properties and managing they can't manage them all properly. Right? So you have to become an asset manager and that is your role in this process. Like like you know you get paid a fee for that, right? It's built into these deals, an asset management fee that's essentially there to just reimburse you for your time, right? You're not making a big profit off asset management, right? But you are getting reimbursed for your time. And that's the whole point behind it because once you get a property up and running and stabilized, you know, you're just there to check in on it weekly, make sure things are running correctly. any big decisions you're a part of, but the dayto-day you're not and you're not supposed to be because you have career, day job, family things going on. You shouldn't be there having to literally do the management and handle the toilets and tenants and phone calls and all the crap. That's not what you're there to do. So, cool. All right. So, kind of as we get started here, um I'm going to pull up some notes real quick, some housekeeping stuff real quick. Um, yeah. So, kind of kind of Q&amp;A from yesterday is kind of finishing off and I was going through. So, the team was telling me this morning. So, a couple questions we were kind of seeing in the chat from people regarding the community and all of that. So, I'll address kind of four of those real quick and then we'll jump into things. People had asked yesterday quite a bit. What is the difference between the accelerator community mentorship and then the platinum? The platinum. The difference between them. The platinum's pretty new, right? And I only take on about five of those a year, right? Five of those a year because it the difference is I'm going to be flying out to you personally. I'm going to be spending time on the ground with you personally for several days. We're going to be meeting the broker, shaking hands. You're going to see how that game works. We're going to be meeting the property managers. We're going to be setting up with the lenders, construction crews, and everybody in that market driving it, showing you how to look at market, look at properties, look at everything. Grave detail. We're going to analyze deals in that process. So, it's a very intensive 3, four days on site. And then every single week, we're going to be having a one-on-one for your first 90 days. And that's kind of that fast launch to really hold you accountable in addition to everything you get in the accelerator. So, I think the team just threw up into your WhatsApp group that most people are in the summary of the two. So, that should answer that question for you. Okay. Uh, another question which I thought was a great one. I'm I'm bummed we didn't address it yesterday. We'll address it now. Uh, can I bring on a spouse or a business partner? Yes, you can and you can do it at no additional cost. So, that is huge. Thank you for asking that question. Um, we had a gentleman yesterday join um, incredible and he has a business partner and yeah, we do it at no additional cost. So, there's a very specific reason we do this accountability, right? So, in addition to us holding you accountable and walking you through very, you know, intimately, and then Zach, who's going to be your assigned accountability coach and maybe Brian, one of the two, uh, your partner, trust me, your spouse or your business partner is going to hold you accountable, too. And so, we see sometimes a faster pace of success with that. So, we welcome it because we need the group and the community successful as it's been. We want everybody winning and getting deals because the more everybody's winning and doing deals and capital and sharing and partnering and all that stuff happening, rock and roll. That's where everybody gets rich and then everybody gets to do your passion projects which is all everything wants to do. Uh, another class last question. So, how many people are currently in the program? Will I get left behind? No, you will not. So, as I was mentioning yesterday, one of the big things before we even started this a few years ago is I did not want to become a conveyor belt system where you're just getting on some random Zoom calls with two 300 people. Number one, you're not getting that intimate access in the one-on-one that's critical for your success. And then you're not even getting taught by the mentor. Like, I want people taught by me, right? And then so we've set it up strategically where we have great team members in strategy in it, right? So that way you're getting that, but then it allows me to then go on and handle this in a small environment of five to eight investors at a time. And then yes, will we do the one-on- ones? That's the platinum program, but everybody else and it's in a small group uh environment and it's intimate. So that way when you're coming on these uh live sessions each week, it's me and it's small and we're doing Q&amp;A and it's a small intimate environment for that specifically. So you're getting handheld and not left behind because that is a critical component. Great question. Um when do you have to decide by uh whether you're going to obviously do the deposit? Remember we talked about $1,000 deposit just to lock it in the pricing and all that. We're going to have a welcome celebration just after lunch today. So, you'll want to do it before that time uh in terms of that to at least lock in the pricing. And as you know, you can go right to your dashboard if you'd like to and you can click on join. That'll get you straight to the uh $1,000 deposit checkout or you can speak to one of our team members if you have additional questions. Okay, so that's there for you. All right, so that's it on that. Appreciate those questions and that was just kind of some of the team stuff that they were telling me. So, I want to make sure I address those this morning. Um Elaine asked, "Is the 10K for one year or for life?" It's for life, Elaine. It's for life. You know, it's a 12-month mentorship, right? But you have lifetime access. We don't want you leaving, right? Because when you create a vibrant community where everybody's collaborating and doing deals, right? Because and I and I can't elaborate on this enough as you do your first deals, your 10 to 30 unit deals, you can do those with you as the main person and then bringing in other people to help support and bring in the money, but you're the head honcho. As you grow and you get into a 30, 40, 50, 100 unit deal, you are not doing that alone. You're going to have co-general partners. I do it. The minute we went from a after 30 units, our next one was a 51. That was a co-general partnership. Then an 88 co-general partnership. Then 121 unit deal, three general partners. Then a 200 unit deal, three general partners. Then another one, two general partners. So, you see where I'm going with it? That's why collaborations, partnerships, and everything are so critical. Which is why we need you for life. And we want you for life because as you're doing deals, everybody else is doing deals. Partnerships and collaboration happen. We want everybody growing together because you will find out very quickly because if you go find a 50 unit deal, 60 unit deal, you're going to be like, "Yeah, I can I'd love to take it down. I know how to do it, but I need more resources to capital. I need more people to help sign on the loan. I need more people to do this." Right? That stuff happens and that's how you do bigger deals. That's how you scale. That's how we went from the 20 units to,200 plus units and going to 10,000 is through collaborations and partnerships. Um, are the calls for the whole year or just 90 days? Whole year, Jay. Yeah, but we have the fast launch section that is the first 90 days and that's more of the intensive one-on-one and then the whole year uh or for the calls. Jay, great question. And then Christine, um, oh, awesome. Christine, you're in here. Beautiful. she's in our community, you know, highly recommend it. Awesome. Yeah, appreciate you sharing that. It's great. Um, cool. Yeah, those are great questions. Thank you for sharing those. Yeah, super excited about today. Like I said, great speakers and stuff, but I do want to put in here and start off with this. You know, your takeaways, your takeaways and overcoming some roadblocks in this process is kind of where we want to get you to think about today. So you can chime into the chat, but I'd like to know what have been the biggest three shifts, right, that maybe you didn't think about. I don't care if that's the tax stuff, if it's the raising capital side, if it's the lending, if it's finding deals, analyzing deals, some of the structure, right? But what have been kind of and if you're just thinking off the top of your head, what have been the the biggest takeaways, two or three of them that you can put into the chat right now so far leading up to this morning? You know, I think it'd be really important whe it's the tax stuff and avoiding taxes, the lending and the financing, the capital, the deal structure, you know, how you actually go find deals, right? The process for that. Uh Evan states deal structure has been amazing. Uh capital raising as well. Yeah, appreciate that. Yeah, a lot of people don't show the detail, right? They give you too much high level, which is fine. You need that, but then they avoid the nitty-gritty. But I think it's important that people understand visually how these things get put together. Um because it's it's only I guess intimidating or seemingly complex the first time. And there were a few people yesterday saying it's over my head. It's over my head. That's totally normal. It was way over my head the first time, too. I I get it. Um starting to introduce myself as a multif family investor. Yeah, Michelle. Yeah. And and honest to goodness, if you do nothing else from this 3-day, you are officially, like I told you, you're officially a multif family investor. Even if you've not done anything in multifamily, right? But it's the starting point, right? It's like if you're going to start though, you want to lose weight, you have to do the first steps, right? You got to get on a treadmill, you got to walk a little bit. Same thing, right? You're now in the process. Whatever it is your initial title is now, I'm an engineer for my job, right? I'm a, you know, teacher. I'm a whatever, right? That's your professional identity currently. You're going to add the tagline to the end of it. Now, so any conversations you have, if somebody asks you, tell me a little bit about yourself or what do you do for a living or blah blah any of that initial, you've got to like the end of your tagline is exactly this. I'm a teacher and blah blah blah, but you know, actually, I'm a multif family investor. I buy and invest in apartment buildings around the country and we do it with other people. That's it. Type it into the chat so he can put Yeah. So, um, yeah, type in exactly this, uh, Kevin, after you get done with that, so that way people know the language. And I want you to memorize this literally. So, type in, um, yes, I am, and then your actual title. So, put in job title. Yep. And then, comma, and I'm a multif family investor. Period. I buy and sell apartments around the country and we do it with other people. Yeah. You're going to memorize this and like watch what happens. Honest to goodness. Like start telling people this at your backyard barbecues or wherever you're at. Like get in your Trader Joe's checkout line and watch what happens. You'll you'll get $50,000 investors like I did that one time. It's wild. Um, but yeah, he's putting that in there for you. You can copy and paste that and just, you know, start to repeat that over and over and over again because now you're officially a multif family investor. You have enough knowledge and tools and systems from this 3-day to technically get started 100%. Um, uh, business structures. I saw that one. A lot of people tell you how to find and get a deal, uh, but they don't give you the business structures and stuff. Um, yes, there will be a replay. scroll up real quick. Uh yeah, Renee, there will be a replay just to kind of tack on to this. We told people in the the pre-questnaire session. So, everybody will get a replay for a period of time and we'll get the exact timeline for you. You'll see that you'll have it available for you for a certain number of days and then if you are a be a VIP boardroom member and you upgraded to that, you'll get it in perpetuity and you'll be able to download videos and stuff and all that tools as a part of this 3-day is in being in the VIP. Um, but you will get replays. Everybody will get to ree this. Um, and then that'll be timed. Uh, for a number of time it'll be up, but for the boardroom VIP it'll be in perpetuity. So, um, I'm able to see the big picture now and how it all pieces together. Beautiful, Pamela. Uh, I've had a mindset shift. I love it. I can see the possibilities now. Um, yes, you do. Uh, David, they will record. All that stuff's recorded, David, on the VIP sessions that we had, the boardroom VIP sessions. Um, and that's okay if you didn't make it this morning. It's all recorded. Um, do you need to be in the mentorship to be a VIP? No, you do not, Elaine. No, you do not. Uh, we if the team, they can send you a link for that if that's something you want to do. So, you have that. That's totally separate. Totally separate. Um, scroll up a couple more questions. I saw um so yeah, it' be uh so bis uh say the business. So, I saw some of the financing that was definitely a big one. Uh, deal structure. Um, how you are, I guess the thing would be, um, you're officially a multif family investor. Multi- multi- family. Sorry, my handwriting is a joke. So, I'm like a doctor. uh financing, deal structure, multif family investor mindset. So that's mindset. Okay? So that where like officially you are that and I want you to have that mentality moving forward whether you're getting started today or getting started in a week or whatever it is. But you need to start telling people that because what's going to happen too, you know, everybody talks about manifestation, right? manifestation. And what I've learned with this, and let me give you at least my two cents on it. So, let's say you wanted to make a million dollars. Okay, great. So, this morning you asked, you say, "I'd love to make a million dollars." And you that frequency goes out, right? It goes out to the universe. Now, what's going to happen is that the universe is going to start to align things for you, but it's going to be subtle. Let me give you a perfect example. So about six months ago, earlier this year, I'm like, you know, I'd love to really start doing some more flips and seeing some more opportunities up around San Diego State for doing some ADUs and some other development projects and so forth. So I I'm like, you know, I'd love to see that stuff. So I kept putting it out, putting it out, putting it out. Great. The universe starts to align it. But if you don't pay attention, be an example of how you pay attention. I walk into a doctor's office to do my annual checkup. I'm sitting in the lobby waiting to go back. Gentleman walks into the lobby. It's he and I. Small lobby room. He's on the phone. He's proceeding to talk to one of his partners or somebody that he happens to have a property that it's a single family home, but you can put ADUs and duplexes on the back of it. It happens to be up around San Diego State that he's looking to maybe sell this year. If you don't pay attention to that and you just kind of wipe it sideways, I mean, the universe literally sent the signal. It walked through the door. It cracked. But if you're like in La La Land and like not paying attention to things, that stuff's going to wipe right by you. And then you're going to wonder why things aren't manifesting because you have to take action, right? And that was the next point I was trying to make is here you are, you send frequency to the universe, the universe will align it to you. It will. You just need to pay attention because it could be very very subtle, very subtle. Okay? So, pay attention to that. Um, Pamela asked, "How are the tax benefits generally on multifamily versus a forplex? Watched a guy on a podcast last night who owns 160 single family ice coffee hour." Okay, gotcha. Um, so much different, Pamela. So you can technically, just so everybody understands, you can technically do bonus depreciation on any real estate, right? It doesn't stop you from doing it, whether it's single family or commercial, right? But when you get into the single family arena, the b the bonuses are not as great and he's going to have to individually do because they can't collateralize all 160 single families, right? So he's going to do it individually per property. And that can technically happen. And if you have enough in your portfolio, it could make some sense to do that, but most people don't. Most people have onesie twzies. So therefore, on a single family or even a duplex or forplex, it doesn't make as much sense to pay the money to do this cost seg study to go save, you know, a little bit of money when it's not enough, right? So that's why you won't see as many people do it in that space. It can technically be done. There's nothing stopping you from doing it. It just usually isn't financially beneficial enough on the single family stuff. Okay? That's why people don't usually do it as much. It usually starts to pay dividends for everybody when you get into that multifamily arena. Ideally, that 10 unit space or greater. Okay, just so you know that. Um, you have to be sit situational awareness one. That's very, very, very true. Yeah. So, these are all great kind of takeaways and shifts and all that stuff kind of going through this. Beautiful. Yeah, I think this is really really important. Really really important. Okay, so let's go through a couple of like kind of the objections and mindset shifts that I have personally seen and kind of going through and I put these together last night because I was kind of going through the chat looking at things seeing how people were thinking and coming across some of these things. So I think it's really important. I think you'll see these. So I don't have enough money to start. I think we've kind of conquered that goal. you know, chime into the chat if you feel like, hey, yeah, I understand now how you can do this with 30 to 50,000 bucks, right? But then have maybe 20 25,000 literally out of pocket and go buy a 10 to 30 in apartment building. Like you've shown me, Justin, that that makes sense. Like check mark to that, right? And yes, it does take money to buy real estate, but it doesn't have to be your money, right? in a community, any community, you can get shown exactly how to find partners, investors, who you're looking for, opportunities, right? Just like yours, right? We've had members and we have it all the time. And that's the reason why we want people in for life. And when people come in, you're in it, right? We want you here because collaborating, investing, doing deals, raising capital, closing deals is how you make this happen, right? Yeah. Scared money doesn't make money, huh? So, you're scared that money doesn't make money. Elaborate on that, Michelle. Very curious. &gt;&gt; Oh, scared. Money doesn't make money. Trying to understand that. Is that what I'm understanding? &gt;&gt; Is that a phrase or is it a question? Sorry. &gt;&gt; Oh, scared money doesn't make money. You're making a Oh, you're making a statement. Love it. Got it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, that's very true. Yeah. Scared money doesn't make money. That's right. Um, that's right. You know, if you don't do anything, you'll never make money. That's very, very true. It's very, very true. Um, yeah, William is in there, Bill. See you that and there. Um, so yeah, this is definitely a big one. I don't have enough money to start, but I think we've conquered that one. I think people understand as we've kind of shown you how to break down deals, the financial structure, right? Because, as you know, you have two options, right? You have two options. You can do it all with your own money. That's going to be a lot harder. I did it. We got up to 20 units, okay? And we did it all with our own money. And I was proud of that, but we wanted more. We still want more. And I had to learn a skill set, which is what you're here doing is learning a very valuable skill set because once you have this skill set, now you're extremely valuable to not only yourself and your family, but now this is like literally getting a neurosurgeon job, right? But now you're doing it for apartments. Very, very valuable. Uh, William had asked, "Bill, you said, 'If I do the platinum, how quick would I be working to find and close a deal? I'm looking for something now, but of course, a mentor standing beside me would be great." Uh, 90 days or less, man. I mean, you come in, we're flying out. It's quick. I mean, to give you an example, Michael's been in for, I think, two and a half, three weeks, and we're meeting him tomorrow um in his market. So, that's a great question. Uh, what kind of return do you typically offer LPS? It varies per deal, but usually you're going to give them 30 to 40% of the deal. I'm sorry, excuse me. 60 to 70% of the deal to your LPs for bringing in 90% of the money. So, you're going to give them 60 to 70% of the deal for bringing in 90% of the money and a preferred return. So, if we can arrange good seller financing, we can possibly get into much larger units for the first one. Yes, Jay. Uh, to give you perspective, uh, the I mean, there's seller financing happening all the time. That's actually one of the creative financing is what you're talking about. And that is one of the big things that we teach because in commercial real estate, even more so than single family, right? So all the people that you know sub two all that other stuff and single family and that's all great nothing wrong with it but that game of creative financing is more prominent through seller financing either through the debt or the equity side of it right either the loan or the equity much more prominent in apartments than single family right because keep in mind 95% of the loans in commercial real estate are assumable not in residential Right. So the whole sub game that they talk about, right, where you're technically taking on loans when you're legally not supposed to technically understand they work around that, but in commercial 90 to 95% of all the loans are assumable loans. So you can come in, you can assume that debt if it's good debt, right, interest rate wise and all that stuff that's happening and then you get the difference through seller financing creatively, all that other stuff. So you may not need to raise as much money. So when we talk about like OPM, right? OPM, right? The OPM money, where does that come from? Right? We said that it comes from a few different sources. You have friends and family. I'll just put FF, friends and family. It's kind of like your network. You have community, right? You have the seller financing game, right? That's creative financing. Seller financing. creative financing, you have private lenders, right? All of this incorporates OPM. So when they talk about OPM, that includes seller financing, creative financing. It's all the above, right? The money comes from many, many sources. All the above. Okay. Um, what is the average length of time generally it takes for a 10 to 30 unit property from the day you first talk to the broker to the day you close? Man, that that varies greatly. I mean, I can just tell you that most the people in the community 90 days or less, six months or less. Absolutely. I mean, if you're doing the work, right, you got everybody's got to show up, right? We're going to do our part of the bargain, but yeah, you got to show up, right? You got to like lean in, which is why I say, you know, spending an hour or two a day. I mean, to give you an example, which is crazy, you know, Josh Joshua McClur, I mean, was underwriting like 10 15 deals a day and it took him like 3 weeks. Boom, first deal. It's crazy. List you, you literally opened up escrow. It's wild. That's one of the fastest I've seen. Uh, but usually 90 days or less if you're doing the work and following the process. Boom, done. Um, yeah. So this whole thing of taking a long time, it only takes long if you take long. But if you lean in and do the process, you'll absolutely execute. Absolutely execute. Uh is LP you said that's limited partner is limited partner 6% 6% preferred paid monthly. No, it is not. And that preferred return is not guaranteed, William. That is not guaranteed. Let me explain what William's talking about here. Okay. And I'll keep going on some of these things. Um, so that way everybody we stay on point with a couple of these Q&amp; A's, but I think this is important. So when you're talking about what you give your limited partners, right, the limited partner typically gets 60 to 70% of the cash and profit. Okay, they're bringing in 90% of your money and they're getting that they'll also get a 6 to 8% what's called a preferred return preferred return that is not guaranteed. None of this is guaranteed. So if there is not cash flow available to pay then it just get what's called acred. It gets acred. No different than normal accounting, right? You have cash accounting, which is money going out. You have acrruel accounting and it's acred. It's owed. It just can't be paid because there's not enough cash flow. Not enough cash flow. We're having to do this on one of our deals right now, right? Because the market's challenging. We're acrewing it. They're owed it, right? But we can't pay it. It's just not there right now. But it's acrewing. They get statements showing them, hey, you're owed this money. It's going to come out. It's just a timing issue, but it can't come out right now, right? because we have to protect the asset, protect your initial money. Uh, is it common to see 80/20 splits in today's market sometimes, Craig? Yes. If the if it takes it, and several community members and men mentees have done this to get the deal across the finish line to get the returns right up for the investors. Yes, you can go to an 8020 split. I actually did that split on our first deal. On our first deal to get it across the finish line and make it work for everybody. it was okay to do that. But keep in mind, you are your own investor. So it may be 8020, but you're getting your piece of that 80%. Make sense? Because you actually become your own investor in your own deal. That 20% you're talking about as the general partner. You're getting that as kind of what they call the promote, right? It's like the tip like we were talking about yesterday. Talking about yesterday. Uh would it be right by saying you would want to give your LPS higher returns if all possible like 70% until you get a track record? Yes. So you as Craig was saying above you can do 80%. I've seen that right and kind of like your first deal. The key is this. You just want to get your investors that if you can get your investors that in an annualized return on their money, if I came to all of you right now on this and I said, "Hey, I have this 15 unit deal in, you know, Tucson, Arizona. Here's all the information on it. Projected returns are 14 to 20% a year on your money." and it's a minimum $25,000 to get into that deal. Who do you know that may have some interest? You're like, I'm getting 14 to 20% a year on my money. Yep. That's the projected returns on your money every single year. And here's all the data to back it up. You can review it and then let's have a phone conversation. It's a minimum that to get involved. It's a 3 to 5year deal. Our plan is to refinance it maybe here. Hold it to here. So your money's in and out in three to five years. Minimum 25,000 to get involved. Projected returns on your money every single year is 14 to 20%. And you're going to have ownership in a 15-unit apartment complex in Tucson, Arizona. Most of you would say, "That's pretty interesting. Can you show me some information?" And that's where the pitch deck would go across. You'd have a phone conversation and the money starts to come in. Okay, that is that process. Does that make sense? Because if if you can produce that, which is better than the stock market, it's better than a 401k, it's better than an IRA, it's better than a Roth, it's probably better than crypto. Crypto's up and down, left, right, just depends. And it's it's mitigated risk, right? It's risk adjusted returns, right? You're buying into an asset that's cash flowing today and it's a tangible real estate asset. And this does not even include the tax benefits. This is just cash flow and profits. Once you add the tax benefits on top of that, this is closer to 30 35%. 30 35% a year when you actually add in the tax benefits that they get. Okay. Um, great question. We would want to identify another market closed by &gt;&gt; Okay. So, if you're in a bad market for multifamily, how would you do uh the one-on-one? Uh, we would identify the market that's a good market outside of the one you're in. So give you example uh the folks that are in California right if you were then in California you would you come in and say okay where are you comfortable investing or where would you like to invest here's some here's some suggestions which ones would you like and then we would identify it then we're like okay it's going to be you know Oklahoma City Oklahoma beautiful so that's now your market you're going to be targeting we're flying out let's get on the ground and bada bing bada boom that's how we're going to do it um you're in Minnesota Jay yeah I mean I mean, technically not a bad market. Um, I don't know how the landlord tenant laws are up there. So, you'd want to take a look at that. Make sure that if people don't pay rent, you can get them out. It's important. Um, so Kevin had asked if you divide up the 60 to 70% by the number of LPS you have in the deal. Correct. So, they'll get their percentage their prata percentage of that that lump sum. That is correct. They do not get interest on it. a um I mean they are technically they're getting their preferred return. So that's what that preferred return is a is an interest on their money. So they're getting it. It's it's acrewing. So they're getting it. Um yes, you're getting the asset management and other fees even if you're acrewing. That's all built-in expenses into the project. That's correct. Um does it matter how many LPs you have on a deal? No, it does not. You can have unlimited technically. Is there a reason why you'd have a minimum investment? Uh, yes. You always need a minimum investment because you're selling shares of ownership. Shares of ownership. So that share costs X. Typically 25,000 would be your minimum. You'd want that. Keep in mind you're not taking grandma's last 10,000 15,000. Okay? If they're a nonacredited investor, that's okay. That happens to where they're nonacredited. Totally fine. Totally normal. Uh, I mean, in our first deal, of the eight people that I had in my first deal where we raised 900 grand with eight people, um, only two of them were accredited investors, six of them were not. Okay, so six of them were not just normal people that put in 25 grand, 50 grand, and that worked. You can do that. Well, once again, these are all the things like these are great questions, but everything you're talking about right here is a deep dive when you're part of the community, which is great and I love talking about it. I could literally sit here for 14 hours and do it. I love it. Uh, fewer investors better because Yeah, it's always better, David. If somebody can give you a single check and that's an investor that believes in you, rock and roll, baby. And it keeps you from having to probably syndicate a deal, too. Meaning like do the full-blown securities attorney stuff because it's one person, you know them well. You can just do a normal operating agreement and you do it that way. Who's keeping track of the records of accounting on each deal, dispersing returns, etc. Great question, Ryan. So, that would come through a couple ways in the beginning, right? It'll be through a bookkeeper. Once again, this is all the team stuff that gets put in place. A bookkeeper. We have bookkeepers. You can have a bookkeeper. Bookkeeper will keep the basic records in a QuickBooks. Okay? And then your CPA, which we have our CPAs, all of our vendors and systems are available to you in the community. CPAs would do the tax returns side of it. So bookkeeper does all the records you're talking about on the property, all of that stuff. The CPA will handle kind of the highle tax returns and that's way you'll handle all of the records and stuff. Great question. The property manager, by the way, will handle like the actual property financials, the property financials. So you'll get property financial reports from the property manager. Those reports will go to your bookkeeper. Your bookkeeper will keep those records in the QuickBooks. your CPA will take all of that at the end of each year and produce the tax returns. So, that is the system. How long will the thousand deposit hold? Uh, it's really event specific. Um, Marty, and I love you, by the way. Thank you for being on here. I've known Marty for years. Incredible human being, by the way. So, thank you for being here. This is cool. Um, yeah, it's really So, by 12:30 today, we're having the welcome celebration for everybody that's kind of taken this commitment. So, if you want to just lock it in, right? Just lock in. Oh, you're asking how long will it lock in the pricing? Oh, it'll probably lock it in for a little bit of time here, right? So, if you will need to figure out which direction you're going, uh, several days here, like if we need to get into next week on that, but ideally, we'd like to at least have you lock that in to hold it, right? That's all you're doing is holding it. And then you could decide which direction you go, platinum or accelerator within several days. You have time for that. You have time for that. Um does your software so our real estate radar.ai software so we have our software that we developed with our uh developer guys called real estate radar.ai right you can literally go to the website for it uh real estate uh real estate sorry you want estate so it's real estate radar.ai AI uh does the software help track each LP's participation and uh no so that's not um the real estate radar the deal finding software is just deal finding the CRM you're talking about it will uh organize all your investors yes but if you want to actually have an investor relations software which is what you're talking about you don't need that initially you can it's an investment to do that we uh use what's called syndication pro syndic Syndication Pro. You can look that up. That's in our vendors. So, when you come in, it's right there. And we give everybody in our community a discount coupon on that. It's Syndication Pro. It's not our software. It's a third party that we use for our investor relation software, which is what you're referencing, right? Syndication Pro. That'll handle everything you're talking about, okay? In detail. And that's But you don't need that in the beginning, right? For your first two deals. It's just you can organize it and control it on Excel and stuff. You just keep it simple, right? I think that's really important for everybody to understand. Keep it simple. That's why you're here. That's why you get handheld to walk through this process. Let's get you into the first deal, right? Execute. Once you get there, then you're growing. Because once you get through that first process, guys, and you heard everybody talk about it yesterday, it's getting over that first hump. And once you get that first deal, which is always the hardest one. It always is. I don't care what you do in life. The first one's always the hardest. it will get better, right? It gets more efficient. You learn so much. It's incredible how much you're going to learn. And then now it's like boom, right? You get it. It all starts to connect and you see how everything relates. Um. Yes. Beautiful. Awesome, Marty. Thank you for that. Thank you for that. All right. Let's keep going through some of these. Uh, I don't have the time. I don't have the time. And this was a big one for people. You're busy people, families, professionals. You have stuff going on, right? having the time. It really comes down to this, like do you care enough, right? But that's why you also focus on leverage, right? And with the right systems and people in place, you can own a 20 plus unit apartment building and spend less than five hours a week managing it because once you own it, as I said, the property managers are going to run the day-to-day. You're just going to be there like a CEO would to answer highle questions and issues. So, it's all a matter of getting it in motion and building upon something, but you're building a business. You're building an empire for you and your family. you're setting up that passive money. It goes back to this whole game of moving from this active world of money into more passive world of money. Then now you can have more time to p, you know, focus on your passions, right? Whether it's philanthropy, whether it's travel, whether it's spending more time with your kids, all this stuff that's so critical to our lives. It's very hard to have it if you're in the hamster wheel every day having to deal with trading time for money in the active world. So, yeah, it takes time to build the momentum, but when that momentum is built, spending five hours a week managing the investment all day long. All day long. I mean, there's properties we have now, guys, that they're running so efficiently. I mean, I haven't been to them in a year, and then I'll get the reports from the property manager every week, and because the numbers are all in alignment, which we'll talk about today, what you look for, uh, we don't even have conversations because everything's running smoothly. Beautiful. you know, money's coming in, distributions are going out. Money's coming in, distributions are going out, but yeah, once you get it there, it doesn't take a lot of time. It's bada bing, bada boom, and that's what you're building for. Uh, does the radar software give you info on offmarket properties and how much its monthly cost is using? Yes, 100%, Chuck. So, it's a software design, and you can go to the website real estateraar.ai if you just want to see everything. By the way, it's all included as a part of the community. So when people come into the community, you get the software included. So what that's going to do is allow you to see offmarket deals direct to the owners, right? Direct to the owners because remember there's two ways to find properties. Direct to the brokers, which we've shown you, direct to the owners, which is what software does. That's what software does because that allows you to find in our case 170 million assets around the United States. First of all, you can try that software out. Okay, not a problem. But yeah, the community you get that it's all included. Um, scroll down. Yeah, the preferred return, all the returns to you and investors and everybody are paid quarterly, right? They're acred and paid quarterly. Acred and paid quarterly, presuming there's cash flow to do it, right? Which there 90% of the time there always is, but sometimes there may not be. But it's always acred and paid quarterly. Great question. Yep. Uh, I don't know how to find good deals. Uh, the good news is you do not have to reinvent the wheel, right? We've shown you as I was talking, it's direct to broker, direct to owner, direct to broker, direct to owner. So, the deal finding methods and the software, right, that our mentees use to find offmarket opportunities every single week. Okay? Every single week. So, once you actually know the process, right, of finding the deals, it becomes repeatable. It's very, very, very repeatable. It's just knowing the process, right? Like we're the first one we always teach on because it's the most efficient use of your time, your time is the director broker approach because the broker's out there doing all the bird dog and they're getting paid to do that, right? They're getting paid, right, to bring in deals to the market of which you can then go after. So if you go the direct to owner approach, all you're doing is bypassing the broker. You're essentially becoming your own broker to find the deals. software allows you to be more efficient with it. But that's all you're doing is you're bypassing the broker who's on the phone calling us as owners every day. I mean, I probably get three emails, four texts, and 10 calls from brokers all around the country asking if we want to sell our deals. And you know, I even get I get letters, right? The direct to owner approach. I get letters from investors saying, "Hey, I drove by your property. I really like it. Would you like to sell?" Right? Right. And that's all built into our software, by the way, because our software allows you to do marketing, uh, mailers, postcards, text messages, phone numbers, skip tracing, all of that stuff to market out to the owners, uh, as well as kind of finding deals and organizing them and running that process. Um, Renee asked, "When are the mentor meetings trying to figure out uh, against your day schedule?" Yeah, so we've segmented them specific to people that are busy. So we have right now uh two week. Okay, two a week. And then we're adding more, right? Because we want to keep them small and intimate, right? So you're not getting on big ass Zoom calls with 400 people. Small and intimate. So that way you have direct access to me. And then we have our one-on ones. So if you decide to do the accelerator, we're still doing one-on- onsce a month, you and I, to go through it. Okay? So that's happening throughout the week on scheduled time. So we have a morning and an evening session based upon people's schedules, right? And then Zach, your accountability coach, will be reaching out to you every single week to see how things are going, what we need to do, and make sure you're following your 90-day action guide that we're going to put you through. So, yeah, great questions. Uh, Victor had asked, "From your experience, Justin, what is the average monthly income a general partner makes per apartment unit, keeping in mind the larger deals you have, multiple GPS, all that other stuff?" Awesome question. So, this came to people, Victor, because I get the question all the time, Justin, I want to make 10 to $20,000 a month in this apartment game because if I make that, that's going to give me the option to say bye-bye to the W2. How many 10 to 30 unit apartment buildings do I need to do to get that? The answer is three to four. Three to four 10 to 30 unit deals will get you to 10 to 20,000 a month for you. for you. Not your GPS, not your LPs, you personally in your pocket every single month. Okay? Because every deal is going to be somewhere around this $2,000 to $4,000 a month to you on a 10 to 30 unit apartment building, right? Depending on the size of the deal, but somewhere in that pocket, right? Somewhere in that pocket, presuming it's running well, which it will be. That's what you should expect for yourself. So, you obviously do some basic math. You stack them up. You do four of those. You see where I'm going? Right? See where I'm going? Great question though because I get that a lot, right? They're just trying to isolate. Hey, I'm trying to do this to do this. I need certain income to replace that so I can actually start making moves in my life and put more time, right? More time to this multif family. But in order to do that, you got to start supplanting income from your current job, right? But that's how that'll work. That's how that'll work. But like I say, focus on the first one, right? You can get the first one while you're doing what you're doing. You don't have to change anything in your life. You just need to dedicate one to two hours a day to finding, analyzing, and writing offers. And then your first deal is going to pop. And once that first deal pops, then you're like, "Holy cow, this works. Sweet. Let's go to the next one. And the next one, and the next one, right?" Uh, I'm afraid of making a mistake and losing money like everybody. Welcome to the party. like everybody. Welcome to the party. Uh, but the fastest way to lose money is to go it alone. I will tell you that it's the fastest way to lose money is to go it alone. The safest way is to invest in having experienced people in your corner, right? I don't care. Like I said earlier, I don't care whether it's our community, other I don't care what it is. You need to get around people, right? That can help you along the accountability and making sure you're not making dumb mistakes, right? Reviewing your deals with you. We review all of our deals that are sent to us through the community. So that way we can make sure that especially if you're newer in this, you know what you're looking at, right? And tweaking your numbers and making sure that you're putting in the numbers into the analyzer correctly so you can make good offers on good numbers. Okay? Uh guiding the negotiations on the LOIs and walking you through that, managing all the risk. That's what we do, right? Step by step. Step by step. What if I don't find a deal? That's why we provide our guarantee. That's why we provide our guarantee to kind of take the risk and throw it out the window, right? Number one, right, is that our guarantee states really simply if we can't help you find a 10 to 30 unit apartment deal that makes financial sense in your first 90 days, we're going to give one to you. And we can do that through our deals on demand program. And the reason why we have that ability is because we're out there scouring the countries using our software every single day, finding deals, prevetting them, putting them on a silver platter. We take those down andor we give them or we wholesale them. The wholesaling approach of multif family, but if we need to, we'll use it for our guarantee and basically hand you a deal on a silver platter if needed. Okay? So, when you choose to come into a community, we want you part of it for life because we need you doing deals and having success because then everybody gets success. That's the whole part of it. Uh, question from Gideon, by the way. Congratulations, Gideon, for making that choice and jumping in, baby. Rock and roll. Congratulations. Kudos to you. Uh, are the property management companies responsible for uh marketing the property? Yes, they are. So, they will handle your leasing. They will handle your day-to-day management. They will handle anybody leaving the property, coming from the property, the financials, the property financials, the property financials. They'll handle that. Provide you reports each month as to what's happening financially in the property. Okay. But I'm going to give you some tidbits today on the property management to ensure that you're in control, that you're in control. Uh Miguel said, "I have an 18 unit deal in Cleveland. Great market, by the way. It's under contract. Congratulations. Uh one week ago. Can I get a deal review under the $97 a month program? Uh, no you can't. But you know what? For shits and giggles, I'll review it for you. I actually like it. Um, if you want to do us a favor, Miguel, send that. I mean, I'll do this in your specific case for you. Uh, send it to support multifamilychooled.com. Support multifamilyschool.com. I'm happy to personally review that for you. Right. Just as a gesture to show you that uh this is great. Yeah. Kind I'm oddly I'm like a deal junkie a little bit. I love looking at that stuff in a weird way. Uh a day. Congratulations by you. A day too. Yeah. For for making that leap, man. Uh do property managers handle the evictions? Yes, they do. So the evictions will be handled also by the property manager. And we're going to get into all that today. But great great question. Um, Aaria, great name by the way. Uh, what are some of the examples of unexpected surprises you have encountered even after you have done your due diligence on a transaction? Oh, depends on if the seller is being, you know, shady or not, right? Because if you follow the process that we take you through and you have the checklist, which everybody gets as part of the community, and you're following that very specific process, you're not going to make mistakes. Now, you can have sellers be shady. That can happen. But then you have processes to check them. Check them. To give you an example, uh Joshua, who just put his 12-unit deal into escrow, um he's going through the the purchase contract right now, and we advised him. We went through the contract, but we I we asked him, I said, "Have you sent the questions?" There's 22 questions that get sent over to the seller and the broker to have them answer prior to you going into contract. Okay. Prior to you going into contract. And those questions are very pointed, very specific for a very specific reason because it's going to protect your ass. Okay? Depending on how they answer those questions, that'll dictate kind of pre-escrow, this is before you go into escrow, uh how things are going to go because it's going to hold them to the fire. If you then go and start doing inspections and you find out they lied on those questions, now you have them by the way rancheros, if you know what I mean. Okay? you have them and that's why you do it. Once again, very specific things. These are like behind the scenes things you need to get into that you'll learn and then those questions, the answers will actually be attached as an addendum to the contract and there's a specific reason you do that. These are all the nuance things. These are great little things. Great questions though. Yeah, that's how that'll go down. Great question. Uh I don't know how to raise money. I'm unsure of it. Yeah, everybody typically is, right? Nobody does in the beginning. That's why we teach you that process, right? And we already we've kind of already done that over the last couple days, but of course, there's a lot of nuance to it, and that's why you kind of come into things. But you'll get the scripts, the pitch decks, and the investor outreach systems our students use to raise six and seven figures. You don't need to know a bunch of rich people, right? You just need the right process to attract that money in. But, as you all know, as we've gone over the last two days, it starts with the deal. starts with the deal. Then it goes to the debt, meaning the loan on the property. Then it goes to the equity, which is the down payment. And it's that process, literally in that order. Literally in that order. Uh, I'm not sure if it's worth it to do multifamily. I mean, I'm surprised by this one. This is a good one, though. I'm not sure if it's worth it. I'm like, I don't know how that's possible. But yeah, let's go through this one. If you don't think owning multifamily so that you can generate passive income, step out of your active income grind, legally wipe out your income taxes for life and set up your family for life is worth it, then I'm not sure if there's a single opportunity on this planet that would be right. This is the same strategy that the ultra rich, the wealthy have been using for decades. And the only question is whether or not you're going to keep watching from the sidelines or you're going to start playing the game. Okay? And that is just the raw truth. Raw truth. Uh and another thing like there's a great video that we I think launches today on our YouTube channel. It actually be really cool. Can you put up my YouTube channel into the chat? This would be a really good one for everybody to watch if you want to become your own bank. Who here would like to become their own bank? Like literally your own personal bank very easily. There's a little 10-minute video that's going live today on my YouTube channel. It's going to walk you through it because I've become my own bank literally and it's amazing uh once you learn this and how I mean why would you pay another bank to take out a loan on basic stuff you may have for life. I'm not talking about big big money. I'm talking about maybe you know 100,000 50,000 type money that you would loan to yourself and set it up right where you're paying yourself the interest and you pay yourself back and you keep kind of you know turning the loans. But that link to the uh YouTube page is a a video launching I think it's this evening and then one I'll double check maybe next week but I know one of them is for the how to become your own bank but we'll make sure it gets launched for you. Um Susan the question had asked when are the 20 questions given to the broker the seller it's not at the LOI phase. No, it typically goes uh to the seller between the uh hey, I have the deal, meaning the LOI is agreed to and before the purchase contract is signed right in that little gap because typically it's about a 7 to 14 day window between the LOI, your letter of intent being saying, hey, we agree to the terms and then then now we need to put those terms into an actual legal purchase contract. That typically takes 7 to 14 days. In that window, you're doing this questions you're talking about. Uh, I need to quit my job. No, you don't. Don't quit your job uh to do this. No, you do not. Not at all. Most of the people in any communities, right, you're going to start part-time, right? One to two hours a day while your career in business is obviously bringing home the bacon for you and your family. Then as you grow and earn money, as you see 2500 to $4,000 per deal on these 10 to 30 unit deals, obviously when you start going bigger, the money gets stupid, right? You're talking about, you know, five, six, seven figures, you know, a month on some of these deals that you're producing for yourself. So, we're going to show you how to build the team as we've already shown you and then working on the business, right? Not necessarily in the business every day, right? There's ways to set up the team to allow this to happen for you. Um yeah, Aaria, if someone is having any difficulty finding money, do you guys help in finding investors? 100%. Let me give you a perfect example because this this happens all the time. All the time is, and it happened to Hayden, it happened um just recently to Hayden, happened to Joshua, happened to Robbie, happened to pretty much a lot, right? Not all the time, but I'd say a good 50% of the time, they will raise about 80% of the money, right, on their own. And they'll have a little gap left, right? Maybe it's 50,000, 100,000, whatever it is that needs to get filled up. So, they'll let us know inside the community. Hey, I'm having a little bit of trouble here, blah, blah, blah. We'll go ahead and announce it to the community. We'll share the deal. We'll see who may be interested in it. And then every single time it gets filled up. It literally just happened. It was It's beautiful. Happens every single time. So, and as the community continues to get more robust and robust and robust, there's more capital, right? And that's why we we we allow you to segment by region as well. So, that way depending on if you're the Northeast, Southeast, Midwest, right, West Coast, all that other stuff, you then can easily meet up and collaborate with people right in your region, not necessarily all over the place. But it depends. Depends. Great question, though. Um, by the way, uh, the people scared about raising money. Some students have raised money just within our community. Yeah, thanks Christine. It's very, very true. I was just Yeah, alluding on that. Uh, the deal is good. It makes complete sense 100%. Um, can you talk about things that can cause you not to pay investors premium quarterly or mistakes on the property? Yeah, I mean, let me give you an idea. So, market conditions, right? I mean, that's usually what does it when market conditions change, right? And I'll give you a couple examples. I'm going to talk about a story, a couple different stories I'll share here just briefly on decisions I had to make, right? There were hard decisions and I didn't know what was going to happen at the end of the day. I didn't know what was going to happen tomorrow and I was quite honestly scared to death. But the things that will typically make that happen, Renee, is if the market conditions are changing, rents are decreasing, expenses are increasing, and you have to basically preserve the property in the cash flow you have to get through the tough waters. But remember what I was telling everybody yesterday. This is why you do not overleverage the properties. And we're going to get into the top 10 mistakes that investors make. Okay, top 10 mistakes investors make. Um, so how are we doing on time, team? Okay, beautiful. Perfect. Yeah, I was just seeing some of the notes here. I want to make sure I address those. Um, but yeah, with that, Renee, um, it's usually due to market conditions, right? And on one of our properties, and I guess let me tell you the story right now so you can kind of understand it. So, I'm going to give you two stories on two specific deals where I've had to make decisions here in the last couple years that have been very difficult and I didn't know, right? No different than you right now. You're sitting here going, "Do I leap? Do I not leap? Do I do this? Do I not do this? I don't know what it looks like. I There's no guarantees." All that stuff, right? Very, very normal. You don't know what tomorrow brings. But you got to bet on yourself, right? If you do nothing else, you got to bet on yourself. But here's how this goes down. Um, so we went in and this is right around the interest rate hike time. So we're going back to 2022. 2022. In March, we go into escrow on a 210 unit deal in Texas. This is at the time when the market was still very very hot and you had to in order to get the contracts right, secure the deals, you had to put earnest money deposit down, but that money would go hard from day one. Like it's hard just to get the contract. Okay, that's no longer the case. But that's how it was when the market was crazy. So this is back in 2022. 210 units. We put $500,000 down. Nonrefundable deposit. Okay. If you want the hair to stand up on the back of your neck, pull that one down. So, of course, my like tensions are up, right? I mean, that's not normal. But we're far enough into the game. We're like, "Yeah, I feel pretty good about this." I kid you not, two and a half weeks into that escrow, the interest rates started to go. As we all know, we were at like 4.2%. That was going to be our interest rate. Starts doing this game, right? That's what starts happening. Goes to four and then the deal is going to be at five and then at six and now we're in escrow, right? But if we're going to get our loan, we're watching the deal dissipate right in front of us. Okay? And there's not a contingency in there for this crazy. I mean, we have a due diligence, but that money's hard, right? We still have our due diligence period, but that money's hard from day one. So, if we decide to back out, that's gone. That's gone for any reason. I know, crazy, right? But that's what the market was at the time. So, it's not the case anymore. So, that's where that's hard. The thing starts dissipating and I'm sitting there going, "Holy sh, you know, right? This is crazy." Now, I knew interest rates were going to go up. I wasn't stupid, but I didn't think they were going to go from that to that, which is where like these kind of renovation construction loans are at today. And this was going to happen in 9 months and go up 11 times in 9 months. I mean, you can't even predict that one. Good luck. So, I'm sitting here hyperventilating. Meanwhile, we spend another $300,000 in due diligence, legal fees, inspections. I mean, this is a big deal. This is 210 units, about $32 million. Okay, $32 million deal. So, of course, I'm starting to freak out. And we have about $12 million. Okay, $12 million of investor money. This is not at risk yet. It's not at risk. the only money at risk is $800,000 now. 800 grand. So, fast forward, we literally kept extending the escrow to try and see if we could like make this deal happen. And then I finally get to a point, we were about five months in, five months in where I finally got with our partners and I said, "Guys, we kept trying. We're we're trying to literally put a square peg in a round hole because we see, you know, and then you're literally in a dilemma because you're sitting there going, you don't know what tomorrow brings, you know. Do we do we try and preserve, do things right, close the deal, make it happen, and save our 800 grand? Like that's my money, right? That's our partnership's money, right? Between two people, two two groups, sorry. 800 grand. But then by doing that, we're going to invest we're going to risk $12 million of investor money, right? Or do we pull out of the deal and lose our $800,000? But in that process, we preserve the $12 million of investor money. What do you do? You're damned if you do. You're damned if you don't. And I dwelled over this for probably two weeks. Two weeks. And then I finally get to the point I I wake up and sweats one night. I'm like sweating. And I say, you know what? There's a difference in life between doing the right thing, the right thing, and doing things right. Okay? Doing things right would be listening to your boss. When your boss comes to you and says, "Hey, we need to increase profit margins by 20%." Do whatever it takes. And that may be doing some shady stuff. That's doing, you know, things right. You're doing what your boss says. But in order to do it, you may screw some people over. That's not doing the right thing. It's not doing the right thing. And so I said, you know what? I'm going to surrender to the universe, surrender to God, whatever it is you believe, and I'm going to make what I believe is doing the right thing. And we called off the deal. and we walked away from $800,000 and I didn't know what was going to happen the next day. Had no idea. I didn't know if the investors would stay with us, not stay with us, whatever it would happen. 3 weeks after we walked away from that deal, another deal came to our table actually here in San Diego that was an 80 unit apartment complex completely off market. Probably the greatest gold mine I've ever seen. And it was such a great deal. We didn't I didn't even like blink at it. I was like, "Holy cow." Like, "This is nuts." Because it was right in our backyard. I knew the market very very very very well. I said, "This is a beautiful property in a decent location. It just hasn't been touched by this family who happens to own 900 units in the area. This is an 80 unit. They're starting to dispose of their portfolio and it's completely offmarket. brought to us through the family's attorney and one of our partners, Rudy Medina, who you met yesterday has one of his partners and we lock up the deal. All of those investors, all of those investors because of the way that we handled it and we protected their money, all of them came into that deal and they said, "Justin, we saw how you took it in the shorts. That is what we want. That's what we want." and they all came into the deal and we closed it and they're all going to make a gobba money, gobba money. And it's a home run. Absolute home run. And there's other deals behind that. So, it goes to show you, right? You don't know what things are going to look like. Sometimes you got to jump off the cliff and allow the how to show up. But if you you like trust in yourself, bank on yourself, believe in yourself, and do the right thing, do the right thing, the universe will reward you 10fold. Is one example. Okay, one example. Uh, I'd preserve 12 million bucks. Yes, one, I agree. I agree. But you're sitting there going, I'm going to lose 800,000. Why don't we just try and right put that square peg in a round hole and maybe, just maybe, it'll work out. Even though all your instincts are telling you no way. And thankfully I did. Best business decision I've made I think in my career so far because I guarantee you that property would have been back to the bank. He's back and then we would have ruined all of these relationships. And I understand people's fear of losing money. Do the right thing. It'll work out. Trust me. Underwrite with good fundamentals. Stick to them. That's why you're part of stuff like this. So that way you're not doing stupid That's the whole point. That's why you don't do it alone. You do it in community. Period. Okay. Um, do you see community members setting up 506 funds? Uh, eventually, Sanden, yes. Like we have a fund that's a 506c fund. But here's why you don't do it initially. Because you're newer. People invest in funds when they believe when you have a track record. Because they're banking on the strategy, right? They're not banking on the specific deal. Right? So, in the beginning, when you don't have a track record, the reason you're able to attract investors is because it's on a specific deal that they can see, right? They can see the returns. They're believing in the deal and then they're just saying, "Hey, do I like this person? Do I trust them?" Then they're not going to like be a, you know, pain in the butt. Can I come in with them? But it's deal specific. And that's how you're going to do your first several deals. Then now you have, right, the track record that you're talking about opening up a fund, right, where it's strategy based, meaning like, "Hey, you give us money. we're going to put the money into these types of properties and do these types of things and you're just banking on a poolled investment fund environment. That's where that would happen, but usually not until you're several deals in. So, that's starting to happen to answer your question because people are you doing multiple deals obviously now, but not in the beginning. Not in the beginning. Um, the $32 million property Brent has yet to sell, but the owner didn't need to sell it. See, they didn't need to sell it. They were in a great position financially on it. It was a It's a beautiful property. beautiful property, which is why we loved it. Um, square peg and a round hole in this instance. I don't know. I mean, square peg and round hole trying to put a deal together that doesn't financially pencil anymore. That is Oh. Oh, you're talking about mentorship. Square peg and round hole. Oh, yeah. I mean, you're literally trying to I mean, you're trying to take a deal that doesn't make financial sense anymore because your interest rates, right, go from 4.2% to 9%. like the deal did not pencil financially anymore, right? And I'm trying to like literally fit this thing in when it doesn't work, but I'm trying to like make it work. And that that's what I'm saying. You're trying to force something that's just not there, right? Because what I'm what I'm trying to what I'm getting blinded by initially is, holy crap, 800,000, right? I'm going, dude, we can't lose 800 grand. We can't I mean, that's a lot of money. I don't care to who it is. That's a lot of money. So, I'm sitting there going, right? Um, so lesson learned. Lesson learned. But the beauty about it is we obviously got to use that as a write-off. That's the beautiful part. Uh and all the investors like they're like, "Dude, where do I sign up? I mean, that's the kind of stuff I want to get behind." So big deal. Um a round peg in a square hole. Yes, you can. I love it. The change in interest rate, the same reason there are many properties selling now. Uh actually the the reason that the inventory is lower right now, Brent, right, is because sellers are still trying to hold on to these properties because they can't sell them or refinance them. So they're trying to like fight through the ones that are coming to market and selling. Uh they're usually at a good basis and so there's, you know, money in them and stuff, but the ones that are not, yeah, they are stressed, right? And those are the opportunities out there. You just got to look deal by deal, deal by deal. Um yeah, it's very, very true. Let's keep going. uh I don't know how to structure or finance the deals. You know, we've already done some of the work for you, right? You're getting all the financing templates, deal analyzers, all the term sheets, deal structures that you've been used, right, on hundreds of deals. All you have to do is plug and play. Plug and play and follow the framework, right? And get the handholding, right? The intimate access. That's what you're doing when you join any community. I once again, I don't care if it's us or somebody else. When you join and you come in and you do things, that's why you do it. Okay, it's too complicated. It's complicated if you try and piece it together alone on your own. So, we give you the proven step-by-step road map so you don't have to do all the guesswork, right? You're not reinventing anything. If you can follow instructions, right, take guidance and you actually show up, right? It's like anything. You got to do work with us. But the people that do execute like ninjas. It happens. It's I mean it's very simple because we're going to do our part, right? But everybody's got to do their part, too. Uh what would you do differently today with the same case of the 500K? Um I would do the exact same thing. Exact same thing. I'd walk away if it's same thing today 100%. Um yeah, I'd do the same thing today. Do the same thing. Um but I would not be giving non-refundable deposits. So that is not the market today. So that was the market when it was crazy hot. That ended pretty much in 2022. So 2022. Cool. All right. We have about 10 minutes before our break. So I'm going to go through a few more. But these are great questions. Uh yeah. So non-refundable is not good. We do not allow that. It's not the market does not require that right now, guys. The market's not at the point where you're putting non-refundable money down just to get the contract. They call that. You're not needing to do that right now. Everything is refundable. You have your due diligence period when the earnest money goes in and you're fully protected. Fully protected. Yeah. And if they're trying to get you to put non-refundable money down, it's not the right deal because the market's just not there for that right now. They don't they don't have the leverage to pull that crap. And if they think they do, then good luck to them. So, we've kind of gone over this is the five pillar method, right? So, I don't care if you're buying, you know, a two-unit duplex, right? or a 200 unit or a 30 unit, doesn't matter. It's going to follow this exact same pillar method. You have to know how to find good deals. Period. You have to know how to analyze them quickly. Is it a good deal? Then you get to the point of writing the offers, right? And then you get to the financing. How do you do the financing and the equity? Structure it. Then you're getting into the close of escrow. So today we're really on steps four and five, right? Four and five. First two days, we've gone through these three pretty grave detail. Now we're here. Now we're here. Does this make sense? Thumbs up if this makes sense kind of in terms of the process we're at, right? We've walked through these first three. Now we're into the last two. Okay. Uh Pamela, yes, interest rates can change until the property closes. That is accurate. You know, you'll get a quote. Now, the good news is things are stabilized now. So, what happened right in 2022 is that within a nine-month window, interest rates went up. The Federal Reserve jocked them up 11 times in nine months. That's never happened before, right? You couldn't have predicted that if you tried to predict it. I predicted interest rates were going up. Like I said, I wasn't dumb, but not from four and a quarter to 9 and a half. I mean, everybody, you know, was running for their deer headlights. So, no. Uh, but no, right now, I mean, for the last several years, they've been pretty stable, right? A little higher. interest rates are higher, but they're pretty stable now. Um, yes, you can lock in the rate uh during the process of escrow, but that usually won't happen until a few weeks prior to you closing. So, you will eventually lock in the rate. That is true. Um, and it once again, your broker, the the lending broker will guide you. So, based on where interest rates are trending, they're going to say, "Hey, we should lock in now." Right? They'll guide you through that process. That's all part of it. That's why you of course get guided through it too because when you go in the rates may get better over 30 days. So you may want to wait and if the trend is trending that way the broker's going to let you know. They'll guide you through that, right? Same thing on the flip side. If rates are going to get worse, they're going to say, "Hey, we should probably lock this in for the next three weeks. Let's do it." So you can absolutely do that. All right. See where we're at here. Okay, cool. So, I think we'll go ahead and let me just double check where we're at on this so I can answer this correctly. Okay. Yeah. So, we have these last two. This is perfect. So, closing the deal, right? This is that next sector, right? So, we have this, right? We're at the closing table. These are the things you're going to be dealing with in the closing process. You're going to be doing your due diligence. due diligence. That's both financial and physical. And this process is really important, right? Where we're holding your hand very closely in that process. We provide a very detailed due diligence checklist, all the team members and people that are going to be a part of that inspection with you, all the things you need to look out both financially and physically on the property. So, you're making sure you're checking everything off and everything looks sharp and how you would do it. Um, questions like we talked about earlier that would go out to the seller and the broker. So, they're going to answer. It's like their disclosure statements to you because what's different in commercial versus residential is that in commercial it's buyer beware, right? It's buyer beware. In residential, there's a lot of consumer protections built into the contracts that protect you just based on state law. When you get into commercial, it's good old cowboys and cowg girls club, right? More importantly, why you get a handheld because this is why you need to make sure you're looking at the right things and doing the right things and inspecting the right things so you don't make any big dumb money mistakes. So, that goes into the inspections, the due diligence checklist, the timelines, and how it's all going to come together, right? When you're bringing pretty much all the pieces together on the legal and the financial part of that closing because those are really the two processes here, right? Right. You're getting all your legal documents together for you and your investors and putting that together. You have the financial and I'll even add one more over here for like a 1A, right? You can call that marketing, but that kind of lends into the financial because the financial involves two things, right? Your loan and your equity. from your investors, right? This is where all this is getting put together, the legal here, and then you have a little bit of the marketing, which is your pitch deck, talking to investors, doing that other stuff. But it all happens right when this process begins, right? Your closing process, just you understand timelines, timelines. Let's say day one happens here, right? You get your letter of intent, right, executed. You're gonna have about seven to 14 days. I call this like your free look period. It's like your free look period. And in the letter of intent in this document, our templates, they all give you this called our free look access to where in there it states that you have access to view the property, get into the property even more so than you already have, see some of the financials and all that stuff. It's literally like your free look. And then you get to the PSA, right? at your purchase and sale agreement about 7 to 14 days after. Then this process is about 60 days. That's your escrow timeline. All of which 30 days of it is usually what's called your due diligence process. This is where you're doing your inspections, checking everything out, making sure it all looks good, making sure the numbers are good. your earnest money deposit goes into escrow, but it's fully refundable. Okay, fully refundable during that time. And then you would have 30 days, right? 30 days after your due diligence period to close on the deal. You can also get an extension, usually for another 30 days, so you have 90 days total. Very common. Very common. Okay. And that's your typical timeline, 60 to 90 days on your close of escrow, but it's going to be right in that pocket. Right in that pocket. Little easier when you're doing smaller deals. You could probably get away with sometimes even a 45day because it's a smaller deal. As you get a little larger, these things take longer. There's just a lot more in it. Okay? A lot more in it. But you're that's why you focus in the 10 to 30 to start and that's why you get handheld throat. Okay? So that is your closing process, right? Closing. Obviously, there's a lot of detail in that, but that's kind of giving you a little bit of the uh what to do, right? All that. So, why you do it, all that. Uh yeah, the interest rate. I answered that question one. Good on that. Okay. Now, the we'll finish on this and we're going to go to break. So, the top 10 mistakes that new investors make. Number one, buying based on emotion, not the financials. The good news with this is first of all, we're not going to let you do that. we're going to catch you. Number two, the lenders aren't going to let you. They're going to be double-checking your underwriting, too. So, everybody's kind of around you to ensure you're not making dumb mistakes. Number two, overestimating the rents and underestimating expenses. This is a big one. This is a big one. So, this is why you want deal review when you're going in. So, you start learning like what numbers go where and why and how everything kind of gets put together because there's general standards for like how much it should cost to do repairs and maintenance, how much it should cost per unit to do this, how much it should cost to do this, generally speaking, right? Industrywide based on region and age of asset what it would take, right? So, there's general numbers. And then once you get comfortable with those, you know, when you're just looking at financials, whether or not that makes sense or not. Okay, choosing the wrong market, right? Choosing the wrong market. So, we talked about how you choose your market, what you're going to do, and the process for that. And that literally is hands down the first thing that happens for the first two weeks when people come into community. Skipping the due diligence. Do not do this. And we're thinking, "Oh, the property looks good. Yeah, we don't need to do all those inspections, right? Oh, the financials. We'll trust them. Right? Uh, trust but verify. We won't let you do that. Overleveraging with too much debt. We talked about that yesterday. Right? The only way you lose in real estate is if you overlever, right? Over leverage and you don't allow cash to be king. You overlever and you don't allow cash to be king. Poor property management. Some of this is in your control, some of it's not, right? Some of it's in your control, some of it's not. But we teach, and we're going to go through that today on how to hire, right, property managers correctly, right? And we have a property hiring guide that comes through as part of the community that you get, right? Very detailed. These are the questions you ask them. This is what you do. This is what you look for. And I'm going to get into that here. So, underestimating capital expenditures. Capital expenditures are things that are for improvements, right? Whether it's a I call it a deferred maintenance item. Deferred maintenance would be let's say the roof roof is bad. That's deferred maintenance. Let's say that a bunch of the hot water heaters on the property are bad. That's deferred maintenance versus, hey, we're going to paint the property or we're going to uh put in new flooring and new cabinets and new appliances and new this and new that. That's a capital improvement, right? But once again, we will teach you the difference between them and which is which and how to look for them. Uh not raising enough money. You know, Rudy and Scotty talked about this yesterday, under capitalizing your deals. If you end up RA, don't ever worry about raising too much. You can always give the money back. No one's going to say, "Oh, no. I don't want my money." You can always give the money back, but it's better to over capitalize and then give money back. Okay. Um, failing to build the team. We talked about that yesterday, right? The brokers, property managers, construction crews, right? All that, the lenders, your team in the market, right? So that literally the first two weeks of any process you come into, it's setting up the team, doing the market, getting that in place. So that way once you start getting deal flow, you're not running around catching your tail, right? And then not understanding the tax benefits. Well, the good news, you came into this three-day thing because we went into that pretty good detail. We can even answer some more questions on, you know, throughout today about the tax benefits. But I think we did a pretty good job yesterday. Did we do a pretty good job yesterday on the taxes? Do you think like I gave you a pretty good understanding of how that game of bonus depreciation works and how you take advantage of that and giving you the different scenarios and case studies whether you're married, single, all of that and how that would work. Okay, great. Uh and answer that question, yes, that is the timeline you start raising money. Okay, so during that timeline, right, right around you would actually start kind of right here, right? Right? I mean, if you get the deal or if you're going to get the deal, this is when you start kind of putting your pitch deck together, getting everything rocking and rolling, all that stuff, right? Before you go into contract, you're going to start kind of here in the marketing pre-market. Okay. Okay. So, we are going to be doing a I think I got all that. Yep, we got all that. Cool. Yeah, we're going to be doing a 15-minute break right now. So, this is the last break before the program starts, right? the welcome celebration that we're doing for everybody that's kind of jumping off the cliff and making this happen. So, you do have two options with this. If you go to your dashboard, if you want to get into this, you can lock it in just with the thousand deposit. Just locks it in. Then you can determine which direction you go. Okay? That just locks it in for you, locks in the pricing. You can speak with a program expert or you can push the button to do the deposit. Completely up to you if you have more questions, whatever it is. But we're all there for you on your dashboard to speak with an expert on that. And then I think that's it. We'll be back in 15 minutes and then we're going to start with the second session going through all that stuff prior to uh the welcome celebration. So, we're super excited. We have Todd coming in as well on the securities attorney. He's a securities attorney that's going to be going over all the PPM stuff and the legal stuff with SEC. So, if you've been wondering how to dive into that and how to syndicate, per se, the PPMs and all that kind of, you know, stuff that makes people's heads pop off, that's why we're going to give you some detail directly with a securities attorney today. So awesome. Last slide. There you go. Aaria, you can snapshot that baby prior to that one. You want that? Let me do this. You can snapshot that. There you go. Awesome. And then Gideon, do banks typically do deals in states that they are not located? Yes. Yes. All the time. Uh but realistically, Gideon, in the beginning, most of your lending will come from local commercial lenders in the market in the region in which the deal is located, right? We'll teach you that. We're going to we're going to teach you that. You're going to learn all that. Get in. Yeah. Uh do I have to have a mentorship to enter uh your community, Susan? No. I'd mention Yeah, technically no. You can actually go on to our websites and stuff and we have options there to like learn, right? But obviously you're not going to get the mentorship community, right? But you there's other stuff. There's free learning options, other options there. Just depends on where you're looking to go and when you're ready, right? When you're ready to make make this happen for you. So awesome. Well, we'll be back here in 15 minutes, everybody. Really appreciate it. It's going to get good. Going to be really good. Lazy yellow moon coming up tonight and shining through the trees. Crickets are singing and the lightning bugs are floating on the breeze. Baby, get ready. [Music] Cross the field where the creek turns back by the old stump road. I'm going to take you to a special place that nobody knows. Baby, get ready. Ooh. You and me go fishing in the dark, lying on the back, counting the stars where cool grass grows. Down by the river in the full moonlight. We'll be falling in love in the middle of night. Just moving slow. Spend the whole night. Feels so good to be with you. [Music] Spring is almost over and summer's coming. The days are getting long. Waited all winter for the time to be right just to take you along. Baby, get ready. It don't matter if you sit for it and the fish don't mind. Jump in the river and cool ourselves from the heat of the night. Baby, get ready. [Music] Ooh, you and me go fishing in the dark ling on the back stars where cool down by the river in the full moon. Falling in love in the middle of just moving slow. [Music] Feels so good to be with you and me. Stars with cool down by the river. We'll be falling in love in the middle of night. Just moving slow. Yeah. You and me go in the dark. [Music] Yeah, this could be your last drink from a stranger in a bar. The last time that you're dancing in unfamiliar arms. Yeah, this could be your last first kiss. We do this thing right. Your last time alone beneath me all lights. It can be your last night. Coming in here drinking all by yourself. The last time giving your heart away to someone else. Yeah, we can be some history. Girl, I might be your last mile only. [Music] Yeah, you could be the last first name that's ever been worth asking. Yeah, you could be the last phone number I write down on a napkin. Yeah, you could be the last girl that I take back home to mama. The last time that we're talking about this small town drama. It's going to be the last time. Coming in here drinking all by yourself. The last time giving your heart away to someone else making girl [Music] It could be your last night coming in here drinking all by yourself. The last time giving your heart away to someone else. Yeah, we can be some history in America. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] All right. Boots on the ground, hard in the sky. I'm living life, not asking why. Wasn't raised on open fields or underneath the big blue skies. Haven't seen the world from every side, but I felt the rain. I felt the tide. Don't feel the urge to break away from what I know and who I've got. Some people spent their lifetime waiting for a sign from up above. I find my purpose being with the people, the people that I love. Stars in the sky tonight at a place where I belong. Never felt so much alive. We shout out this world. I feel at a place where I belong. My heart is open. We shout out this world our home. This world is our home. This world's our home. We all try our best to tell a story people want to hear. And then you realize that silence is a sound you truly fear. And every scar that has been made won't fade in poetry and beer. inside a place where I belong so much this world. My heart is on this world. [Music] The world stars [Music] in the sky tonight. I am at a place where I belong. So much this world. I can feel it in the air tonight. I am in a place where I belong. Heat. Heat. Heat. This world [Applause] [Music] If you get lucky, you'll get a shiner on your eyes from the playground bully in the second grade. And if you get lucky, she'll make a senior prom promise just before she leaves for college out of state. Your big dreams are going to look hazy. Don't think a thing of it or they call you crazy. Hey, you're going to stumble through the dark tripping while you're wishing on a fallen star. But hey, learn to love your scars and make a p of gold out of a broken heart. If you get lucky. If you get lonely, I hope you run across somebody that makes you a little better than you used to be. And if you worry, cuz you think that Jones has got it better. I hope you come back down to reality. Some nights are going to last forever. The bravest of hearts, baby, they stay together now. Hey, you're going to stumble through the dark tripping while you wishing on the falling star. But hey, you'll learn to love your scars. Make a battle of gold out of a broken heart. If you get lucky, if you get lucky, you watch your parents grow old. But either way, you got to let them go. If you get lucky, you'll get half for what you wanted. But hope you find the light before it calls you home. Hey, you're going to stumble through the dark tripping while you're wishing on a fallen star. But hey, learn to love your scars. Make a battle of gold out of a broken heart. If you get lucky. Yeah. If you get lucky. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] cardboard, cornhole, gallon bag of ice, over cans and inflatable pools. Green grass dance for 90 is on the ox board playlist playing it cool. We're all product of a small town raised on radio music. We've all got worries we can wash down. We've all been through it now. We're doing all right here. Yeah, we got it all right here. I s kers of different school be all singing country songs in a world where a whole lot of things go wrong going right here it's all good all gravy all coming up daisies all the right kind of crazy in the atmosphere ain't one thing missing now we ain't got much but It's all right here. 7 billion loops spinning on the third rock. Everybody got their own two cents. Moments like this make it all feel small. No matter where you are or where you've been. Oh, everything's all right here. Yeah, we got it all right here. I face our sinners kers [Music] singing their country songs in a world where a whole lot of things go wrong going right here it's all good all gravy all coming up daisies all right kind of crazy in the atmosphere ain't one thing missing now we ain't got But it's all right. It's all right. [Music] It's all right. We're all product of a small town praised on radio music. We've all got worries. We can wash down. We've all been through it. Tonight we're doing all right here. Yeah, we got it all right here. All s [Music] Crazy in the atmosphere. We ain't down much, but it's all right here. Yeah, we got it all right here. [Music] I drank last night. I stayed too long. We got into a fight. She's on a last. I said I changed. She rolled her eyes. She said I said that last time. And I kind of want another kiss. Wouldn't mind another beer. And I in a tight spot. Don't know where it goes from here. Will she put me in a church? Will I put her in a mall? Will she put me back together? It's only one or two days. She want [Music] is going to break. She wants to stay in. I want to go around. I know what happens if I go downtown. She's going to get I guess it's true. Can't always get it too. She put me in a church and I put her in a she [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] She put me in a church. I put her in a ball. She put me back. [Music] If tomorrow all the things were gone, I'd work for all my life. And I had to start again with just my children and my wife. I thank my lucky stars to be living here today cuz the flag still stands for freedom and they can't take that away. And I'm proud to be an American where at least I know I'm free. And I won't forget the men who died, who gave that right to me. And I gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today. Cuz there ain't no doubt I love this land. God bless the USA. [Music] from the legs of Minnesota to the hills of Tennessee. Across the plains of Texas, from sea to shining sea, from Detroit down to Houston and New York to LA. Will is bright in every American heart. And it's time we stand and say that I'm proud to be an American where at least I know I'm free and I won't forget. &gt;&gt; We're coming back in here. There we go. There we go. That was That break goes fast, doesn't it? Glad everybody's in here. Cool. Well, yeah, let's get started with the uh the legal structure and the syndication side of it is really important. Where my little uh thingy go? Hold on one second. I want to make sure I have our pencil. Awesome. I'm going to have your got to have your water. Yeah. So, now kind of the legal structure and syndication side. Um what are kind of people's fears around this you know around this kind of legal structure and syndication game? Um obviously the first time I went through it and did it you know I didn't know it right and I was literally in the heart of a deal and had to learn this like on the fly within 30 days. Um yeah and that's great. I love how people are sharing their information in here for connecting. It's beautiful. That's what it's all about. And then Tony, I think uh I think the team was trying to reach out to you because you'd reached out to them. So just uh check in with with the team. Uh no, they were trying to reach out to you, Tony, on that. So yeah, the expenses of it. Okay. Yeah, we'll get into that. Thanks for sharing that, Michelle. The expenses of it. Raising money and enough time to close the deal. Yep, let's get into that, Kevin. Great point on that. Uh we'll love to learn more about it. Okay, so the expenses, then you got the raising money side and the timelines and all that stuff. Yeah, I think the important thing to know is this. The expenses of it are all paid by the deal. Now, they can be paid upfront sometimes by you. Keep in mind that that money that's paid on any of this kind of stuff is all part of your uh 10% in the deal. Because when you do a deal, as I've kind of shown you, right, the deal is made up of your price. Then you have your closing costs and renovation dollars, right? This closing cost number includes your syndication fees, attorneys, legal, escrow, title, your acquisition fee. All of these fees are built into that number. Typically, it's about 6%, right, of your price. So, if this is a million dollars, right, this is going to be 60 grand, right? And that's going to include a lot of this stuff. Your typical fees for this stuff, and we'll get into that with uh with Todd a little bit, is on average, and it and it kind of ranges, okay? But your first set of documents that get done for this is probably going to run somewhere between, you know, 10,000 up to about, you know, 15K. Okay? Now, don't fret about that. Once again, it's paid by the deal. And then once you have these documents one time, it now becomes a template. So now the second time you do this deal number two, this is probably going to be closer to 5K. Okay? And then at this point it's going to be somewhere between 3 to 5K for all your deals moving forward. Right? So really the first one takes the brunt and that deal pays for it. Okay? So don't worry about you know am I paying for ultimately the deals pay for them. Okay? It's just a timing of money. So that's kind of how that all gets paid in the expenses of it. It's all through the deal. Okay. It's all through the deal. So that's that end of it. Great question. Okay. And then you talked about the timelines, the timelines of raising money. So how this goes down, I kind of showed you on the previous slides is right when you are about to get the deal locked up. Right when you're about to get the deal locked up, that's kind of when that pre-arketing phase starts where you begin the pitch deck and the pre-arketing side of the deal. And then keep in mind leading up to this point, you know, as you're coming into any community, you can even start tomorrow, which is why I was telling you, your official tagline is no longer whatever it is you do for work. You're adding that tagline because you're going to start creating what they call soft commitments. You're going to be putting people into your phone, Excel spreadsheet, if you have a CRM, whatever it is, that's going to start compiling a list of people that may invest with you when you have a deal. And that's just going to be this kind of soft commitment list that you're compiling together. And then with that, when you actually have a deal, then those are the first people you're going to blast it out to. And it doesn't need to be big, right? My list was 25. Joshua McCclary was saying yesterday because he literally just locked up that deal. He sent it out to 12 people. So it does not have to be big. I mean, just literally, you know, 25 or less is a great size. Um because they've already given you a soft commitment indication that yeah, you know, 25 50 grand. Sure. When you have a deal, I'd love to take a look at it. So, they're letting you know. They're letting you know. Beautiful. Um hold on one second here. Let me make sure we got everybody in here. Yeah, because I see we got Todd in here. We got Todd in here coming in here pretty soon. So, stand by. So, this is our Mr. Security's Attorney Man and all the above. All the above. Um see, I see that in here real quick. So, we got got Michael Hadley in there. Jason, yeah, you guys are sharing information. I love that. Um, yes, you can take a screenshot. Does that do it for you there, Juan? Legal structure, or did I take off all the writing that you wanted the screenshot of? Cool. But yeah, this is kind of a really important piece of the puzzle. You know, when you're, you know, getting into the SEC, you're dealing with PPMs, private placement memorandums, versus maybe just doing a standard, and that's completely spelled wrong, by the way. No worries on that. But where they're using a standard operating agreement, which sometimes you use, it's basically like a joint venture. If you do not have if you know everybody really really well, you're really really close to them and you're not really going out and raising money from a bunch of people you don't know, you can keep that specific to the deal and keep it small as long as it's not some big thing. Um how much time uh Julianne to give the investors uh to commit in the money? Typically they can drag it out. Sure they can. Yeah. So that's why you create timelines and urgency for them and they're going to ask you that. So, in that initial conversation that you're having with your potential investor, they're going to ask you, "When do you need the money by?" Don't tell them, "We need it by, you know, three days before the close of escrow." No, no, no, no. We need the money now. So, you actually say, "Actually, you know, we're getting pretty close to finishing up the the raise and probably in the next couple weeks, you know, a couple weeks." And then you want to follow up, follow up, follow up, follow up, right? But you can get the commitment. So, really what you're looking for from them is not so much, hey, I need the money like this second, but are you committed? Yes. So then you can begin to get their documents out to get them committed in and then the actual physical wire can come across, you know, within a week or two. Okay. So, uh, that is correct, Patrick. That is correct. So, that was a nice little misspelling there for you. But then you have your PPM documents, and Todd will get into that a little bit, but it really includes four main documents as we were kind of showing day one. and that being it's your offering that kind of expels everything out about the deal. Then you have a subscription agreement which basically binds the investor to a specific number of shares that they're buying in your deal, ownership shares. And then you have an operating agreement for that LLC that's going to own the deal. And then you have a questionnaire, which is how you get through accredited, nonacredited type investors for your protection and for theirs. So, uh, Pamela had asked, "So, do you have an LLC for each property?" Yes, you do. And it's in the state typically in which the property is owned and held. But we'll have Todd kind of lean into that a little bit more. So, if we're open to it, I think we're ready for that. Correct. For Todd to come in, I believe so. So, we can if he if he's on board here. Maybe we have a few minutes before that happens. I just want to double check. There's the man. I know you don't see him yet, but I see him. Bring him. &gt;&gt; How you doing, my man? &gt;&gt; I'm good. I'm good. I want to make sure my tech is working. We're in the middle of moving house and so I've got &gt;&gt; audio thing. We can uh You can hear us think on our end. I mean, everything's good. I know. Can everybody else hear Todd? It's just not us. &gt;&gt; Hello. Hello. Are we good? &gt;&gt; There we go. Now, now we got you. There we go. &gt;&gt; You got me. All right. Yeah, &gt;&gt; beautiful. All right, for everybody in here, uh, so you know, Todd, I'll kind of get let I'll give you a quick little summary on Todd and then he can explain a little bit further. But, you know, he's kind of a jack of all trades, right? He's attorney, securities attorney, um, you know, handles the the syndication, legal documents, even the transactional side in preparation of any of these legal docs that you need or going through the transactional process, I believe, of working with the lenders, if I'm getting that correct. That's right. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he he Yeah. He owns his own deals, right? He syndicates deals. He puts deals together. He has investors. He even teaches, right? So, he's teaching this stuff, too, which is great, right? Because everybody wants to learn it and understand it. So, super sharp guy. Very excited to have him in. He's actually in our community. So, like when you come into the community, he's one of the attorneys that you get access to when you come in, right? So, he's here for it. So, we're going to hide his number so you don't get it unless you come in. Just kidding. No, 100%, man. It's it's all about it. So, yeah, Todd, why don't you um you know, share a little bit about you and then we'll get into some of the Q&amp;A, which is what's going to be a lot of this that you know, a lot of people have a lot of questions around this because most people are scared to death. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; And uh this is part of the raising money part, but it's really really critical. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I I talk to clients on a weekly basis that will say, "Well, are you sure we need to do this? Do we really need to do a syndication? I mean, it's just four or five people. I mean, it's not a big deal, right? It's like, okay, well, you take the risk if uh if you're okay with it, right? What's your level of risk tolerance? Um, so yeah, so we uh as Justin said, you know, I'm I'm a corporate and commercial real estate lawyer based in Atlanta, Georgia. We represent clients around the country and really around the world in uh real estate investments and and that is really from soup to nuts. So from acquisition, you know, advising on LOI language through negotiating and and documenting the purchase and sale agreement, uh doing the securities offerings and so preparing all the documents for the offering. Then we, you know, we quarterback the lender's checklist because they're they're going to come at you with a, you know, 10-page checklist that you need to satisfy. So we're uh we're quarterbacking that quarterbacking that process and then we have our own title and escrow company as well. So we handle the title work uh and then you know close the deal and disperse the money. So, we uh we like to handle all of it cuz it just it's more efficient from our perspective. Less cooks in the kitchen. You don't need to call two or three different firms or offices to kind of get the same thing done. And we know how to do all of it and we do it very well. So, uh and yeah, I'm also an investor and I've got my own portfolio of over $75 million of assets. Just closed on a 60 unit here in Georgia uh recently and and uh you know, looking at some other stuff. So, you know, I I they they call me, you know, I'm just an entrepreneur that just happened to get a law degree. So, I uh I I use the law degree. I've got my own law firm. We've got about 25 people uh in our office in Atlanta and my uh my real estate investment company is is called Iron Street Capital. So, we are out there hunting deals as well sometimes and and it's real mainly passive for me. You know, I'm not I'm not like Justin. I don't do this full-time. I I take a passive role whether it's on the GP side or the LP side, but obviously the benefit of generational wealth and investing in real estate is is the name of the game. So happy to be here and happy to answer any questions. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Now, uh, and I actually have a question for you. So, on the title and escrow side, does it have to be local in Atlanta for you to do the title and escrow? No. &gt;&gt; No. We, so we, yeah, we have a national title company and on the West Coast, it's very different. you you know we don't use the term like close of escrow on the east side on the east coast you know it's it's a very west coast concept but uh no we we we have a national title agency uh with national underwriters that support us in every state so we close deals all over the country uh I've actually I've closed a few deals in California but we do a ton of work in Texas because it's a great multif family market definitely all over the southeast closed deals in Indianapolis I've got a $40 million hotel deal I'm doing uh title four in New Jersey So really all over the country. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Beautiful. Um does anybody have questions you're thinking about? You may not even know these questions, but we'll kind of pop them up. Um and just to give people perspective of how this process works. So because technically, and I learned this actually at my first conference in Boston, technically anytime you raise money from anyone legally, you're syndicating legally. That's right. &gt;&gt; I mean, I don't care if it's $157, okay? &gt;&gt; Or or even or even or even one person. That's what everyone always says. Well, it's just one person. So, the de and I can I can touch on that briefly. I mean, you know, the United States Supreme Court defined what an investment contract is in United States versus Howie in 1947. and they defined an investment contract as you know an agreement where somebody is investing money with someone else and they're expecting a rate of return like an interest rate but it's you know like a preferred return or expecting a and they're expecting a share of the profits this is the kicker though solely based on the promoter's efforts and so in a GPL arrangement right the LP is going to make money solely on the GP's efforts in executing the business plan right so that is the definition of a of an investment contract in the definition of a security. So, if you're ever taking money somebody and and they're from somebody and they're just it's a passive deal. They don't want to they have no operational control, no management rights. Um it's the it's the definition of a security. And so what what we get into is really well what's the difference between a joint venture and a syndication, right? And so a joint venture is if there's five guys or or people, you know, uh and each one's putting in $100,000 and everyone's going to make decisions together. Maybe you may elect a managing member, but everyone's going to, you know, have decision rights on all actions like, you know, whether we're going to hire this guy or we're going to sell the property and everyone there's unanimous consent factor or a majority control factor and you have activity level activity of everyone in the company that is a joint venture and you're you're not in the securities realm. Uh but the minute you start taking someone's money and you know just mailing them their check and they don't have any uh control rights then you're in the securities realm. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Gotcha. So you it does come up a decent amount and I once again it depends on your level of risk tolerance but yeah let's say that I I put a little 15 unit together and it's with you know two buddies andor family member. So, we all know each other extremely well and um I just want to put an operating agreement together and then have them as a member and I'm the managing member of that operating agreement and they're putting in, you know, 50 grand, 100 grand and I'm putting in money and then, you know, that's how the thing is put together. Um, is that okay? I mean, technically, is it okay even though you may want to do it through a full-blown deal? What would you say to that? &gt;&gt; I mean, yeah, that's okay. Again, it depends on the level of activity of the member. So, even if it's you and two buddies and there's three three members of the LLC and Justin's the managing member, but the other two say they have major decision rights. So, Justin can't sell the property on his own. He can't make that decision on he has to get the approval from the other members, right? Justin can't um you know execute a construction contract over $25,000, right? He has to get approval from the other members. As long as there's some approval rights with the other members, then that is an that is sufficient activity level to pass muster and we can call it a joint venture. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Okay. &gt;&gt; Fair. &gt;&gt; But but the problem but the problem that I ran into a lot and I just did a deal in Dallas where uh I was skirting the line a little bit where the client was like, "Well, I've got like eight or nine guys and we're all going to put in money and I'll be the managing member, but we don't want to do a syndication." I'm like, "Okay, well, just so you know, like my advice is that's a little it's hard it's hard to justify that you have eight or nine people that are all active in the company." Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, um so that's that gets a little a little dicey, but again, you can &gt;&gt; Yeah. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And do you want them active? Right. I mean, &gt;&gt; right. Exactly. And and so um and I was explaining to folks here and you tell me if I'm wrong because I guess it just depends on which attorney you're going to but I was trying to share that you know typical cost for these things. Number one it it gets either reimbured or paid through a deal. So whether you're fronting it a little bit getting reimbured or however it is but it's typically paid at the end of the day through a deal. And then that way you just repeat and rinse rinse and repeat. But normally in the beginning like you know you could correct me if I'm wrong but you know 10 to 15k for the first deal is usually kind of what I've seen right at least in my efforts and then by the time you do a second deal with the same attorney maybe that gets dropped down to you know five or 7,000 &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; somewhere in there. Does that seem about right? &gt;&gt; Yeah that's exactly right. Yeah, we we charge 12,500 just flat fee and and yeah, you covered it all. And that includes the you know the operating agreement for the LPS. It includes the GP operating agreement. So if you you're partnering with some people and you got to create the management structure. &gt;&gt; It includes includes the PPM &gt;&gt; and the subscription docs and the investor questionnaire and then also the filing with the SEC and the blue sky filing. So, you have to file what's called a form D, which is a notice filing, and it just lets the SEC know, hey, we've done this private offering. They don't ask any questions. You just it just goes into the ether, right? Um, and then the blue sky filings is you have to file with each state uh where the investors are located uh a separate filing let letting them know that you've offered securities in those states. &gt;&gt; But yeah, and you're exactly right. So, what I have &gt;&gt; handled Yeah. And all this is handled by your &gt;&gt; attorney, &gt;&gt; right? So again, they're quarterbacking the process. You don't need to know all of this stuff, &gt;&gt; but it's nice to understand some, hey, how does this all work? You just pay the money and it gets done. &gt;&gt; And so question coming in, &gt;&gt; you know, why would a client be against a syndication would be one and and then why would people hesitate against a syndication? Blah blah blah. Yeah. So it's interesting because people im immediately think expense But I'm sitting there going, "Guys, the cost. I mean, think about the craziness of this. You're worried about 10, 15K." All of which, by the way, gets paid by the deal. All of it gets paid by the deal at some point, okay? So, you're not really paying for it. Okay? Why would you risk 10 for 10 to 15K and then by the time you do it your second time around, it's five to seven or whatever it is, right? Just depends on how many deals you're doing. That's insanity to protect you from probably hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars &gt;&gt; in lawsuits in and going to jail. I mean, it's insanity, right? It's not even about the expense. It's about like you're insane. But once they understand the cost of not doing it, I'm like, "Guys, &gt;&gt; you're you're you're worried about your I call it your um your uh chasing pennies to lose dollars. Is that the right terminology?" &gt;&gt; Or Yeah, that's right. Yeah, I think that's right. &gt;&gt; You're chasing pennies to lose dollars, &gt;&gt; right? Because you're you're literally worrying about 10 to 15k or even five to seven, right, once you get going through it &gt;&gt; to literally save yourself Well, J, it's important to understand and it's important to understand what what does the PPM do? What is it? I mean, it's it's called a private placement memorandum. I'm going to trademark the term PPMCA because it's it covers your ass and that's the point of it, right? And so, so the question of why don't why is everyone why would someone be against doing a syndication? It's it's mainly just education, understanding what it is. But that PPM document is a giant disclosure document. It's 50 to 60 pages of, hey, this is who we are. This is our business plan. This is how much money we think we're going to make, maybe estimated, but then here's a 100 pages of risks, right, that that could go wrong, right? Yes, we could lose all your money. And we tell you this in black and white in the PPM. It this is not FDIC insured guarant there's no government guarantee. You know, there's construction risk, right? There's economic risk. There's conflicts of interest, right? We're getting an acquisition fee. Well, are we buying the deal because we're going to get $100,000 acquisition fee or because it's a good deal for our investors, right? I mean, that that's a conflict, right? That's a conflict of interest, but that's disclosed to everybody in the PPM. So, really, and again, anybody can sue anybody for any reason at any time. That's the legal structure we have, right? That's the that's our court system. But if there is ever a law and you know, tons of LPs and syndicators got sued the past couple of years when during the downturn, right? You heard of all those guys in Texas losing those, you know, got too big for their britches and losing, you know, millions of dollars and thousands of doors and all those LPs sued. And so the first thing you do is you pull out that PPM and you say, "Well, I told you right here. I told you the cost could increase and we may lose or the interest rate could go up and here and you know, we we won't be able to service the debt." So to that that uh attendees point, I mean, I don't understand why people are afraid of it. I think they just think it's like unnecessary, &gt;&gt; you know. Uh but, you know, from my perspective, it's it's very necessary and it it it helps you it helps protect you in the event of some something going wrong. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, a couple questions here. Uh soon as they accept my LOI, I send the LOI to the attorney and they start um and start raising the money. The attorney fee is it closing blah blah blah. So, no, I mean there's an upfront typically a retainer side of it or starting fee or full whatever it is typically depending on &gt;&gt; although we had one we had we had one member of the community of your community that uh he was going after the Carolyn this part in in Texas he ended up um I forget the guy's name but he ended up um pulling out on but I said because he came from Justin's community I did not require a retainer up front on that you know just because because of because of the relationship. So, um, &gt;&gt; but even with that, I mean, keep in mind for everybody, let's say you, yeah, if you're paying, if you're preunding it, right? You now have this document template &gt;&gt; with whoever it is, &gt;&gt; Todd, whoever it is. &gt;&gt; So, it gets cheaper. So, now you now have these, this is applicable. It just be it's moved to the next deal you do. &gt;&gt; But now you have this set of documents for really anything you do at this point, okay? and it's templatable and it just gets moved deal by deal presuming your structure which is usually going to be pretty similar and then your costs start to go down. You get big economies of scale economies of scale. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, I was going to touch on that. It's not cost. Yeah. It's not a sunk cost. It's not a loss cost. You know, you may prepay it, but once again, the deal will eventually fund you back. That's how it's designed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, there's there's a couple ways that we handle that. So either you can get reimbursed for these upfront costs on the closing statement and that gets paid by your investors or um you know that's a part of your equity contribution. So one of the other things I wanted to mention was um any dollar that is put into a deal by a sponsor or a GP member gets counted as an LP contribution. So the way we structure our deals is GPLP split, right? GP is your promote. So, if it's a 7030 split, investors get 70, GP gets 30. But that 30, you're not really paying anything for getting that. You're just getting that because you're the sponsor of the deal, right? I said it's almost like your tip, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Your tip. And so your your money, and we always structure it this way, and you alluded to it, is your money that goes into a deal, your 10%. Right. That you we talk about that you're literally your own investor. You're buying shares in your own. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're double dipping. Yeah, &gt;&gt; you're you're double dipping as I explained 14 times and that's the beauty of being a GP is you get to double dip and that's why you get to make so much money &gt;&gt; is because you have a beautiful skill set that is extremely valuable &gt;&gt; to people who want to invest in these things alongside you and that is the name of the game. &gt;&gt; Um but let me scroll up to a couple of questions so I can have this for Todd here. Um just want to make sure I'm getting them real quick for everybody. These are some good ones. Uh Gideon's question there down right there. Uh yeah, stepping over dollars to lose or dimes or stepping over dollars to pick up dimes. Yeah. Yeah. Uh know an investor. Julie answer the question was does an investor need to be accredited to do a PPM? The answer is no. And Todd can &gt;&gt; but yeah. So so there's there's uh when you're raising capital and there the question is I want to go back to what someone what someone else said. So you need to be it's a little bit of a chicken and egg because you get an LOI accepted. You're going to go through your due diligence period. You don't necessarily want to start raising capital immediately. You want to start nurturing your investor relationships, but what happens if you start raising capital and all of a sudden you find a foundational issue with the property and you don't want to go forward with it? You got a little bit of egg on your face cuz you've got it started raising all this money and now you're going to terminate the contract. So, we typically like to, you know, but but presumably you you've you've been nurturing these contacts. Uh, and so once you send out the email blast or you do the leg work to raise the capital, you do it once your earnest money goes non-refundable. Um, but back to the question about do they have to be accredited? No. So there's two avenues to raise capital through a syndication. One is called 506b. That's our friends and family exemption. And one is called a 506 C. And here's the main difference. The main difference you need to decide when you when you're going to go down this journey is do you want to advertise the offering or not? In a 506b, you're not allowed to advertise like on social media, LinkedIn, webinars, parties, uh whatever the case may be. In a 506c, you are allowed to advertise. And so, this was a result of the jobs act of 2012 where the private equity community came and said, "Look, social media is becoming a big thing. We want to, you know, internet, we want to uh advertise." So, the SEC said, "Okay, we'll let you advertise, but you can only accept money from accredited investors." What's accredited investor? An investor who has a net worth of at least a million dollars, excluding the primary residence, uh, or they have a salary of $200,000 if they're single or $300,000 if they're married. So, if you have those individuals and you want to advertise, you can do a 50 you do a 506c offering. A 506b we call friends and family. That means you cannot accept any money from strangers. They have to you have to have a known pre-existing substantive relationship. I know that's a mouthful and there really is no hard and fast rule as to what that is. Um, you know, the SEC doesn't want to give us the playbook. Um, so but you just have to have usually there's like a three-touch rule, right? Like you meet someone in Justin's community, you may have coffee with them or or you send some emails back and forth, you get their phone number, they know you're they're a known contact to you, right? Then you go your next deal, you can you can advertise it to them or or not advertise it, you can you can solicit their investment. Uh but in a B, you can only have 35 unacredited investors. So anyone below that accreditation threshold. Um most people start out with a 506B because they don't have a you know a swath of credited investors in their rolodex. Um, and then people sometimes can you you can convert a B to a C if you're short on your capital raise and you want to advertise and that's a separate couple legal issue to do that. But these are these are the basics. Um, and so yeah, you can advertise to unacredited investors. Sorry, I'm I'm using the word advertise. You can raise money from unacredited investors in a 506b. Um, and but you have to know them. Yeah. There has to be some pre-existing substantive relationship. &gt;&gt; That's correct. Yeah. And there was another question here. Should um is there a cut off period uh for doing a syndicate not a syndicate? No. Uh Renee, we kind of answered that that anytime you're technically raising money from anyone legally, it's a syndication legally. &gt;&gt; There's whether you kind of &gt;&gt; get gray line with that joint venture, right? How well do you know them? Right? So, there's questions in there. I I keep it real simple. If I don't know the person that well, you know, they're technically in the syndication, right? Um, and if I'm starting to raise money from people I don't know that well, we'll do the syndication. Otherwise, you can just do if let's say it's three to five people and I'm putting it in an operating agreement and I'm the managing member and they're just a member of it. You know, we all know each other extremely well. We can run it that way to save a little bit of money, but we still have all the legal framework in place. And then I think as Todd was alluding to on this kind of three-touch rule, blah blah blah, there's a lot of gray area in that as Todd knows, right? I mean, &gt;&gt; where do you know each other? I met you at Chick-fil-A or something, &gt;&gt; right? Right. And there's not I mean, there are there are some federal cases and SEC rulings that talk about what they what their standard is or what they look at, some investigations that they've done or enforcement actions, but it's not there's no real hard and fast bright line rule, you know. But I would say if you're, you know, if you're growing an email database list, you know, and you've got a thousand people on there, it's it's unlikely that you know each one of them, right? Or or every LinkedIn connection you have, right? It's unlikely that you know each one of them personally, you know, so you can just be a little careful uh with that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then Roelle said, "If a holding company, my holding company gets sued, uh, are all the properties at risk?" I mean, yeah, you're it's a holding company, so yes, all the assets inside that holding company are at risk. That is correct. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. If you if you have a holding company &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's also why you have each property you own in its own LLC. Uh that's why the bank wants it that way, too. So that way it's isolated to that specific property. So let's say hypothetically for a minute, a tenant, right? Right? This is a good example. You can have insurance on your apartment building when you buy it. A tenant falls off a stairwell and kills themselves. Right? I now you have a general liability policy for that building that may protect from general liability stuff like that. But maybe the lawsuit exceeds that general liability policy. So they go ahead and sue the LLC that owns the property. That's kind of typically where it would end because they don't really have the legal rights per se and maybe Todd can allude to this to kind of try and you know penetrate through that to get to more. They can maybe try but legality may not allow it. Is that what I'm understanding? Yeah. Yeah. No, that's exactly right. I mean yeah that's why if you have a holding company that owns each individual property like the holding company would be the sole member the 100% owner of each single property LLC. So 123 Main Street is owned by, you know, Michelle's holding company. Michelle's holding company owns 256 Main Street as well. And so each each property would be sued, the property holder, but you can't really what's called pierce the veil, right? Pierce the veil to the holding company and get at get to sue them. you would hopefully have a good defense lawyer that would be able to to um to to uh get that dismissed because there's no Now, if you are comingling funds, for instance, and doing some things you shouldn't do and you weren't having good bookkeeping and good accounting and the plaintiff's lawyer in this instance can can trace money and and try to disregard the ownership structure, that's where you could get in some trouble potentially and the holding company could become liable. Yeah, I'm drawn. I don't if you can see this on the board there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Trying to give people a visual. &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Relle. And then each property is going to have its own entity that isolates it and protects it from lawsuits up so that way it should stop here. It should stop here. And the banks, the banks require that because the banks are, trust me, more than anybody, the banks want to make sure that their money, which is the loan on it, which makes up 70% of the money, is protected more than anybody. So that's why they make darn sure that that thing is isolated even more than you or your investors. So, um, yeah, absolutely. Uh, and then Michael had asked, uh, can you post the deal on Facebook with a 506B if it only goes out to your friends list? Getting creative with that one. &gt;&gt; I mean, if you can justify that you know your friends, uh, well, you know, and &gt;&gt; once again, that's such a gray area in a way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and you know, listen, it's never a problem unless there's a problem. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. Meaning that issue would never come up unless, let's say, you you posted the deal, you attracted somebody in, they put in their last $25,000 of their life. The deal goes south, everybody sues each other. the attorney, which they're doing their job. They're like, "Well, where did you find out about this thing?" And they're like, "Well, I saw it on Facebook, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; That's how that's how it goes down. It's not usually in the moment. It's usually later. And it's only in case happens. &gt;&gt; So, that's usually what goes down. So, &gt;&gt; and the and one other thing I'll point out is there needs to be some level even with in a 506b and you're going after what we call unacredited investors, but they have to have some level of sophistication. So, I always use use this example and like you said, someone's last 25 thou $25,000, but like if if your neighbor's a school teacher, right, and her uncle died and left her $10 million, right? She knows nothing about real estate investing or finances or or anything. And you went and hit her up and said, "Hey, why don't you put, you know, $100,000 of that over here in my deal?" And she said, "Okay, that sounds like a good idea." I mean technically that would not really even be okay in a syndication because there needs to be some level of sophistication even of unacredited investors. Um but in that instance I always counsel people look you can educate her. You can help her understand it. You can give her the data and help help her make an informed decision but it's just designed to not you know not to take advantage of the little guy. I mean that's the whole purpose of the SEC right is to is to protect investors. It was created after you know the Great Depression. So, um, yeah, just keep that in mind when people are raising capital. &gt;&gt; Yeah, another question came in. How do you confirm? You can scroll back up. This came through. Um, how do you confirm if somebody is accredited? I'll I'll answer this and then Todd can answer this. So, in the process, your first of all, your first four documents that are that make up this whole package, right, that gets put together by Todd, one of them is an investor questionnaire. So that gets answered and then that is there for their protection, your protection, everybody's protection. That will let you know pretty quickly based on their answers whether they're a credit or not because the questions in there do that specific. There's also third-party verification companies that if once you kind of get going and you're a little bit bigger and you're doing more deals, right, you begin to maybe automate more of the investor process when they come into you. There are third-party verification companies that for 50 bucks per investor, they will help verify them very quickly, right online. So that way you're protected. Once again, it's just putting in layers so that way at the end of the day when push come to shove, you could say, well, yeah, we did everything we know to verify to the best of our ability that they were accredited. And that's just shows itself in front of somebody gets angry and wants to sue. Um, keep in mind people don't sue until &gt;&gt; they lose money. Not fine. &gt;&gt; Yep. The only caveat I would I would add is it it whether you certify or verify but verify depends on the the the offering type. So, in a 506b, you can rely on selfcertification, which means like what Justin said, the investor questionnaire, they fill it out, they say, "I'm accredited or I'm not accredited." That's all you have to do, right? The onus is on the investor. In a 506c, the onus is on you as the sponsor to take it one step further and verify the accreditation. So, how do you do that? You go through through third party software. That's the best way to do it cuz it's a little awkward. Otherwise, you have to ask your investor, hey, send me your brokerage account statement that shows your net worth, right? Or send me your send me your W2 or your tax returns. I got to see something that that shows your your financial uh net worth. And so, that's sometimes you don't want to have those conversations with investors. Investors can also have their CPA or their attorney write a letter and you just put it away in a filing cabinet or put it in your Dropbox and forget about it, right? You don't need to look at it again unless something goes wrong. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly right. Um reading this one question here. So money property put in LLC. Does my primary ser? &gt;&gt; It's a long question but we'll see if we can answer this David. Beautiful. And congratulations David. So if I have an LLC which is going to be your primary like your holding company and sole member entity and then I raise money I buy a property put it into its own LLC. Does my primary LLC my holding company serve as the holding company? I believe the answer is yes to that. Uh yes, for the for the &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, you want you want to raise Yeah, there there's a couple things there because then if you're &gt;&gt; So, I have an LLC which is going to be my holding company and I'm the sole member of it and then I raise money. Are you raising money into your um your entity or the property entity? That would be the question I'm guessing Todd's going to ask, &gt;&gt; right? Is it is it specific to the property or is it into your holding company? Because that big difference, &gt;&gt; big difference on that. Um because yeah, you would want to be ra when you raise money, you're raising it, especially for everybody in here. Your first few deals are definitely going to be deal specific because you're not doing funds, right? And even if you did a fund, a fund, that money would still be raised into a single purpose entity for the fund. So your holding company does not take on investor money. It's not supposed to, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; It's just there as a holding company for you personally. So that way that's how your money flows to you and what you're doing for you and your family. That's it to protect you. So any deal by deal is specific. The money comes into that entity and into that entity's bank account. If you do a fund, it comes into that funds entity and bank account. So that way it's isolated from your holding company. Did I answer that correctly? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. Yeah. And then you run into even uh other SEC issues. If you if the money is raised and and the investors don't have a direct ownership interest in the real property, you you get into investment advisor act issues. Um you know, so you want to have a direct ownership in the real property or it be a like a single member property that's disregarded up into the holding company. Um, but you want to make sure that that the money is raised for a specific purpose. It's not discretionary because like Justin said, then you're getting into fund formation and and that's just a separate, you know, and most indicators, they want to graduate to a fund, right? I mean, and once you develop that track record, a lot of people think, oh, I can go I can go do a fund now, but it's a separate it's almost a separate skill set and a separate capital raising process because now you're looking at discretionary money, a blind pool fund where, hey, people are just going to give you money and you say, "Look, go buy whatever you want. just make me 20% return. That's a separate kind of offering. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And Juan to kind of touch on that because Juan's like, "Oh no, this is so complex. &gt;&gt; I understand that, right? Keep in mind my entire purpose here is to like literally throw it on you. Allow it to overwhelm you. That's the design. That's a good thing because the second time you hear it, the third time you hear it, but you need to understand the value of this information and the skill set you're learning when you understand this. By doing this, you now become extremely valuable. When you're very valuable, you can make a crap ton of money. You understand that? And when you make a crap ton of money, then you have a lot of choices what you do with that time. When you have a lot of time, now you can go after your passion projects outside of your W2. Remember what I mentioned the very very very first day. I said your income in life is directly related to the problems that you solve. your income in your life is directly related to the problems that you're solving. So by knowing this information and having this ability to solve big big problems, you get to make a crap ton of money. That's how it works. So if you make thousands of dollars, it's cuz you're solving thousand problems. You make six figures, you make a hundred grand because you're solving a $100,000 problem. You get to make millions, which is what you're getting the chance to do because you're now going to solve million-dollar problems. That's how it works. So, o, it's complex. Good. You get to make millions if you learn it. &gt;&gt; You don't learn it. You get to make millions. It's real simple. And I hate to be direct, but that is why you like come into this baby. It's because you're not trying to make pennies, guys. You're here to make millions. And this is why you're here. Scroll up real quick. Um because great questions came in. Why do uh why not do it as a 506B or C fund versus a syndication? Um yeah, Victor, great question. The reason you don't go into a fund when you're brand new is because nobody believes in you yet, right? The deal by deal is very specific for an investor where they can attach to an actual property and their mind can attach to it and they can see their money specific to that property. It's much easier to raise money to that. when you begin to go into a fund, they're buying into a strategy. If you haven't done deals, you have no strategy. So, it's very difficult for them to grasp that. That's why you it's very difficult to do it as a fund in the beginning. You got to run or you got to walk before you run. Uh Aari had asked, "Does using a 506 structure 506 structure have any cost differences whether it's a C or B?" I don't think the answer is no. Right. &gt;&gt; No, no, no. It's the same. It's just different exemption, right? So just, you know, the documentation is the same. There are there's some there's, you know, the the wording is a little bit different in the reps and warranties of the investors because with a 506c, they're accredited. And so we have more language about them being accredited and and repping and warranting about that. I mean, you're repping, you know, they're telling you as the sponsor, hey, I'm I'm accredited. I know what I'm doing. I have the I have the sophistication to understand these risks, you know. So that's a little bit different in a 506c, but generally they're almost identical. &gt;&gt; Yeah. in in in um Juan going back to it like when I did my first deal which was the 27 unit and I told kind of the story of this where you know it was in Missouri I got the call from the broker they're like you got it congratulations and I'm like for a minute I was like yes but then like 30 seconds after I'm like I started hyperventilating because I'm like I need to get a loan for like a million7 seven. I need to raise 900 grand. I've never syndicated. I' I don't even know this information that you're actually learning. I've never even seen this. And I have to close in 60 days. I have to like fasttrack this like 100 miles an hour. So, if you want to hyperventilate, walk into that one, Juan, you're actually getting a chance to like absorb this right now. This is beautiful. So, yeah, love that. But yeah, I mean, I freaked out, but I made it happen. I made it happen, right? There's no no better way of forcing you to learn it than being thrown into the wolves as they say, right? Um, so now it's kind of like so helpful when you get to have a little bit of a bandwidth and a runway to learn into it. &gt;&gt; Well, and then and then not to throw complexity on top of complexity, then there's a multitude of ways to structure the economics of the deal, right? I mean, preferred returns, irr hurdles, you know, different sorts of splits, different classes of shares for the level of money that investors bring in. But, you know, keep it simple for your first one for sure. Um, &gt;&gt; yeah, because everything that, you know, we kind of teach is, hey, get into your first 10 to 30 unit apartment deal if you're brand new and you're trying to learn this, you know, versus trying to get into a massive, you know, 50 100 unit deal, which, yeah, makes sense from economies of scale, but, uh, you're not going to be able to go in there and execute and control that deal and take it down. Um, it's going to be much more difficult. So that's why we we focus in the 10 to 30 unit space for your first couple deals &gt;&gt; and then you'll naturally gravitate into the larger space. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; that's right. &gt;&gt; And then and I'm sure you talked you touched on this Justin, but you know part of the benefit of being in a community like this is developing the strategic partnerships with other community members, right? getting getting your team together and and you know real estate investing is a team sport and all of that but if you don't necessarily have the capital relationships but someone else does then you guys partner together in the GP right you each bring a certain skill set but that's how most most of these deals get done or you partner with a more experienced sponsor who can who can put up the net worth and liquidity and get these loans. &gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah. And that's hands down the number one thing because people are good at different aspects of a deal. &gt;&gt; And yeah, you could be great at finding them, but maybe you don't have the capital people together. So yeah, you said seeing that happen real time inside any community uh is invaluable because that's why they're there. It's not just to have some random people hanging out around the country. It's for people actually to work together. And I love seeing that happen. It happens every day. And I get excited when I see people teaming up on deals and putting them together. And hey, I locked this deal up and you know, I've got a couple hundred,000 raised, but I need a couple hundred thousand more. Great. Send me over the information on it. Perfect. Hey, I have a friend that's going to bring in 25, another friend for 50. You know, bring me into the Co GP, so let's do it together. And all of a sudden, now everybody's like collaborating together on these deals and taking them down. And it's like, oh, that's awesome. That's what it's all about. &gt;&gt; That's what it is. Yeah. Um, &gt;&gt; awesome. &gt;&gt; So many fun questions, man. We could we could just go for hours on because it's a Listen, it is complex, Juan. You're absolutely right. It is complex. Um, which is why I was scared to death about it before knowing all about it. But now, because I've heard it, right, and absorbed it and understood it. Um, I get it. I get it. And you will, too. You will, too. It's like anything in life. Uh, Elaine asked a question. So, the property LLC must distribute, correct? The property LLC is where all the distributions and the money for that deal are coming in and out of. It's its own isolated entity and that's what's like running everything, pushing the money out of it. All of that stuff is isolated into that specific property. Okay. That specific property. Um, Nissi asked a question. the asset management fees um they're yep they are distributed to you as the general partner from that property entity right so any asset man any money guys any money coming out to pay any fees any distributions any profits anything coming out to anyone is isolated it's not comingled ever it's always isolated to that LLC um yes it is Anthony to have a holding company, your personal holding company. You could start that tomorrow in Wyoming. You could get that done this afternoon. Go to their secretary of state like we talked about many times on that and you could have that done for 125 bucks in about 15 minutes and we get first of all we help set all that up for you FYI. So as everybody knows that's in the community and part of it part of that is we called our business in a box LLC setup CRM investor website all of this administerial stuff is locked and loaded and set up for you and handed over on a silver platter so that way you're not having to do all this crap and then we have all of our service providers help customize everything for you so that way you're not having to like figure it all out. We get it. It's a lot. Yeah. Um, if management company is separate LLC then, oh that's an actually interesting question and um, yes, that gets a little more complicated. There was a question that came in from uh, Nissi um, &gt;&gt; correct? So when you say management company is that like property management property management say on that question I think the answer is yes. So asset management is you you're asset managing correct. So essentially all you're doing is ensuring the property manager is doing their job and that can be paid to your holding company. The property manager is a totally separate third-party provider that provides property management daytoday on that property. That's independent. Yeah. Um Elaine asks, "What's the advantage of Wyoming or Delaware versus say Texas?" Uh, I mean Texas is good, but Wyoming and Delaware is better, but maybe &gt;&gt; Yeah, Delaware. I actually put put this in my uh my community recently. So, I just made a little tear sheet. Oh, here we go. Jurisdictional comparison chart. Yeah, Wyoming, Nevada, and Delaware. Delaware is more expensive, but it's more sophisticated from like the courts in Delaware are very well known for for handling business disputes. It's harder to sue in Delaware. You got to get Delaware specific attorney. So, you know, if if if you know, and and most lenders, the the bigger deals you get, they're going to want the borrower formed in Delaware for that reason cuz if they want if they have to sue, they want to sue in a court that knows sophisticated, complex financial litigation basically. Um what the privacy though in Wyoming, it's it's got very high privacy rights. You you don't need you don't know who any anyone is, right? There's no uh ownership information. Um the there's no corporate tax in Wyoming. Also, no corporate income tax. Um and then the legal system is just better in Delaware. And I think Delaware costs a little bit more. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I do like Wyoming. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Because most of all the big deals when you I say bigger, when you start getting 50, 100, 200 unit deals, you'll see all the lenders require and push for Delaware. Um, yeah. Todd, your law firm, is it Robinson Law or what? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, Robinson Fransman, F R A N Z M-m. So, Robinson Fransman, uh, LLP in Atlanta. Uh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, yeah. Nay, Nissi. Um, a little bit confusing on that. Uh cuz I know that we'll correct that inside the community cuz originally your holding company cuz we formed our holding company in California many years ago because that's where we were living, right? If I had to do it all over again, it would be in Wyoming. So yes, you want your holding company in Wyoming in personal, you know, I would do that. Uh and then yes, each LLC for the property will be in the state in which it's located. state in which it's located. Um, yeah, we just put up your uh link there and stuff. Um, cool. Got some other questions going in there. One second. Um, scroll up real quick. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is all great because I mean helps, you know, sometimes you don't know all the questions that people are going through people's brains. This is great. Um, so Michelle, going back to the holding company example, do the deeds stay under the property specific LLC? Yes, they do. Everything, &gt;&gt; which is why it's SPE, specific property entity, everything. Think of it like its own literally its own little world ecosystem. Yep. And all that's happening is your personal holding company is investing into that deal. No different than your investors are. You know, the money's going in. ownership interest is going in and that's it. That's it. Because everything else is uh is run at the property level. Everything's isolated at the property. Everything. Everything's isolated at the property. Um yeah, you're welcome. You're welcome. Cool. Um how are we doing on time? &gt;&gt; Okay. Beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. So, I guess what I wanted to maybe have you and I don't know if you have a little presentation thing uh kind of sharing with people, but maybe not. Um because I think the Q&amp;A is super important for people to kind of blast in and and get information back. But &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; um you know, where um where are you seeing issues right now? I'd love to hear some horror stories. Let's talk about some horror stories. &gt;&gt; What are some recent horror stories that are going on because of what's happened, right? And for clarity for everybody, yeah, since 2022, I mean, I gave you my horror story where we made the right decision to pull out of a deal so we didn't risk investors because then there would be a lawsuit, right? And we took it to shorts and we we absorbed that big non-refundable deposit. It was very painful, but we did it right to save our butt and just do the right thing. But where are you seeing things happen in some shadiness going on since the market's changed, right? And you know, you're seeing everybody fight because people are losing money all over the &gt;&gt; place. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we we we have a uh our our litigation department is very busy handling investor lawsuits. We do a lot of foreclosure work as well. A lot of receiverhips. You know, lenders lenders if they don't get paid, they're going to foreclose on your property or they're going to put the property into receiverhip, which is basically like a courtappointed manager that comes in and takes over takes over everything like kicks kicks the staff out, puts in their own staff, takes over the bank accounts and just either tries to sell the property or run the property and get and reposition it and and try to get the best money for the lender. Um, so you know, you know, I'm trying to think like from a like a horror story type perspective. You know, a lot of people will try to, you know, I have a client that asked me the other day cuz he wanted to he wanted to convert from a B to a C cuz he was short on his capital raise and he wanted to um start advertising. And I said, well, you got to have some cooling off period. you need to have like, you know, at least 10 to 20 days of of when the B offering ends and you start the C offering so that there's no I mean it's two separate offerings and he wanted he wanted to do a B right up until closing and then you know two days 10 days before closing switch to a C and not have the not have the cooling off period. So uh you know we said you can't do that. Um but you know people are really struggling you know not getting interest rate caps um you know not getting uh the correct financing financial package in place to account for fluctuations in the market that's really been problematic for a lot of investors um and just foreclosures and receiverhips are on the rise but I think that means that we're at the bottom of the market and a lot of our clients are now buying pretty frantically to catch this wave back up. you know, I think, you know, the second half of this year, starting in beginning of next year, it's it's, you know, we're on the upswing, I think. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think you're right on that. I mean, we're watching it. I'm watching the data and I there's a website that I subscribe to called Cred IQ. &gt;&gt; Cred IQ. It's really just data analytics and it mainly for distressed properties, distressed data, distressed loans because that's usually a, you know, leading indicator. but it's Cred IQ, Cr IQ. &gt;&gt; Uh, subscribe to the newsletter. You'll get to see their information. Very good data, uh, just about the overall market and loans coming due. And, you know, there's still a lot of stress in it. Um, but I was telling people, too, &gt;&gt; the problem's almost too big. &gt;&gt; Actually, it's not almost, it is too big. I mean, you have $95 billion in commercial loans set this year that need to be dealt with. and whether those are being modified, whether they're just being kicked down the road because they can't refinance. You know, there's actually a big issue in there where the lender is actually almost kind of like, as long as you're paying the mortgage, we're just going to kind of like &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Act like there's not a problem, right? Because the minute they actually have to come in here and &gt;&gt; um deal with it, they have to get reappraisals, which then forces the property to be written down to market. And then they're like, crap. They find out the value of the property is less than the loan on it. So now they got to do something about it. So it's almost like they're going with blinders on right now and they're just saying listen, you're paying us. Cool. Like let's just, you know, hang out. &gt;&gt; Well, and your best your best bet is to just negotiate with your current lender. Like your best lender in this situation is your current lender. Not I mean, no one's going to because lenders are not in the business of owning real estate, right? they don't want to foreclose and own it cuz it's then they got to hire property management staff and you know run the property and take on the liability and all that. So we're doing a lot of loan modifications and workouts as well because that's usually the first line of defense. &gt;&gt; How do you see loan are you seeing loan workouts with Fanny May or Freddy Mack or just all other commercial lines? &gt;&gt; No, mainly bridge. Yeah, mainly bridge loans. Um some with Fanny and Freddy. Some with Fanny and Freddy. I've got man this this this talk I'll tell one story where um this deal in Houston it's like a probably $37 million property in Houston and they they we I helped I helped my client buy two years ago and the seller was a pref became a preferred uh investor you know in the deal and there was a maturity date on his preferred return and his preferred investment and my client was not able to refinance it. So, we went through, I mean, a year of amendments and memorandums of understanding and negotiating with this with this group and they just never, you know, our clients just were not able to refinance it for whatever reason. And it was a huge GP team, which sometimes I don't really like. I mean, when you have like 10, 11 people on the GP team, it just becomes too hard to make decisions, right? &gt;&gt; It's just too many people and too many cooks in the kitchen. Um, but they ended up, so my client, I didn't know he did this, but he ended up signing all these documents and one of them was like an agreed judgment, right? Like almost like a confession of judgment. Um, which in Texas it's called an agreed judgment. So these guys just came in, they filed this case, they got this judgment, and they just took the property back. Like literally just walked on site, kicked everybody out, filed a deed to themselves, which my client signed. It was all part of like a forbearance negotiation. Um, and my clients just lost the property. They just they're just out from under him, right? And these these guys they they took possession of the of the deed. They sold it two two or three more times or transferred it two or three more times to get away from, you know, to make it just harder to unwind. And uh and so we had to hire local Texas lawyers and they we ended up getting the agreed judgment dismissed or we have we're having a new trial. Um and and it's just a mess. and Fanny May just sent their acceleration notice and their foreclosure notice uh last week and so yeah the loan's not being paid. &gt;&gt; The loan's not being paid. No. No. &gt;&gt; How long did that go before they did that? &gt;&gt; Like uh two months I think. Yeah. I mean usually you don't &gt;&gt; Yeah. You don't really get on a lender's watch list until you're like 90 days past due typically. Um and Texas just like Georgia is a non-judicial foreclosure state. So, you know, it's very easy to foreclose. You can just literally send a notice, advertise in the newspaper, and then go to the courthouse steps and read off the foreclosure notice, and you lose the property, right? The lender takes it back. &gt;&gt; Um, but yeah, that was a nightmare. I mean, you are seeing even uh and that's why I was I'm kind of curious as to um &gt;&gt; yes, even with your your more stabilized debt with Fanny and Freddy May, you know, what issues are happening there? if there's workouts. Um, like you said, lenders want to work with you. They don't want to take the properties back as long as you're committed to working through it because a lot of it's market condition based, right? &gt;&gt; A lot of it's market condition based unless you're just your financing is crazy. But you know you're seeing even in you know Texas and some other states where you had massive growth and then because of that you've had a lot of construction temporarily that has been built which has causes you know a lot of supply that overpaces demand temporarily and so because of that rents have dropped substantially 15 20% vacancies are up delinquencies up and so of course natural cash flows on the property are much tighter. and it's causing issues temporarily within certain markets uh versus others. So, and you you've seen that in Arizona, you've seen it in Texas, some of the Sunb Belt states. Great opportunities to buy, but it's caused cash flow issues on a lot of these properties. Are you seeing that with some of your clients? &gt;&gt; For sure. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. These interest rates are creeping up and and it just becomes you can barely even hang on, &gt;&gt; right? Just cash cash flow crunches. Yeah. And that's why it's so important to buy in really good areas, right? Buy it, right? You know, the the location matters so much. Uh, and the tenant base matters so much, right? If you're, you know, everyone wants to, everyone wants to find a a C property in an A neighborhood, right? Because then you can increase the value and increase the rents and get it up to up to standard. Um, and that's that's your best location play. But if your tenant mix is problematic and you've got high delinquencies, I mean, you're just fighting battles on both fronts to get these &gt;&gt; Yeah. from from multiple angles on it for sure. It could be a challenge. Uh question from Pamela. So, talk about the interest rates starting to go down. I mean, I have my opinions on this. When do you think that will happen? The $10 million question. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Gosh, I don't know. I I stopped trying to predict that. I mean, I think the market has &gt;&gt; Go ahead. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was gonna say I think the market has adjusted to interest rates being what they are. You know, people are not really expecting three and 4% anymore. I mean, I just got a debt quote for a Fanny May deal for something we're looking at and it was like 5 and a half%, you know, 5.5%. And that's not bad at all, you know. &gt;&gt; Anything I mean, that's where we locked in and kind of telling stories to everybody on here. um give you an example of one deal. This will actually be a great story because you'll appreciate this, Todd. Um so I told you all the first, you know, kind of big leap I kind of had to get over where we had to walk away from a big deposit to save $12 million of investor money. But we made the right decision to do the right thing and and take it the shorts for 800 grand. That was very hard, but we did it. It was the right decision. And that was right in the middle of 2022. best best business decision I've ever made. Um, but we also had purchased a deal at the end of 2021. So, this is a deal in Texas, 121 units, great property, great location, etc., etc., and we have a renovation bridge debt on it that we're going to refi out of in two years and get into fixed rate debt. So, that's December 2021, we close. March of 2022, we all know the interest rates started to go crazy. Well, our interest rate on that deal was 4.2% at that time. Within nine months, because of the 11 interest rate hikes, it went up to 9.25%. So, we had what's called an interest reserve that was built into that loan when we got the loan that was used because the property we purchased, right, couldn't substantiate the loan payments because we had to get it to, you know, a um a renovated state where we had better rents and better cash flows and all that stuff. very standard. That's called the Burr method, right? The renovation value ad, but we were doing it with a variable rate loan, variable rate loan, which at that time made complete sense. And we're burning through the interest reserve because interest rates are starting to climb. It's on variable rate. So, it's burning through that interest reserve. And I see this and I'm like, oh boy. Like, we need to get the renovations done faster. We need this thing leased up and we need to get the refi into fixed rate debt done like yesterday. So, this goes to a point of like, are you going to do this? Are you going to do this? This is whatever it takes. Whatever it takes. &gt;&gt; Right. I wear this hat. Whatever it takes. Okay. What do I mean by this? And our lenders that did this for us, God bless their souls, but they'd never seen this done before. They're like, Justin, you're crazier than And I said, 'Okay.' But I said, 'I'm not losing $7 million. Ain't going to happen. So, I ended up leaving my family and moving out to the property for several months. Lived on site in the model unit. Worked with the renovation teams every single day to get the renovations faster and done faster than anybody could fathom because I kept having the renovation crews tell me, "Oh, it can't be done." I said, "Really?" I said, "I'm a licensed general contractor. I'm going to show you what can be done and you're going to see a level of speed you've never seen in your life. So, I moved out there and they they're like, "Holy Justin, this is the craziest thing." I mean, I had this thing logistically moving like a welloiled machine, like a conveyor belt they'd never seen before. And we got all the renovations done. I got it leased it up to 98% delinquencies down to 2% locked and loaded with all the rents. We got the refinance done with Fanny May. Seven days before the 10-year Treasury went through the roof. &gt;&gt; Oh wow. &gt;&gt; And got into 5.4% debt for 10 years fixed. And I almost fell on the floor. I'm like, I am so tired. But the investors saw this happen. They saw what I did and they're like, "Dude, that was gnarly, right? That was gnarly." And I'm like, "Whatever it takes, baby." I said, "We got a lot of money. you got a lot of money in it. I've said I didn't know what was going to happen. Like once again, this comes to these moments where you're like, I don't know what was going to happen tomorrow. I don't know if I'm jumping off a cliff. I can't. And this goes back to anybody in here. If you're thinking about doing real estate, you don't know what's going to happen. But you know what? You gota, you know, what do you got to do, man? You got to jump off and allow the how to show up sometimes, right? Just there's no if you're going to sit here and play it in a bubble and play it safe. And I understand people have responsibilities. Trust me, I got plenty of them. I got kids. I got mortgages. I got this. I got that. I mean, I got it up lip, down, left, right, up, yin-yang. But I also know that if you want to do great things in your life and you want to get to this world of the creator world where you're having the passive income and the generational wealth and all the quote unquote freedom that you're trying to achieve, it's not sitting in a W2 job. I'm sorry. It's not. It's not. Not unless you want to wait till you're 70% or 70 or 80 years old and then you get to maybe enjoy your life for 20 years, &gt;&gt; right? Before you're quoteunquote done. It just depends. &gt;&gt; It depends. What do you want to do, right? But if you want it, whatever it takes, baby, &gt;&gt; go get it. &gt;&gt; Whatever it takes. Whatever it takes. But that is what it is. Um, so yeah, tell people a little bit about and we'll probably end the session a little bit early. Been a lot of great information. This is crazy. Um, but like what's going on in your world right now? And you know, like you said, markets are changing, improving a little bit, but things are still tough in different pockets. Um, you know, I I'm seeing if and I think you're right. If all the data is in point, because they asked about the question about interest rates, when are they going to go down? I can guarantee you with borderline 95% accuracy they are going down on or before May of next year. That I can guarantee. The reason why I can guarantee that is because that's when the new Fed chair is coming in. Like it or not. &gt;&gt; Pal's out. &gt;&gt; I can guarantee they're driving down the Fed funds rate whether you like it or not. So whether that pushes the 10-year loan, which is what all these commercial loans are banked on, down, pretty sure. Pretty sure. But we'll see. But like I said, if you can get the 10-year Treasury, and this is what you should all be following just economically for everybody, the 10-year Treasury, when you go on CNBC in the morning and they show the 10-year Treasury right there, right now it's around 43, 4.3%. That number, if it can get to 3.9, right? Doesn't need to be really much lower than that. 3.9. That's going to allow all of these loans on the commercial side to get into the 5% range, right? Somewhere in the low to mid fives, maybe upper fives for even some of these smaller deals. And that's going to allow the market to move. It doesn't need to get into the fours, 4% range like we used to be. If you're in the fives, that's pretty good debt, man. &gt;&gt; That's good. &gt;&gt; That's pretty good debt. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; that's good. Yep. Awesome. What do what are your thoughts on that and yeah, what's going on in your world? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I mean I I agree. Like I said, we're we're we're buyers at the moment. We've got a couple deals we're looking at. Um and you know, I think I think now's a lot of my clients are kind of back in. They were they were out of the market for a year and a half just sitting on the sidelines doing other stuff and they're they're coming back in pretty strong. Um and buying, you know, a deal a quarter is kind of what the what they look to do. Um, and so I think that's a really good sign. And I think I think the the last this kind of la end of this last cycle has really got a lot of the I don't want to say pretenders, but people people who are really not that serious about it or don't really know how to do it out of the market because they've gone and they've gone back to work, right? They've gone back to their W2. So there's been there's some space here I think that's available for people to come in and swoop up. I also the other thing I'm seeing is, you know, older properties are going to really find there's going to be really some real diamonds in the rough of like 70s properties, right? Even 60s that have been renovated because equity that I talked to, they're all looking for 90s and newer, right? 90s and newer, right? If it's if it's 70s, 80s, we don't want to touch it. And so those those properties are being left behind, &gt;&gt; right? Because everyone's chasing 90s and 90s product and and and newer. Um, but I think that's going to provide some real opportunities for people that can come in and convince, you know, investors in equity that, hey, those are still really good deals. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, and you're right. I mean, yeah, it's kind of those will be the trailing ones that launch back up and see cap rates compress on would be like your 70s product. I would agree with that. And this deal that we got locked in to 5.4% interest rate is a 75 1975 product. fully renovated though. Good property, good location, medical district, good property. You know, we're just seeing market conditions right now that are tough, right? We're just seeing higher vacancy rates across the board, higher delinquency rates across the board, having to give more concessions to get people in there and keep them there. So, all that is a part of that game plan. And it's tough. It's going to get better. It's going to get better, but we have to fight through it. And you know, it's gonna thank God we have 10-year fixed rate debt on it so we can kind of, you know, fight through this thing and have a runway uh to get to the other side of it. But yeah, it's a dog fight. No doubt about it. &gt;&gt; No doubt about it. &gt;&gt; Sounds good. &gt;&gt; All right. So, how can people find you as they kind of, you know, we obviously put up your website, we put up your information that's up there. I'm assuming that's the easiest way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's the easiest way, I think. you know, just email me and and you know, I'm on Instagram at syndication expert and um yeah, email or or any through any of the channels or my I think my phone number is on the website, my cell phone. So, yeah, happy to answer any for any additional questions that you know come out of this or or you know, have have further conversations. So, 100%. &gt;&gt; Beautiful. &gt;&gt; Awesome, man. Well, thank you so much for coming in. Let's thank Todd for coming in. This was incredible kind of getting I mean, this is legit stuff. you're not typically going to see this, but getting all these details behind, you know, complex topic. It's complex. It's designed to be complex, but that's good because once again, it's taking your skill set to a level that is is rockstar status, and that's what it's all about. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; awesome. &gt;&gt; Cool. Thanks, man. Appreciate your time. &gt;&gt; Appreciate it, guys. Take care. Bye. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Awesome. Okay. Yeah. So, we got a few minutes left here, but we'll probably end a little bit early into our lunch break. Is that correct? Okay. Yeah. And keep in mind, so this is kind of the the end time right here before our welcome celebration coming out of it. So, if you're kind of still on the fence, you're thinking about some things, go to your dashboard, right during the break here, you can speak to one of our program experts. If you have further questions, you're thinking about it, whatever it is. If you want to lock in, just lock in the pricing, you can do that by just clicking the button on your dashboard either way. But if you have more questions, love to be um a resource for you. And great, Michael. Awesome. Yeah, saw that. Yeah, just do it, baby. I love that. Yeah. And everybody that has, it's going to be a great little welcome celebration. And then after the break, we have uh Jason coming on on the property management side. We're going to dive in greatly on the how do you run properties? How do you do this right from the property management side? Very, very, very important. So, don't forget, go to the dashboard so that way you can be a part of our welcome celebration and we're super excited and enjoy your lunch break. We'll be back here shortly. You'll see the messages come through. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Right outside of this one church town, there's a gold dirt road to a whole lot of nothing. Got a deed to the land, but it ain't my ground. This is God's country. We pray for rain and thank him when it's falling, cuz it brings a grain and a little bit of money. We put it back in a plate. I guess it's why they call it God's country. I saw the light in a sunrise sitting back in a 40 on a muddy riverside getting baptized in holy water and shine with the dogs running by the sound of being found whistle in the wind that'll get you heaven bound. The devil went down to Georgia but he didn't stick around. This is God's country. We turn the dirt and work until the week's done. We take a break and break bread on Sunday, then do it all again. Cuz we're proud to be from God's country. [Music] Sun with the Dream, [Applause] but he didn't stick around. This is God's country. [Music] God's country. I don't care what my headstone reads or what kind of pinewood box I end up in. When it's my time, a redneck with a little sunburn. A little sunburn. I'm only halfway through the cool. Got to say I'm here a little sooner than I thought I'll be now. And my head's already spinning around. Today I'm going to hollow every bottle ch that ain't going to stop us. I ain't going to ever think twice. Don't call me a fool if I don't call it a day. day to hell. I'm going to hollow everybody chilling on ice. Oh yeah. When we make it to the bottom, that ain't going to stop us. Time to ever think twice. Tomorrow we make it to the bottom going [Music] away. [Music] Call it a day. [Music] Well, I was only scared of the devil and her dad. So, we parked somewhere we knew they'd never look. No, I'd never seen nothing like her. Playing with a flame of her mama's ladder. No, it wasn't very long before I was hooked. Heaven was a preacher spot in that first church parking lot. Hanging on to me like a cross on a refu. Her eyes were blue, the words were red on that half pack of cigarettes. 17. That's what Hallelu was. Life was heavy in the back of that Chevy. Me, her, and the Holy Ghost. Something about us. Hell of a rush. Falling in love. Lighting up. Damn. Holy smokes. [Music] They run us off, but we come running back. And we pick up where we left off the night before. [Music] She said, "How pissed off would your mama be if we walked in there and you married me?" Even if we never made it through them doors. Heaven was a preacher spot in that first church parking lot. Hanging on me like cross word red on cigarettes 17. That's for your life. Chevy [Music] fall. [Music] Nothing about those nights felt like sinning. Jesus forgives, but I can't forget when. [Music] And the preacher spot in that first church for hanging on me like I'm sorry if you don't redo [Music] Oh, [Music] heat. [Music] I woke up this morning with her inside of my head. It almost felt so real that I forgot that she left. So today might be the day that I might just cow, maybe. But the man in the mirror talking back tells me I'm talking crazy. Mine's been on a bender. I hate the way I miss her. I tried but can't forget her. Oh, I just need some daylight to save my slight [Music] break down. I just need some daylight. I just need some daylight. Has it been a couple days or a couple months I've lost count? Since she packed up, she drove away in that dust clan. Can't say that I blame her for leaving like she did, but I'm begging to the maker for one. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. There's no light at the end of this tunnel. I've tried. I just can't run. That's why this way. I just need some daylight. Oh, heat, [Music] heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Everybody's got a summer that they can't forget. They hold on to and go back to your mind's on the Carolina coast. Still burning in my mind like a red sunset. Chasing embers till September. What I remember most. Bottle rockets in the sky. Bare feet in the sand. Bonfire in her eyes. Oh, moonlight on the waves. Her kiss in the dark. Smile on her face when she made me break out of my guitar and play. [Music] I can still feel your fingers wrapped up in mine. Can still hear laughing. See her dancing. You're making more than that sunress. Says you can't go back in time. When that song comes on, I'm rewinding. I'm 17 again. Rockets in the sky. Bare feet in the sand in her eyes. Oh, moonlight on the way. We're kiss in the dark. Smile on your face when you make my guitar. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Bottle rockets in the sky. Bare feet in the sand. Bonfire in her eyes. Cold bear in a can. Moonlight on the waves. Her kiss in the dark. smile on your face when you make out of my guitar. [Music] I wonder [Applause] [Music] I want to love you the best that the best that I can. Yeah. Heat. [Music] best that I can. [Music] Could be the summer night. Could be that song that just came on. Could be that clock striking midnight hitting me strong. Could be this first half of the third class on the last night of the week. Hell, I don't know. I don't know my bigger timing. Maybe those stars were all lined up, but I caught you smiling. Can't put my finger on it. You've got something like nothing I've ever seen. Maybe it's just me. No, ain't just me. Girl, you don't even know. No. The way you walk, I want the way you move. Don't you know you're not? All I see is you. From the second you walk in, keep doing what you're doing cuz girl is working. From the second you walked in from the second you walked in, girl is working. Keep doing what you're doing now. Keep doing what you're doing cuz girl is working. I want to see you in the moonlight. Want to get you out of here. Get to making you all. Yes. Feel like a sure thing. Keep doing what you're doing cuz girl is working. Might be those Levis or that rock and roll t-shirt, but you're doing something right. Yeah, girl, there ain't no words. The way that you're dancing, I can't dance around it. So, baby, how about me? You don't even know the way you walk. I want the way you move. Don't you know you? All I see is you. Heat. Heat. This girl is want to get you out of here. [Music] You don't know the way you walk. I walk the way you move. Don't you know you're lighting up the room. All I see is you. You walking. Keep doing what you do cuz girl is working. Keep doing what you do now. Keep doing what you do cuz girl is want to get you out of here. making you all stupid. Oh yeah. [Music] Let me set you the scene. November circuit 2019. Put a hole in my heart, watched it bleed. You said that we were better off as strangers. I was barely alive at a 6 ft deep. I was five. Pretty sure they called a hearse outside. Okay, that's dramatic. But I survived. Then I survived. But hey, I think I want you back. Got a couple drinks and thinking it's my bad that I let you walk away. Let you go. All this time I guess when you couldn't care more. I couldn't care less. You're a little too late to the party. Heartbre doesn't kill you calls you six months later. Oh, how the turns have tabled. All of a sudden, now you're willing and able. Little therapy. Now you're so stable. Okay. Well, your next girlfriend will be so lucky tonight. Hey, I want you back. I'm a couple drinks and thinking it's my bad that I let you all the way. Let you go. All this time I guess when you couldn't care more I couldn't care too late. What doesn't kill you cause you sick sl you makes you stronger and blonder and harder. Makes you wonder what you even saw in him at all. What doesn't kill you always calls. &gt;&gt; I think you're the number I think I want you back. I'm a couple drinks in thinking it's my way. Let you go. I guess we couldn't care. I couldn't care less. You're a little too late to the party. Heartbreaker doesn't kill you cause 6 months later. [Music] Seems like the whole world's lost its mind and nobody seeming to find it. All wound up tied with no way to unwind that eightball. We're all behind it. Your selfh and snake crooks to keep you from flipping your lid. But I learned the best way to keep my head on straight is the same way my daddy did. Who needs a C and some strings when you got a stool in a bar? Who needs a pill from a plastic bottle? There's still some shot in a jar. As long as there on the radio girls on the dance floor country on a hook in a line in the waters always fruit for the soul. A little front porch picking on an old flat top and bend and send the blues down the road. Red dirt drive on the tires rolling where the pavement don't your head taking in a deep breath out where the wild things roll you got stood in a bar from a plastic bott. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Old school country therapy. [Music] You usually see her with some salon bling her glass. Sipping slow down. She ain't out tipping it back. But if you see her out tonight, she'll be flirting with Jack. Yeah. And I'm the only one to blame. Ain't the 90 proof top, but tonight it'll work. Anything to numb the pain or to try not to hurt. I'm trying to tell her about my kind. And boy, did she learn. I just ain't the type of soul you say. But she tried and I did what I do best. I took a good thing and I turned it in a good took the fire in her eyes. Put it home. Turn that angel's world upside down. Dip the wings in Tennessee. I turn a colony. Turn a heart gold into a heartbreaking fire. turn a love and a pain in a wine in a whiskey. [Music] And she said I was misunderstood, but I proved her wrong. I'm the same old me that I've been all alone. Now she's looking for some peace in a bottle of strong. Me getting I took a good turn. Took the fire in her eyes. Put it on the angels see me turn heart [Music] Why? [Music] Why? [Music] She tried and I did what I do best. I took a good thing and I turned it into a goodbye. Took the fire in her eyes. But at home angels heard us dip their wings into Tennessee brown heart to heart me. I turn a love into a pain and a wine in a whiskey. [Music] The churches and the bars are all full tonight. [Music] Yeah. The poets and the preachers say the end inside. Everybody's trying to figure out what to do. Oh, I just want to spend what's live with you. When this world ends, they say it's coming. I heard it. I read it. I saw it somewhere. When this world sky starts falling, it's going to be lonely. I will love you till the end. I swear. [Music] Maybe I've made mistakes in the past, [Music] but I got a good feeling you going to last. So what we don't just hang around. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] She is coming. [Music] Yeah. Heat. When this world ends, they say it's coming. I heard it, I read it, I saw it some way. When this world ends and the sky starts falling, it's going to get lonely. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] I went looking at pictures I didn't want to see. They brought back memories. You look happy, I guess. Got the life that you wanted, but it ain't with me. You would think by now that I wouldn't care. It's been a couple years. And yeah, I've had my share of other broken aparts, but I only shed real tears over ours. And now I'm in this cold, bright light. And this don't even feel like life. cuz I don't have the only woman who believed in me religiously. And now I'm in the back of the church praying just to stop the cuz I don't have the only woman who was there for me religiously. [Music] Remember watching you play me our song on guitar. Thought I'd marry you. Act like I'm happier now, but all of my friends know that ain't the truth. And lately, life's been good to me. Mama's healthy and I'm helping out the whole family. But people know my name. I made a little change that don't mean nothing. Cuz now I'm in this cold night. This don't even feel like cuz I only believe in me religiously now the only were all about us. I was all about myself. What kind of man would lose a woman like that? If my soul could be forgiven, I would give it all back. Now I'm in this cold, bright light. And this don't even feel like life cuz I don't have the only woman who believed in me religiously. And now I'm in the back of the church begging God just to bother cuz I don't have the only woman who believed in me religiously. I ain't got the only woman who was there for me religiously. [Music] [Applause] [Music] When it comes to hitching the boat up, Hello. Hello. Is that Mr. Gideon? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we got the Hold on. Make sure we got your audio. &gt;&gt; You've you've unmuted me, so hopefully you can hear me. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's probably what it was. Hold on one second. There we go. Can you hear me now? &gt;&gt; I can. Thank you. &gt;&gt; All right, my man. Hey, well, congratulations, you know, for t taking that leap. You and uh so we got about seven or eight other folks uh that have, you know, taken the leap with you so far. So far. So, you'll be kind of coming into that initial little cohort, which is great. Uh but I want Yeah, you're getting I want to speak to you kind of one-on-one. So congratulations for kind of taking that that leap off the cliff a little bit. It's beautiful. &gt;&gt; Yeah, super excited. And uh you know I I I spent 25 years in the sales uh arena of corporate America and you know had done multiple businesses from uh a uh professional services company that uh supported a software product called Solar Winds. and uh you know as much as I enjoyed the you know having you know the businesses that uh you know it it didn't allow me to do what I was really in love with which was the sales part of it because then all of a sudden you're you're doing hiring, firing, scheduling, you know all the other things that that take up your time. So &gt;&gt; yeah. I got into I got into real estate uh about four months ago and just got the did the class online because it was at the kind of pace that I operate at which is 100 miles an hour. And so I did the class in six weeks, took the test, passed it, went uh, &gt;&gt; you know, went and started uh and I'm in a new market. I'm originally from Austin, Texas, and now I'm in Denver. And so, uh, you know, no sphere of influence and all the other, you know, real estate terms that you, you know, that you utilize. And &gt;&gt; so I was like, man, it really sucks trying to get clients to convince them, you know, that you are the guy to sell them a house or sell their house or whatever. And and so I was like, I'd rather be the client. And so this just it it appealed to all the things that were, you know, limitless in revenue generation. um paid for the amount of effort that you put in and then also um it didn't you know &gt;&gt; and what you &gt;&gt; yeah what you should probably do to position yourself right because you have a real estate agent's license right your real estate uh is a broker or just sales agent &gt;&gt; so in Colorado they make you do broker and then you have an employing broker and after two years you can go out and hang your shingle and do you know be on your own &gt;&gt; gotcha yeah so what I would say is Um, yeah, with being where you're at, I mean, it's like anything, you'll attract what you are, right? So, being that you're an investor, uh, that's very advantageous to other people who don't just want to transact a personal residence. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Right. But whether it's in Denver or, you know, other areas around there, but transact in the investment rental income spot. So, you're going to attract those as clients naturally. Okay. It's no different than I did because I attracted them. I was doing the right &gt;&gt; I have 15 teed up ready to go. On day one after we got off the our our class, I sent out a soft teaser to about 30 of my friends and said, "Hey, would this be something you might be interested in if they were like, "Yeah, absolutely." So, I'm, you know, literally just waiting to send out that that first deal. Yeah. And so, &gt;&gt; yeah. And but even beyond that, even because now you can kind of play both sides of it because you're there getting deals for yourself, &gt;&gt; but then if you're if you're helping other clients actually buy a duplex or forplex or heck, you could like raise it up and get them into 10 10 unit deals and stuff and then you start partnering on stuff, right? You see how that can all happen and then you're you're playing in your wheelhouse. So that way you're not in the residential sales game, per se, &gt;&gt; right? You're in the real estate sales. that's fine because you can blend it because you're an investor and you you focus in the rental income property arena in terms of sales. &gt;&gt; So that way, you know, you're not you're not focusing in in the in the primary residence where people are moving in and they get to see their kids in the backyard. So therefore, there's a lot of emotion in that process, right? You're going to be focusing in the numbers, meaning like it either financially pencils and you're buying it as a rental property. So, I'm not emotionally really attached to it. It's more of like, is it going to make me money? And then you can help people transact in that arena. And then while you're going through that, you're in the space every day. Think about the ability to see deals. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, that now you're in it. So, you're going to be able to see opportunities that you otherwise wouldn't see because you're not head down. Now, you are. Whether that's Denver or Boulder or others around. Yeah. It's a little more expensive in in your market. Sure. But there's opportunities in &gt;&gt; Well, my intentions are &gt;&gt; Colorado. Yeah. Back in Texas, one of the two. &gt;&gt; Yeah. My intentions are absolutely not to do it in Colorado based on the uh landlord laws here. uh you know &gt;&gt; y &gt;&gt; that uh Texas, Oklahoma, Ohio, Missouri, uh Indiana uh and that's just kind of wanting to keep it within, you know, a geographical, you know, area that allows us to to travel to. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's an easy it's an easy direct flight, right? Right. Out of Denver into Missouri, into Texas, into Oklahoma. So, those will be three great markets &gt;&gt; to kind of start looking at when we kind of bring you in here. And then you'll tee off on one. You'll tee off on one. And my gut instincts tell me that Texas and Oklahoma will be your best ones &gt;&gt; to find the best value for your dollar right now. &gt;&gt; Um because there is stress in Texas temporarily right now. It's a great opportunity in the next 12 months to to lock and load. &gt;&gt; Um and then Oklahoma, you know, for your your price, your your dollar going far. Oklahoma, there's some great opportunities. You just want to make sure you're located pretty good little location whether it's Tulsa or Oklahoma City. &gt;&gt; Oklahoma City I think is what we were looking at. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But both of those will be great and that is kind of how we'll help kind of start you off. So yeah, first things first. I mean we'll make sure you get your onboarding call set up if you haven't done that just yet. Um it would have triggered you with some automations and stuff for that, but I'll I'll double check when we get off here and make sure that gets set up with Zach, right? He'll be probably your accountability coach along with me in getting that set up. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; I spoke I spoke with someone yesterday when we, you know, signed up. And uh &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that would have been Justin. Yeah. Yeah. It's Justin with the team to get you in. But then yeah, in terms of the onboarding and all that to get you in and get you set up, &gt;&gt; that'll be Zach. And so you would have gotten some automated texts and stuff. So check your your text just to see um and we'll double check that to make sure it all came through to you &gt;&gt; and get things underway because first things first you know identify markets you'll get into you're going to have two different login. So you have your login for your portal for the community and everything and your courses and all that. It's that &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; and then there's a separate login that's going to be for your CRM, your website. That's all kind of one login as well. So, okay. You'll &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll make we'll make sure you get set up &gt;&gt; and get that stuff kind of designed and that way you're officially official on the investing side &gt;&gt; and you'll have a CRM and stuff with it and then start going through the courses and stuff and that's where we'll set up, you know, the phone calls and all that stuff and registering for those each week will be in there as well. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; Perfect. &gt;&gt; But yeah, rock and roll, man. It's exciting. Very happy to have you in and man, let's uh let's make it happen before the end of the year. Uh that's the plan is uh to get something in the next four months uh for sure and then you know once we get the first one under our belt and we kind of understand the you know the processes uh you know we're able to repeat them and then my goal is you know four a year. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, you know, quick question. Uh, when you do the refi and the andor sale in 3 to 5 years, I noticed I mean it sounded like you keep all yours. You don't sell them or rarely sell them. &gt;&gt; Yes. Correct. So, and it depends on where you're at in the market. So, right now when you do refinancing because of the higher interest rate environment, you're not really able to pull enough out to pay off all your investors. &gt;&gt; Good. Um, so you'll pay them some, but then they're still in it, but you're paying them back, right? You're paying them back and but they're still in the deal. So, it benefits you to do that. And then, yeah, you'll hold it for another several years, but you're going to get the best benefit for holding them for five years or more, right? Yeah. &gt;&gt; If you're going to sell, sell it after five years. mainly for this whole cost segregation game because if you hold it for five years or more, you don't have as much recapture on that depreciation issue. &gt;&gt; Appreciation. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's not going to be what's called recaptured. So, if you take 800 grand in depreciation, that can get recaptured back, right? Not all of it. Once again, it's like a step down. So, every year that goes down, &gt;&gt; right? But you want to limit that so that way you don't have to recapture much if any at all and you're good to go. &gt;&gt; Okay, makes sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but that's how that'll go down. So, &gt;&gt; okay, &gt;&gt; beautiful. All right, my man. Well, yeah, I just want to jump on here personally with you real quick, welcome you in, and obviously we'll see you on the other side here, but we'll get everything going for you. &gt;&gt; Outstanding. Looking forward to it. Thanks. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Gideon. Bye, Justin. wrote the book. Yeah, I wrote the book. If you want to learn to throw a curve, ride, catch a clean up, looking on a third strike, talk a little smack while he's walking back. Yeah, I wrote the book. But there's one that lays by the lamp on the nightstand. One that says don't cuss and don't fight or let the bottle turn you into a different man. Damn fine. Don't do it every Friday night. No get you in letters in red enough to keep me on a straight line. I'm a tackle tra. But man, I got to say that's one book I didn't write. I met a good girl. She had her life straight. She said she loved that I was good at everything. One day. [Music] [Applause] [Music] When it comes to hitching the boat up, backing down the ramp, in my old truck to find a bunch of logs to catch a bunch of hogs. Yeah, I wrote the book. Yeah, I wrote the book. If you want to learn to throw a curve right, catch a clean up looking on a third strike. Talk a little smack while he's walking back. Yeah, I wrote the book. But there's one that lays by the lamp on the nightstand. One that says don't cuss and don't fight or let the bottle turn you into a different manifes. [Applause] [Music] But man, I got to say that's one book I didn't write. [Applause] I met a good girl. She had her life straight. She said she loved that I was good at everything. One day she left me in a cloud of dust cuz I never was too good at picking up. The one that lay by the lamp on the nightstand. One that says don't cuss and don't fight or let the bottle turn you into a different man. But damn if I don't do it every Friday night get you in letters in red and getting better up to get me on a straight line. I got to say that's one book I didn't write. Yeah. The good Lord knows I need it. I didn't write it, but I probably ought to read it. [Music] The one that lays by the lamp on the nightstand. One that says don't cuss and don't fight or let the bottle turn you into a different man. But damn if I don't do it every Friday night. Those get you into heaven letters in red and getting red enough to get me on a straight line. I t I got to say that's one book I didn't write. [Music] That's one book I didn't [Music] I didn't [Music] It's been a wreck me week. 60 plus from dawn to dusk in the red dirt heat. Busting it up for a couple of bugs. But it ain't no thing. Just another day till I'm on my way to them cool sheets. You mean working on the Nes baby dying for your like crazy racking up the time and how we're working on the nice baby. Going to rock it right. No need to talk. I can know what you want and what you like cuz I do too. Yeah. I love how you leave on the lights. Not a thing between you and me. And it feels so nice when you and I are working on the night, baby. Dat week. All but who needs sleep when you're working on the night baby dying for your crazy rocking up the time working on [Music] working on Heat. Heat. Heat up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. I keep chasing that same old devil down the same old dead highway. Riding that storm running through my veins like a shot down tail spawn airplane. Scared of living and I'm scared to death. I can't breathe and I catch my breath. I keep chasing that same old devil down the same old ding. [Music] Just a whistle on a long train. You know it's coming for you. [Music] I got saved in the same red river. The same red river trying to drown me. It ain't knocking me down. I'm standing my ground with the whole world falling all around me. I keep running but I'm standing still. Pray for peace but I need the thrill. So I keep chasing that same old devil down the same old highway. Ain't no just a whistle of a long black train. It's coming for you. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] Baby, it's obvious it ain't just a buzz. There's some heating up going on with us. We was about to melt the eyes floating in your glass. Then you stole a kiss right off my lips there in the back. And you hit me with that smile. You said, "Are you begging what I'm thinking?" I said, "Girl, you read my mind." I said, "Ain't saying we should leave yet?" You said, "Should we call us around?" I said, "Baby, I don't see why not. Would you say we get lost? Leave these beers. I bought on the bar, baby, how's about you and me in my place? Midnight am I knock out this Friday with some cabernet on the couch around you close the door and twist the lock probably shouldn't but I'm taking long baby I don't see why not saying we should dance around then take a shot then find the door then take a walk till we find a spot girl down the line. We can slide too. I ain't saying you should take my hand, but take my hand. Come steal a kiss from this silver can. I ain't saying that I'm meant to be. Old man, baby, I don't see why not. Don't you say we get lost. Leave these beers on the bar. Baby, how's about you and me in my place? Midnight in my night out this Friday with some cab on the couch. Close the door and twist the lock and you probably shouldn't see my baby. [Music] You said, "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" I said, "Girl, you're in my mind." I said, "Let's run it back next weekend." You said, "How about tomorrow night?" I said, "By you. We get lost. Leave these be on the far midnight this Friday with some close [Music] but I'll see you. Maybe I don't see one. Maybe I don't see why not. Maybe I don't see [Music] What's up? Are we live? I think we're live. Here we go. Coming on back for the final session. The final session and maybe one of the most important ones, too. Maybe the most important one on the management side. Um, and we'll be talking about it. We'll be we're going to be bringing Jason on in just a few minutes, about 10 15 minutes. And he runs a property management company, property management company, uh, nationwide. So, you could technically use him, uh, on any of your properties moving forward if you so choose. U, but he also sets up remote property management, too. So, he works with all the above. Um, but yeah, I do want to kind of chime in. I see Tony, good to see you, Ellen. Bunch of faces up in here. I can call on all of you. Uh Tony, what is the TC? Is it TO0 or TC behind you? Does it say TC? Oh, T TC Properties. Is that right? Very cool. What is that? Uh I'm presuming it's your name. Tony Cortez. Is it Cortez? Maybe something like that. Yeah. Um very cool. Yeah, I love that. But yeah, uh let's chime in as everybody kind of steps back in here and stuff coming back in. Um, but first and foremost, you know, what are some of your takeaways on the LLC side and the syndication and all of that uh legal side mumbo jumbo? Um, did it scare the crap out of you or is it like, yeah, this is cool. It's obviously a lot. It's complex. Sure. But I'd love to kind of get in the chat here um your thoughts on that and some takeaways from that. So, chime in on the chat. Make sure everybody's in here. Um, if we message that, does that go to everyone? Yep. &gt;&gt; The chats were all in there. Did Oh, you know, did we go into the uh drinking from a fire hose? Yes, it's great info. Appreciate it all that. Yes, for that. And what's that? &gt;&gt; Is it working? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're good now. Um, and then yeah, for everybody that that's come in so far, congratulations. We had our welcome celebration during kind of that break period. So, welcome to everybody so far. It's been great um coming in. So, if there's anybody that has any further questions and stuff like that, uh, Ellen, you put your phone number in there. Is that to connect with other people in here? That's great. That's the case. Uh, where are you from, Ellen? What uh what state and city are you in? Yeah, Zarya. Yeah, it was really great information. And yeah, it is intense. It is complex, but that's I mean, if you can master that end of it, which took me a little bit of time, and then you get comfortable around the financial side of things. I mean, I'd say that's 80% of the bucket. 80% of the bucket in this game. So, I appreciate you taking that time. Lexington, North Carolina. Lexington, North Carolina. Love that. Okay. So, yes, regarding the property management, and then we'll bring uh Jason on here in just a few minutes. as he's kind of coming on getting set. But, you know, you have a few options when you do this management deal. Uh, it's the self-management versus hiring a property management company. And it's my advice and we advise everybody in the community, hire PM companies. And we have a hiring guide that's all part of the back end and kind of walking you through that. And some of the questions that usually come up is when do you get the property manager involved? When do you get the property manager involved? Now, keep in mind that you before you're even going into the market, getting deal flow, right? You're doing your pre-market kind of setup. Part of that process is setting up a few property management companies that you would consider hiring once you get a deal. Once you get a deal, now you wouldn't hire them before you get a deal, but you would have them in your kind of rolodex so that way when the time's right, they would be part of that. The good news is when you actually get a deal and you're going through the uh due diligence, inspections, kind of escrow process of closing, that's actually when you bring in the property management company. And Jason will talk on that when he gets on here, but that's when you would bring in the property manager to help you with the process of inspecting the property, inspecting the property physically because they have inspector people. They have contractors they can bring on to help you inspect the property physically. And then from the financial side, looking at all the reports, evaluating the leases, all of that on the financial inspection side to kind of save your butt to make sure, okay, are the leases in order? Uh are the people who are on that are listed as tenants on say the rent roll, are those the people who are actually on the leases from a a legal standpoint, right? before you take over a property. All these little nuance things that are part of kind of this due diligence checklist that you go through and we provide as part of that. But then your property manager is going to actually help guide you through that process. You see how like the team is really important because everybody can provide a resource to you as you're going through it. You know, you had Todd back in there, right? The attorney and the legal side. It's going to help you through the whole process. Then you have the property manager. They're going to help walk you through before your closing and bringing them on board for that and so on so forth, right? The financial guys and the lenders, you're going to bring them on. They're going to walk you through the entire process of the financing, capital, lending, all of that as you're going through it. And then anybody else that's part of your team, whether that's community, people involved, they're going to help you walk you through and guide you through that process. So this is why you're not I guess the the fears the natural fears that everybody has actually all get handled right and guided through kind of like a little you know nice little pillow cloud as you're going through this. You're not having to do it alone. You're not doing it alone. Um Michelle, I didn't even think about the PM coming in to analyze before closing. 100%. Yes, that makes so much sense because what they're going to do is help you look at the leases. That's called a lease audit. They're going to help you look at the financials, right, that you're going to get as they're taking on this PM and this property management job. And then they're going to help manage, of course, you know, post you closing escrow on it. but all all the above. And you can bring them in as you're going through the due diligence process to ensure all the numbers are accurate and that the leases are accurate, that everybody's doing what they say they're going to do and everything looks good. Because sometimes you'll see names and stuff on say a rent roll and then you go look at the actual leases and you're like, "These are not the same people." And then you're like, "Oh boy, you need to address that." Right? If the names don't match up legally because heaven forbid you got to get them out and you have a lease that doesn't match your rent roll, that's a problem, right? That's a problem. Um, very cool. Okay. Well, we have Mr. Jason. He's on board with us. They're going to bring him up on screen. How are you doing, my friend? &gt;&gt; Hey, Justin. Doing great. Great to see you. Yeah, good to see you on here and uh coming on board into the, you know, our third day of this three-day multifamily workshop event. But I always tell people it's one of the most important and that is the management side. Because without a good property manager, you don't get this freedom, right? This passive income freedom time that you think you're going to get when you're getting into multifamily cash flowing assets because then you're just going to basically be buying a day-to-day toilets and tenants job. And that's not what you're buying, right? That's not the goal is to like buy a bigger problem, like you know, so the property management side's critically important for that. So yeah, take a quick minute, introduce yourself and I guess your company and what you do. And then I was mentioning how you do local but also national by setting up some kind of remote type PM situations. &gt;&gt; Love it. First of all, uh Justin, thanks for having me on. I'd love to be a part of this. Anytime I can help educate investors, especially m multifamily owners, I'm honored because I've been through a lot of war stories over the last 21 years of doing property management. And if I can help save you just one bad experience, one terrible eviction, one terrible tenant case, then I'm here to help. So, great to be here with you. Um and yeah, anything from single family, boutique, multif family to uh you know, larger assets. I have experience. Um as I said, I got licensed in 99 and now in my 21st year owning Golden West Management, where we have offices in uh Las Vegas, Nevada, uh Phoenix, Arizona, and San Diego, California. So over a thousand properties under management, and um besides being a Marine, this is all I've ever done. So, I'm ready to get started. Anything I can help with, anything I can add insight to because I know your people out there, they have a job already. They're either an investor or they have a nineto-five or, you know, it's but it's not property management, nor do I think they want to get into what is essentially, you know, like you said, toilet changing and uh reality TV drama, which is property management. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's hard. I mean, cuz there's a side of me that actually loves the operational side. I'm actually pretty good at it. I love taking really shitty situations in bad operations. Um, and turning them good. Um, and it's hard because in the PM world, and you know this firsthand, um, the margins are thin. And because of that, you see a lot of companies spread themselves thin because they need a lot of volume in order to make things work financially for everything. So they don't tend to scale appropriately when they start taking on more assets and as a result of that it'll start to show in how they're managing and taking care of the properties because they can't be anywhere and everywhere and they don't have the manpower because they haven't scaled appropriately. Talk about that a little bit. So right when you purchase or you get involved in a piece of property you need a manager. You might do it yourself and I understand that. But if you're looking for a manager, one of the things to look at is okay, what's their experience in the space? There's a lot of property managers who are have experience, but mostly with single family, and they're just not skilled enough, have enough um experience or um you know, processes in place to handle that boutique apartment multif family complex. and the big guys, they're just too big to come down and manage maybe that 16 to 30 unit complex. So, you're looking for somebody who has a skill set to be able to handle your investment property, but also has the bandwidth, okay, to be able to get done what those expectations and goals that you've set out. And if they're too small, they might not be able to get all those things done. And if they're too big, they might not give you the focus that you need. um to be able to really help you through the goals that you want to achieve as well. So, looking for that right sweet spot, interviewing that right company, that's super important. Ask them right out like, "How many X do you manage in my area?" Let that be the guiding um you know, first question when you're interviewing a manager. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, I don't know if you can see my board, uh, but I kind of wrote up on here kind of this I kind of classify like you said that one to four unit space, which is single family up to a fourunit property. That's kind of like your realtor who runs a management company, right? Very, very mom and popish. Um, because that's how it's run in that space. And then you kind of get your middle tier, which is the folks, you know, starting to get into your multifamily, five to 50 plus unit type properties. They're very good at it. Middlesize, run small teams, have good operations, probably decent software to be able to run and manage, can provide professional reports, and have some systems and stuff in place to handle what I call work orders or emergencies or issues. Because if you ask any tenant, right, and I've been in this long enough to see it, if you ask any tenant, and think about it for yourself, if you're renting currently, you know, if you put in a repair request, especially if it's an important one, like life and safety stuff, AC goes out, refrigerator blows up, toilets flooding, right? I call it fire, flood, or blood, right? Fire, flood, or blood. If any of that stuff happens, you need that work order, that repair thing handled pretty quickly. typically 24 hours or less. And if you're not getting on that, the number one reason you will have a tenant leave a property is because of work orders and lack of repairs, period. And you think for yourself, if you've ever left somewhere, it's typically due to the customer service side and just lack of being attended to on work orders and repairs that just go on and on and on. And then what happens is you almost get frustrated where you just go silent and then you, you know, you just deal with it and you just leave, right? You don't renew your lease, you don't stay. And I tell people, I said, "If you want to make money in this game of multifamily or any kind of rental property game, you need people to stay. Renewals are the name of the game." And so, we always double the commissions. And this is for everybody on here. Anytime in your property management companies, we pay double commissions on renewals than we do for new leases. On purpose. On purpose. Because I want those renewals. I do not want new leases. Right? Because I know that if I can keep somebody there and keep them in place, I'm saving a minimum $3,500 between turnover cost, lost rent, com concessions, commissions, whatever it is, you add it all up, it's a minimum $3500 bucks. So, if I can give somebody a credit and keep them there and keep them happy and not have to turn that unit over and all that other stuff, I mean, it's it's worth its weight and gold. So, they call it heads and beds. heads and beds. Here's your terminology, your quote for the day. Keep heads in beds and you'll make money in multifamily versus when you're having to turn properties over all the time. Um, you're going to lose money. You're going to lose money. Uh, what do you have to say about that? So, great point. Uh, when we're talking about renewal versus new leasing, your average renewal rates for a quality company are somewhere between 60 to 65%. Okay? And what your goal is as an operator is to get those renewal rates higher than that. If you're operating in the 70 to 75% renewal category, you're crushing it. And think about that. If you have a 10 unit complex, you know, you're working to renew seven out of 10. That's a huge savings versus if uh you don't renew as Justin you just said, you've got at least a month of vacancy. You probably got turnover cost and then you probably have to pay, you know, the leasing, the fees, all all that carrying cost in there. So, um we're really trying to double down on renewal. I'll take it a step further. Okay, at your renewal time, you want to make it a process. Okay, at Golden West, we use a 90-day process for renewal. And here's how it looks. All right. And this is what I recommend for my operators. At 90 days, the first 30 days is our backend time. Let's look at the market rates. What is the current market doing compared to those units that are coming up for renewal? And I'm saying 90 days from the end of their lease. Number two, let's take a look at the tenant themselves. Are they the type of tenants that we want to keep around and we want to renew? Some people have to go. All right? They just they're it's uh addition by subtraction. But lastly, we're taking a look at, you know, what is the overall goals of the property? Is this a unit that we want to capitalize and upgrade or is this a unit that no, uh, it's already been capitalized before, so we're trying to maintain status quo. We're getting our goals in place. At 60 days out, then we're noticing the tenant, hey, it's 60 days toward renewal. Here's your options. Option A, you can stay for another year at X percent or option B, we can maybe do a month-to-month at Y% and let's if we don't hear back from you or if you decide not to renew, 30 days out, we'll start the move out process. And so the management team has 30 days from 60 to 30 to negotiate with that tenant and find a way to get them to renew. Now, if by 30 days out from expiration, you don't get a signed lease renewal, we're giving them notice about, hey, we're sorry that you're not going to stay. Here's our turnover expectations. Now, it doesn't mean we're not still trying to get them to sign on the bottom line, but we are preparing our metrics, our reports, and our team to be ready to do what we need to do to get that unit turned and burned and released as quickly as we can. So, again, it's a process. And I'll add one more caveat. Notice I was raising the rents in this scenario. Look, if the market rent that you're doing your due diligence on is more, you should raise it. I'm not a fan of not increasing the rent at all, leaving at zero unless the unit itself is well over market. Why? Because Zillow's 2022 survey said that most people are not leaving because you raise the rent. The number one reason they're leaving is because of life-changing circumstances. They no longer need a one-bedroom. they need a two-bedroom or they no longer they changed jobs so they're no longer 5 minutes away they're now 50 minutes away. It isn't that you raise the rent a reasonable amount. So that's what I got to say about that. Justin, what do you think? &gt;&gt; I I think you're dead on and you're touching on the days out from expiration, right? So we always say you want to start touching on your renewals 90 to 120 days out. We even go as many as 120, but at least 90 days out from that renewal. And the reason why, and you can think for all of yourselves in here, if you've rent an apartment or house, if you kind of know that, hey, my lease is coming up, you may start peeking around online, start looking at some places, maybe drive a few more neighborhoods, maybe, or making up in your mind, right? Maybe you've just made up your mind within that time range. So, you want to catch them. You want to catch them early and kind of, hey, what's going on? How's it going? send out the offer on the renewal, touch base with them, right? Verbally and you physical person as well. And then, you know, ask them the question straight up because sometimes they won't bring it up to you, but ask them like if they're kind of not wanting to renew immediately, they're giving you some push back, you say, "Listen, man, just to be straight up, are you happy with the management, our ability to help you and fix repairs and all that? Is there something that I need to know? I would please help us out. Like, if we're not doing a great job, I need to know." so we can do a better job for you and make keep you here. Right? So, that's one and or they'll just say, you know, listen, I don't know yet because I'm maybe moving because of this and maybe it's a life event like you said, maybe it is a life event. But I always say there the only way somebody's moving out of any of our properties in my opinion is if they have a life event, right? If they have a life event or if we just don't like them, like meaning they got to go, like you said, some people just got to go. Um, that's the only way they're moving out, right? because otherwise I want a renewal cuz I just know that that's how you make money, right? You don't make money when you have to constantly release your complex. And I see it full throttle. I mean, out of all of our complexes, the only one that continues to struggle is the one that we have to, you know, I'd say we're probably at a 50% right now on a on a renewal rate. And, you know, so it hurts. The turnover cost is a lot. And then you combine that with the market being soft. So now you have concessions. You're having to like pay money to get people to move in, right? So you have free months rent, free this, free that. Um, and then you have higher delinquency rates on top of that, right? And that's just market driven. So you're just getting hit from 14 angles to the moon. And it's hard, right? You got to get in and get dirty with it sometimes. A couple questions that are coming in here. You scroll up and I'll I'll bring them on to Jason. Um, everybody loves your energy, by the way, Jason. Scroll down. They're like, I love his energy. Great. &gt;&gt; It's the triplets in the background. You know that. They're all They're still running around right now. &gt;&gt; So, uh, Gideon's asking, "What does Jason charge typically for property management services?" &gt;&gt; So, I get this question all the time and I love it. I love to be expensive and that's what I am. Uh, your management rate. &gt;&gt; I love to be expensive and I am. That's good. If I could charge more, I would. But the truth of the matter is it it really depends on what you're bringing to the table. And I'll put it in this manner. Our standard management fee rate is 8%. But if you're the type of uh client that I can partner with where we can sit together and put together a good vision, a good plan, a good budget, and then besides our monthly executive summary, you're going to let my team operate and do our job. you're committed to not running a slum property and to work for the standard, you know, benchmarks of property management, then I'm happy to work on price to make sure that we have a long-term partnership and success. But if you're the slum, I'm your third manager in five years, like it's our motto is rent it like you mean it. And that's not rent it like you mean it to me. And so we're going to say, well, the price is the price. However, we've won a lot of case studies by talking to clients about you've done it your way and if I produce the results that you you have, you'd fire me. So, let us do it our way. Let us help devise those goals that you have and create a plan for that. Give me six months. If in six months you totally aren't getting the type of return you want, I'll leave. But those six months besides our monthly executive summary, you're going to let me going to stay out of my kitchen and let me cook. And then from there, we'll be able to operate. And I have so many case studies of clients, us earning their trust because we gave them a little discount up front, but we told them, "Hey, we're going to follow this plan and you're going to let us cook." And then we were able to complete those goals that we set out. And then more and more trust was earned, more and more money was made on the bottom line. And then long-term that client now or those are the clients are like, "Hey, well, I trust them whatever they need to set out." So the long story of your pricing is like your management fee is you know it's based on your situation what you're bringing to me. Our standard is 8%. But I but if you have a 65 unit complex where I've got somebody on site it's a tier perfect and you're like just show me the budget and let's walk it every six months. Hey, we might be talking about a 4% type man monthly management fee. &gt;&gt; Will that include does not include commissions and stuff? Is that just fee? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; No, that's just monthly management fee. and and let's let's tackle that. A lot of times people will quote you the monthly management fee, but that's not the net effective rate. And the reality is what goes into the overall cost of managing your property and what are you putting on your proforma when you're thinking about buying? You've got leasing fees, you've got renewal fees, you've got maintenance markups, you've got inspection fees, you got you called to talk to me for 10-minute fee. You have a lot of fees that might go into that. Now, the bigger your asset, the more those fees might change. But the smaller your asset, when you're in that 4 to 20 unit, like, you know, no on-site team to help, it's just managed from a property manager's office, it's very labor intensive. And so, you're going to see a net effective rate of somewhere between 8 to 10%. And if you're putting in less than 8 to 10% on your proforma, you know, that that's a toughy. Even if someone quotes you 4%, the net effective rate is always two to two and a half% more than the monthly management fee. &gt;&gt; No. And I always uh as we're reviewing deals for all the community members and um you know they'll hear 3, four, 6%, they'll put in 6% as a baseline and that's fine, but then I say listen, we need to account for some leasing. So we'll always counter back with let's do 8%. Um, and then you'll see all the brokers and stuff on these their marketing packages, you know, they'll have like a 5% vacancy fee or 5%, excuse me, 5% vacancy uh accountability for 5% vacancy. And I'm like, dude, &gt;&gt; maybe in like a super tight market like Southern California, that that works, okay? But anywhere outside those markets, you're going to run at a 10% or so, and I would even argue 10 to 15%. So I always say put in 10% because that's going to account just so everybody understands this. This is what's called economic loss. Economic loss. Okay. So when you get into property management this is what it is. So economic loss that includes your physical vacancy. It includes what's called loss to lease. And I'll let Jason talk on this. It includes concessions and then lastly bad debt. So physical vacancy speaks for itself. Loss to lease, right? And Jason, you can touch on this. That's just not getting market rent, right? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh usually Yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead. Uh just for your proformer out there or for your management software, we call it gross potential rent. And what your actual rent versus your gross potential rent is your loss to lease. &gt;&gt; Lost the lease. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So let's say for example that the market rent on this apartment unit is $1,000 a month. Okay. That's what the market rent is. But you are only getting $900. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay. You have a $100 loss to lease. That's what that means. Okay. Concessions is exactly what it sounds like. If I need to give you one month's free rent to move in to my apartment complex because that's what the market's forcing to happen. I got to give that. I got to account for that, right? That's coming off of my big number. And then bad debt is exactly what it sounds like. People don't pay rent sometimes and you got to evict. So, you're dealing with bad debt where you can't collect, right? And so, it's uh that's really the main issue uh going on. But that that encompasses this total number. And what I always say is realistically 10 to 15% is kind of what you need to account for depending on where you're at. You know, if you're running well, you're at 10. You know, if you're, you know, it's kind of depends, but that's kind of like where it should be at. Would you say that's accurate? I &gt;&gt; I think you're spot on and you're being conservative. And I I love that because pie in the sky doesn't get the job done. and too many brokers are selling uh investors uh you know pie in the sky that 5% that you talked about. So let's talk about what our biggest killer in the deal can be or one of them it's vacancy and how do we how do we look at that? What's the lens? So I tell my clients there's four things that go into vacancy. The first two are really you know out of our control or sometimes landlord controlled. It's the price. I'm going to give you the market comparison price and I'll have landlords tell me no, but I need to get X. All right, man. I can't help you. The market's going to tell me what I need to rent it for. Okay. Uh, number two, we're going to talk about the condition of the units that I'm able to put out on the market. If you're telling me there's no room for budgeting, for cleaning up our properties, then it's going to be difficult to get that achieve that market rent, okay? Because the units we're showing are not ready. And then the last two are what your manager is really there. That's what you're paying them to do to market the property. Okay? Are are they listing everywhere? Do they have the professional photos? Um do they have uh digital staging? You know, what are they doing to make sure that your property is seen? And then actually getting it rented. Who's out there following up with all the inquiries, screening and approving quality prospective tenants? Who's negotiating lease terms? and who's getting vacancy filled in a timely manner. So that is the main lens that we tackle and I discuss vacancy but when you're putting your proforma the things that Justin talked about growth potential rent hey the market says 1100 but if we want to keep our our vacancy rate slim we may have to either lower the rent maybe we have a unit that's near the street or it's not in the ideal rate. So we're going to lower the rent to get it rented or we're giving out concessions. The one Justin brought up and the one I love is, you know, $100 first month's rent or 50% off the first month's rent on approved application. Those are things that we got to look at in order to get done. And lastly, bad debt. Look, I'm going to be conservative on screening for all my apartments. And the reason why is because depending on what state I am, the landlord tenant laws may make it difficult to evict. So, I want to be conservative. I'd rather see lower rents and better quality prospect. But at the end of the day, even those people, the way the economics are in today's econ today's today's world, sometimes they just toss back the keys and say, "I got to go." So all that factors in, and Justin's right on on par with our numbers. We are talking conservatively, depending on the market you're investing, 10 to 15% on economic loss when you're looking at a property. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's scroll down a little bit further, uh, Kevin, so I can see the rest of the, uh, the Q&amp;A here. Um, Juan's laughing. Uh, utility bills. So, Rose had it said, "Do you charge a fee to pay utility bills or is it part of the 8%." Uh, I don't know that you guys would be paying those. Those would be built into kind of the accounting side. Um, some automatically, but some sent out. That typically, I mean, I get I take that back. I mean, you can build it in to where it's kind of part of a what they call bill pay um bill pay rows where it gets set up one time and then it can go out automatically, but the PM company could run that through the operating account. Is that what I'm understanding, Jason? &gt;&gt; So, a lot of times with any kind of utility program, the most states allow us to put that administrative fee to administer the program into the tenant charge. So, hey, your tenants paying monthly water, sewer, uh, or some kind of rub and the bill comes with an additional $9 to $10 and that is what covers the management fee being able to administer that that type of program without billing our client. So, it really just depends on again your type of property. The bigger they are, the more units, the more that the manager is going to be willing to work with. But at the end of the day, okay, let's go ahead and say from my standpoint, hey, you've got a 20 unit complex. It's a solid B. We don't have to do major lease up. Let's say we said instead of doing 8%, let's do 6%. But when we factor in all the other things that goart giving A-rated service and all the all the processes and bells and whistles, the net effective rate is 8%. So, it's a short way of saying you always get everything included. We just use the man monthly management fee as the barometer to go up and down. And we do that until we get to those bigger complexes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And that kind of answers a few of the other questions is um you know the the eight%'s based at what and it's typically like this Anthony and everybody else is you'll see um like you know say the base rate was 6% in his case it's 8%. But somewhere in there, right, for these smaller complexes, smaller complexes, anything probably under 50 units, right, where you don't necessarily have on-site management as often and stuff like that. When you start to get to larger complexes where you may have an on-site team, then you're going to have a payroll line item, right? So, what ends up happening is this fee typically will drop to 4% or 3% somewhere in there, right? But then now you're going to have a payroll line item as well. So it's accounting for this when any of the complexes that you guys are going to be working on when you get started in that 10 to 30 unit space. You're going to be somewhere in here when you put in your property management fee. Okay? And this should include commissions. So here it's really 8% is typically what I say when you include commissions for him because he's so expensive. Just kidding. Uh, but I always say this, and this is a good point to make, and I had somebody tell me this the other day, because when I was in real estate and I got into residential sales, I started at a 5050 split, right? 50/50 split with my broker. &gt;&gt; And you're like, dude, I'm getting clobbered like 5050 on my broker commissions. I'm getting 50% of the house before I even pay taxes or anything. I can't even live off of that. But what he said to me, which was very smart, he says, "Listen, Justin, what is 100% of zero?" And I'm like, "Zero?" He's like, "Great. So, if you're not making any money, whether you get an 80% split, 50% split, or 100% split, you're still making no money. So 100, it's zero, dude." So, I said, 'You're going to come in, you're going to learn. We're going to invest an enormous amount of time in you to make sure you can get to where you want to go, and you'll graduate up progressively in your splits, and then you can argue about money, right? When you're out there producing, the money is irrelevant. Because if the numbers back it up, right, and you're producing great results, whether you're paying six, eight, or 10%, as long as the results are there, pay for great service. And that's what I've always said like because people are very I should say good people that work hard and give effort are hard to find. They're very hard to find. And so that goes across the board with anything and everything. Um but especially in the property management field because it's not, you know, it's not attracting the the greatest per se. And I'll speak lightly on that. you know, it's hard to find like like on the ground talent, right? Whether it's your manager on site or people around it, maintenance staff that are like, you know, are going to give you the highest effort. And I'm sure you deal with that all the time, Jason, owning the company is finding good quality people that will give effort, right? Let's let's just dive in real quick. Two things that you said are super important and I I always talk about with my savvy clients. All right. Number one, okay, um, property management or landlord tenant law is not common sense. It just isn't. And so, a huge part of what goes into the day-to-day is making sure that you're set set up for success and pro and protected. And unfortunately, unless you're a total owner operator doing it on your own, which is co costing in itself, you still may not have the experience to like, oh, haven't stepped on that landline. So, that's the number one thing that a quality property manager is going to do. Number two, the best people in this industry tend to own their property management company. I'm blessed because I've got a couple key members, been around for a while. You know, my director Bob's been with me for 10 years. And so, we're able to provide that that extra layer, but our goal is to work your bottom line to increase. And so, a lot of times, I understand in investing, you're looking at ways to trim your overall expense rate. And as a property manager, we're the easy one to cut. But once you see the value, and that's on us to paint that picture based on what your goals are, how we're going to get there, and then deliver. Once we're able to give you that value, as Justin said before, then you're like, "Okay, my time is better used somewhere else. Okay, my cash flow, my bottom line is meeting the goals and expectations I want. If Jason charges six or 26%, if I'm getting the goals and the outcomes that I want, I'm a happy camper. Yeah. Yeah. And so to answer Rene's question, yes, commissions and leasing fees are on top of the management, but when you add it in to your proforma, you just blend it in. So when it comes to the management fee, you know, rather than if the actual fee is six, make it eight. If the actual fee is eight, make it 10. And this will account for all of your leasing and commissions and everything. Okay, that's what he's saying. Um% &gt;&gt; So that'll that'll answer a handful of those questions right there. And then Juliana had asked, "Is the 8% management fee based on a per door empty or full or does it really matter?" The answer is no because I mean it naturally will think about it. It's based on revenue. So, and I should say net revenue collected like actual money collected. So, if you're not producing their fee goes down by nature, right? I mean, just because it's a percentage of what's collected. So, is that right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's 100% correct. And and more importantly, you know, you can look at NARPOM, National Association of Residential Property Managers. They give a benchmark of what, you know, a professional property manager is looking to make per door. So, if you do the math and you got a 10-unit complex rent for 2,000 bucks a month, and you've got your manager whittle down to 5%. Well, they're not making a lot. And if they're making, you know, 150 bucks a door and the national average for your area is 250 bucks a door, what's their incentive to do well? Is it because they're not performing or is it and do they have the ability to perform for you? Because look at what you're paying. It's well below the average of what a professional manager should pay. So, use the NARPAM's um revenue per door to help find what they should be making in your area. That'll help when you're vetting a property manager if you think the number's a little bit crazy that they're quoting you. &gt;&gt; Okay, good. And then do you do you uh manage nationally? &gt;&gt; So, right now um I'm able to consult nationally, but brick and mortar we are in Arizona, Nevada, and Southern California. So, um yeah, if you're outside of those areas, please, I'm happy to. I'd love all day long. I usually charge an arm and a leg or a Google review to just sit there and help set you up for success, walk you through some of your basic um situation, experiences you're going through and how I might be able to to add in like, "Hey, try this or have you thought about that?" &gt;&gt; Okay, gotcha. So, how how do we get you to go national? I think everybody wants you national now. &gt;&gt; Uh well, my kids would probably strangle me. Uh, but the the truth of the matter is is that, you know, as I was saying before, besides being a Marine infantry officer, this is all I've ever done. And what I get the most satisfaction out is to be able to, like I said, see operators win because once they get a couple of these under their belt, they technically, if they set aside the time, they could make the decision to self-manage. Once you get enough doors under your belt, you could self-manage and I can help you set that road map. Or you can do what a lot of our clients do and say like, "Look, I got a day job. I'm going to pay a manager to do that." But I'm not going to Arkansas anytime soon. Uh just on with Henry Washington on Bigger Pockets. He was talking about how great Arkansas is. I'm like, I love it. I'm happy to visit you, but I'm not going. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And just to give people a heads up. So once again, in terms of finding a PM company, this goes back to as you're getting started now coming in and you do the community side of it. Um the first thing you're doing is setting up your market. So you know, weeks one and two, you're identifying the market and we're getting up all the admin stuff set up. And then once you identify the market, if it is say say out of state hypothetically, well now you're going to set up a three-day reconnaissance mission as I call it and you're out there and you're going to be meeting with brokers, you're going to meet with property management crews, you're going to meet with renovation crews and a few lenders that are local in the market. That's all part of this three-day reconnaissance mission. And that will help you set up what we're talking about. It'll get you all the local PM companies that are good or, you know, worth their arm and a leg. and then local lenders, local construction renovation guys, all of that through the PM companies. And then the brokers, as I saying yesterday, between the brokers and the PM companies, they're kind of the ones pulling the strings in those markets because they have access to the resources, right? The brokers know PM companies and they also know local lenders and then the PM companies know the renovation crews that can help do with renovations and maintenance and all that other stuff. So that's why they're all intertwined. Make sense? &gt;&gt; Jason? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; No, it's 100% correct. Um, another question I like to ask, uh, if I were going into a market, uh, and it and boots on the deck is so important. I can't tell you in a lot of these areas, you'll go down one street, it looks great, and you'll make a turn down the next one, you're like, whoa, I'm in a war zone. So, you definitely want to get on the deck when you're looking at your area. Um, you do need that smell and feel. But the other thing of that property manager, you're going to ask them like, do you underwrite deals? Can you underwrite once I'm in escrow? Because if you're not 100% certain on that, maybe you want to pay, and every manager is different, but for a boutique apartment, you're paying, you know, a,000 to $3,000 to have them do the underwriting and walk the ground and giving you what they think is going to be a proper budget and expectations. And maybe you compare it with yours if it's your first or second time out. and and but if they tell you like, "Oh, I don't underwrite or they give you some like three column spreadsheet." Maybe they're not ready to tackle your new 28 unit complex. Maybe they're more of a four to eight unit complex type manager, and that's okay. But you're looking for somebody who knows and has the experience, the bandwidth, the software, and the ability to help you reach your goals on that complex you're buying. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And one of the things, like I was talking about earlier, that we give inside there is our we have our property manager hiring guide, right? It's literally handful of questions that you're going to ask when you go in to talk to any PM and based on their answers to those things that'll tell you very quickly whether they know what they're doing. And so all those stuff you just touched on. And I'll answer a few of these that are in the chat. Says, "Would you ever put maintenance person on site, William?" You do uh when the property size allows it, right? So you typically have to get, you know, and that depends on your market, but let's presume it's in outside of the coastal zones of the US. uh you're going to be probably a hundred units or more where you're going to start putting a PM on or a full on-site team, you know, that can handle the payroll typically. &gt;&gt; You know, in my experience, if you're doing it below 60 units, you're and you're doing that tweener like part-time on-site, part-time maintenance. But if you're asking me like, who do I do first? Uh Justin, you know my answer. I'm doing the maintenance guy first because I can remote the manager for a while before I got to have boots on deck. Yeah, 100%. So, that's that's that answer. And then where do lease application fees go? There it's an it's an other income number and those get charged upon application. So, when somebody comes in, they fill out the online app, you pay your fee, goes into the system, it gets classified as other income under the other income titles as application fees. Um, how do you compete in the maintenance aspect to advocate for owner so they don't get gouged? Yeah, that's a good question. So, when you're kind of if you were managing a property, right, because there's always the upsell, right? You get the cost plus type thing. Talk about that. &gt;&gt; Love this question. So, let's say we have a boutique complex that doesn't have on-site maintenance. number one thing we hear and across the board for managers, one of our biggest attrition issues is if maintenance is bad, you're leaving my company. Like if you feel like that those numbers don't make sense, if we can't justify them, then you're going to leave us. So the manager has to have a vested interest in making sure maintenance is good. So what do we do? Okay, we have a maintenance administrative department. All right? And what they do, their whole job is twofold. Number one, making sure that repair requests that come in are properly communicated, distributed to the right vendor, and that the vendor gets to the work and gets the work approved in an appropriate timeline, right? We're talking about keeping tenants happy, right? Nobody likes not hearing or having to call 50 times and get a hold of something. And as Justin said, that's a renewal killer. So, that's the one aspect. And the other aspect is what your question is, sanity checking vendors. And that starts with one, having a stable of vendors that might not be the cheapest, but are reliable, fair, and are going to do things that make sense. And then number two, having that admin staff that sanity checks, like, do I have before and after photos? Does the price point they're giving me match up with what would be marketbased? For example, send and are they sending the right vendor? Sending a plumber for a garbage disposal is going to get you a super expensive garbage disposal turn. So, you've got to have your team able to do those two things. And I'll take the Pepsi challenge against a a property manager who doesn't have a vested maintenance team, okay? Because there's no way to make sure that communication is great or keep eyes on that vendor. Two, the client who thinks that they're going to do it better than me. Okay? Between the time, energy, and effort for you to go get someone on Google, I got you beat all day long. And then three, you know, that company uses some companies have in-house maintenance. I don't like it because there's a conflict of interest. So that's the way I go ahead and handle maintenance at Golden West. And I recommend when looking for a company, they've got a dedicated department and because if you can't afford or you're not big enough to have someone on site, you need somebody totally focused and that's where that upcharge goes. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Yeah. And that kind of led to this question. I'll answer it too and you can lead into it. Uh, are management companies held accountable for operational costs and revenues? For example, what if management company hires the most expensive repair man who charges most expensive AC units because they don't own the property, etc., etc. So, Julianne, two parts to this. Number one, in your management agreement, there's going to be a threshold put in there for anything over X dollars they need to report to you. This is where the asset management level comes in to where you're managing the managers to ensure that they're doing their job. And they're going to report to you every week on certain metrics, but they'll also if there's an expense like an AC or something over a certain cost, they're going to have to legally bring that to your attention and then you'll have to approve it or disapprove it on that level. Okay. So, there's kind of thresholds for that stuff. Um, let me add you can on that. Yeah, Jason, &gt;&gt; let me This is super important. It's it's hot season. So, in Vegas and in in Phoenix where we have, you know, uh, you know, 800 plus doors, okay, I know already how many calls based on our budgeting we're going to get, how many HVAC repairs we're going to do, and I know whether the HVAC's on the roof or it's a condenser system. I know the ballpark, and so does my maintenance team. So, when we have HVAC come up, you should already know as a part of your budget. If you have a multif family, a budget is out there. You should know how many to expect because we know how many doors you have, how many HVAC units you have, and what their age is. And so, it shouldn't be a surprise if this summer we budgeted three to four, three to five HVACs going down that you get calls from May to September when HVACs go down. And number two, and this is the biggest thing you have to understand, if the if you're managing the property daytoday with your property manager, if you're calling every day, like that's not a relationship that's going to last. You're going to get tired of them and they're going to get tired of you. So, the best way to find that common ground outside of what Justin talked about of like when you have major habitability, they should be communicating. Every month they should be giving you an executive summary that you can look at the trends and have an hour meeting with a dedicated manager going over did we do better or worse? What are the trends? And that way we can dig into like look maintenance was up 30%. Why? That's not capital. That's what were you spending here and there? And that's how you hold them accountable because if they do that two, three months in a row, they burned your trust and you're getting rid of them. And the management knows that same thing. All I do every day is focus on are you taking care of the client? Are we doing the things we say we're going to do? Because if we're not, we're getting fired and we don't make money. &gt;&gt; Yeah, great point. Uh scroll a little bit further down a couple more of the questions here. Uh just some red flags, I guess. And you already alluded to this and even on a property hiring guide, you'd have these red flag questionnaires. Um but you kind of touched on the red flags. Um location And you probably know this and maybe people can reach out to you directly on this um either on your consulting basis or what you're looking at but if you have any other recommended PM companies uh around the country in certain markets you know &gt;&gt; 100% I am part of a group as well as Narbam that I I work with a lot of top tier companies uh almost in almost every local like you name it I probably have a contact there or somebody I I've worked with uh in the past. My goal is to help you when you contact me find a solution to that issue. It really is. And I'll also talk you off the ledge if I think you're like, "Hey, you're getting in the weeds a little bit." All right. What's our goal? What are some common sense solutions? Let's apply that and see what it gets us. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh Rory, you'd asked about Las Vegas, uh 10 to 30 unit deals in Vegas. They are there. Um but there may not be in the neighborhoods you want to go through. &gt;&gt; Love it. Justin, you know this one well, man. You know this really well. You know what the speeds are all about. I've &gt;&gt; Yeah. Just keep in mind the reason why that's the case for Vegas. Most of Vegas as we know it was built 1980s or newer or newer. Okay. So, just based on that history, um, a lot of the complexes are large institutional 1002 unit 300 unit complexes. They're in Vegas, most of them. So any of the super small stuff like that, yeah, they're there, but you may need a gun. You may need a gun. Just saying. &gt;&gt; Look, I I cut my teeth on that stuff. And Justin knows it well. We've talked about this in the past. I I'm not here to tell you what to buy and what not to buy. I make I see clients make the most money in some of the tougher neighborhoods if they have the right mindset and the right approach. But you don't want to go too small over there because you will end up in a neighborhood that is probably not where you want to be. But there is a sweet spot in boutique where we might be able to get a key holder on site that gives you a little more protection. And then again, it's all about what's in the details. And Justin has gone over you guys. Like it may have lipstick on a pig and when you get inside, there's way more capital improvement than you're ready for. So I I defer to him. But as far as can it be done, are there deals out there? There are, but you just got to find the right one. Yeah, it's a good point. All right, we'll finish up with the last few questions. We'll be able to finish early. I see Lisa saying that we're finishing up here pretty soon. So, this has been incred incredible just I mean this is property management 101, but just understanding that you know and how you set it up, right? It's part of the initial part of setting up your market. So, this is where the team comes into it along with the brokers in the market, the PM companies, lenders and construction crews, right? Those are four people in that little team in the market that you're going to set up before you're even getting deals. So that way you're not chasing your tail trying to wonder who how am I getting it all together. It's already done. And that way deal flow can come and then as we'd mentioned earlier that PM the property manager can be a part of your due diligence as you're going in to buy that property. They can help look at the financials with you, look at the leases, look at the property, establish budgets, and really get an understanding of what that property is going to take, right? And you can lean into &gt;&gt; totally agree to totally agree. I I look, if I knowing what I know now, if I'm stepping into a new market, okay, my focus on a PM is it's got to be someone. A, I need effective communication. B, I need a problem solver. Th those are the two things I need. Okay. Now, if they're maybe more expensive than I want, that's okay because 6 months to a year down the line, I'm going to look at results and if they're not performing, at least I have a better familiarity now of my property, of the market itself. And then when I go out and take a look, I know what I like and what I don't like in that market. But I see a lot of companies out there that are going to tell you 4% or 5% and they promise the world and they just don't have the bandwidth or the experiences to back it up. And that's where you're new. So it's not like you can pivot as easy. And when you have two, three, four months that are really bad, not only do you lose trust for the next managers that come along, but your bottom line takes a hit. So go with old faithful when you get into a new market. look at those more seasoned professionals and from there then you can pivot later on if you really feel like you need to shave a couple nickels off that bottom line because it's not performing the way you want it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And um you hit something there. You said effective communication and a problem solver. So yeah, I even look at the people that we have on one of our properties now where we've had property management issues and the market's tough. It's a tough market and most of these PM companies don't know how to really operate in tough markets where you got to get really lean and mean and like figure this thing out. They're really good at operating in good markets where they can just kind of like, you know, bounce around and it just works. But when you got to get like get in there and get your hands dirty, it's tougher for them to do that. They just don't know how to operate. But then hiring good people is another part of the problem. So once you get a great maintenance person that's a great problem solver as you'd mentioned it and has good communication it gives you a piece of mind dude that anybody in here that's watching this I mean if you're busy with your day job and you're putting money not yours but also investors money into these apartment complexes and you can give them peace of mind that cost you an extra 2% at the end of the day I mean trust me like you said earlier we're not jumping over u what dollars to say pennies or something like that. So, &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I I agree 100% with it's why I connect so well with you, Justin, is your approach to these deals and these investments is is very aligned and there's a lot of landmines out there and uh multifamily is unfortunately loaded with them a lot more than may maybe single family is. So, um yeah, choosing the right management staff, the right team makeup. I know we didn't get into it, but the maintenance person when you're on hiring on-site maintenance is huge because we can talk about doing a remote team member to be that manager for you when you're kind of doing things on your own, but you can't replace somebody who can both turn a wrench and be a trustworthy source of eyes for you at a property. That's very hard to find. And um don't go cheap on those people. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And uh and uh Thomas to answer your question on the uh the network of highly recommended PM companies um yes and no right the reason yes we do and that happens within the community uh the vendors and systems and all that but because they are so local right so local and they do kind of come and go and change um that's why that first set your first couple weeks in your first month you're setting them up like that's the whole point of you going into that market getting the four team members right the brokers, the PM companies, the lenders, and the uh construction renovation guys because those four pieces of your team. Now, you're going to have three of each, right? You're going to have three brokers you've connected with, well, three PM companies that are options for you, three lenders that are options for you, and three renovation crews that are options for you. So, you have plenty in that little market you're setting up. And that's how you do it because it is so local uh in that market because you, keep in mind, you're not dealing with national PM companies at this point. You're newer in the space, 10 to 30 units. Very local. Very local. Um, cool. Awesome, man. Any last minutes? Uh, so if people want to look you up, it's Golden West Management. FYI, Golden West Management. You see your signs behind them? Uh, we'll throw up your information in here in the chat. Uh, do we have your email? Maybe you can read it out. We'll have Kevin throw it up in there. for me just the Jay and my last name Yos Yosss at Goldenwestmanagement.com. Look, check out my YouTube, okay? YouTube at Golden Westmanagement. The reason why I tell you that is we have a ton of eviction horror stories on there of what happens when you put the wrong people in and as well as tons of tips and trades for do-it-yourself uh owner operators uh on how to navigate the landlord tenant laws. But um it's why it's so important because when you step on that landmine in my industry, it hurts a lot and it can destroy uh a performer or a bottom line. So, um but yeah, Jason Yoss, Golden West Management, get me via email, uh get me on the web, golden westmanagement.com, follow me on YouTube, follow us on on on Instagram. Uh but love to help, anything I can do. And again, Justin, thanks for having me on. It's so great to talk with somebody who knows the space well and has the right mindset on boutique apartment investment. &gt;&gt; Amazing, man. Thank you so much. Let's give uh Jason a round of applause. This was awesome. Thank you for uh giving us the time that you have here. And yeah, definitely check him out on YouTube. There's his contact information there. I think this was super helpful for everybody just understand the management side, right? There's a lot that goes into it and so forth. Um but that's a huge piece of it. So, namaste. Namaste. Awesome everybody. Well, look, we are at the end. Here we are. And uh congratulations by the way to everybody that uh has taken that leap so far. Um pretty cool. Going to be a great uh little cohort coming in here, folks that have have jumped off the cliff and making this happen for themselves. So, congratulations to that. We'll get you all set up. Uh once again, you still have access to it. So, if you go straight to your dashboard, right, at any point in time here and then we'll reach out to you, too, right? I mean, sometimes things takes time and you got to think things through, I totally get it, you know. So, we're going to keep things available to you. But, uh, yeah, if you want to kind of lock in things, you can do that just with the deposit. If you want to speak to one of our team members right there on the dashboard, you can go to speak to one of the team members or click on there to join and set up that deposit to lock things in. And then, yeah, we'll definitely reach out to you and say hello. Obviously, I'd love to get feedback from everybody, too. Almost like a survey in a way for I mean, it sounds like from all the comments and everything I'm seeing. I think we did a I hope we did a great job. I hope I was able to provide value for you for the last three days and give you everything you were looking for. Um, the multif family toolkit, that's a lot of tools and resources and a backend that you get to go into and get a lot of things there from pitch decks to deal analyzers to all that stuff to get you started. and then all these notes and everything that you guys kind of took over the last three days and giving you a lot of weeds too, not just that kind of high level. They're kind of diving in and bringing on some great experts that are in the space every day. This is what we're doing and this is where we're here to support everything from the finance guys to the broker guys to the property managers, lenders, the whole nine yards, the legal side through uh Todd today. I thought that was awesome. And it's a lot, right? That's complex stuff, but man is it valuable when you have people in your corner. It's big time. It's big time. So, let's give a round of applause to everybody. You can put your hands together in the chat. This was fun. You know, a couple people passed out on screen. No, I'm totally kidding. You can see that. Just kidding. Um, thank you for that. Appreciate that, Kevin, and anybody. So, yeah, feel free, like I said, if you still have questions and stuff, we'll reach out to you. If you're still considering joining the community, we'd love to have you a part of it. And come on in. We have the links there on your dashboard and then we will send stuff out to you to get kind of surveys and postevent stuff. So, rock and roll. Congratulations, Dante. I just saw that note. You joined. Awesome, man. Rock and roll. Glad to have you in here. Glad to have you in here. So, beautiful everybody. Well, hey, I appreciate it. Enjoy the rest of your Saturday and um we will be in touch soon. We will be in touch soon. Take care. I've had good days. I've had bad days. Tasted victory and defeat. I've had problems. Biggest planets turned to pebbles when you speak. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You got a lot of love, don't you, baby? I only get the curve. Cuz you make me telling all your friends that I'm crazy like I'm the only one. Why' you throw them stones if you had a wild hy in your big glass house with the I thought you knew I had some help myself every If you could tell me [Applause] you thought I take the blame for us to come and go around like you ain't guilty something already lost a game that you've been running this is catching up to You think that you're so [Music] after all the you did? I am an angel waiting in wash [Music] by myself. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]