Testing. One, two, three. Boom. Boom. Everybody's coming on in. Happy Tuesday. Rock and roll, baby. How is everybody doing? Vincent, good to see you in here, sir. &gt;&gt; Doing well yourself? &gt;&gt; Awesome. Doing well, thank you. Uh any any progress on your end or still hitting roadblocks? &gt;&gt; Uh still hitting roadblocks. We had that one LOI out for that larger property. [clears throat] Um but it just didn't it wasn't going to fit. It was just too big. &gt;&gt; So we kind of retracted our offer on that one. Um, we did make the final cut though &gt;&gt; and uh &gt;&gt; Well, that I mean that's a step in the right direction. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it felt good, but it was just a you know, obviously especially for myself. If if if there weren't a few of us involved in it, then it wouldn't have worked anyway. &gt;&gt; But, um, you know, we needed more than what we had. So, it just didn't fit the people's buy box around us. So, we just had to retract. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; But, I did have a conversation with Zach. We're hoping maybe just to come across some kind of solid lead somewhere. Um &gt;&gt; yeah, and we're out there looking too kind of can we obviously we talked so we're proing some things on that front so we'll keep you aware. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Thank you. &gt;&gt; But yeah, I mean it's it's um &gt;&gt; it's like anything. It's staying the course of you know the the the broker community is the gatekeeper, right? and and the websites are great, but they are only showing you the leftovers as we all know. And so the the more broker relationships that can be made and behind the scenes, then you're getting access to that stuff that you otherwise would not see. Um, and then we've had some success recently with a decent number of owners responding to us on our real estate radar software. Um, so that's been pretty helpful uh in getting out there. We set up usually what we'll do is we set up some campaigns. So there is a inside of let me double check it. Make sure it's here. Whoops. So, let me go into it and I'll show you because a couple things I'm going to show you here are um we're going to talk about purchase and sale agreement and if m if Michael's okay with it, I'm going to bring up the PSA on his deal that he's going through the negotiations on. Are you cool with that, uh, Michael? &gt;&gt; Yeah, no problem. &gt;&gt; Okay, cool. Um, and then I'm going to show you the capital tracking spreadsheet that's in your guys's portal that helps you track your investors money and the distributions they get uh as you're got your deal going, right? If you're uh distributing money and how that all works. So, I'll show you that spreadsheet and just know it. It's in the back end of your portal and there's a whole video on it that I did to walk you through that so that way you'll fully understand it and how to use it um for your deals when you have investors and stuff. So, but let me do this real quick. I'll share. Awesome. &gt;&gt; Yeah, lots of recording. unmute. One second here, guys. Making sure everybody's got access in here. Cool. Um, let me just make sure inside here that it's got the video that I wanted to show you products inside of um for the real estate radar. When you click into it in your thumbnail on the back end, there should be how-to video. Yes. Cool. So, just so you know, when you go inside there, what we did here, probably need to pull that off. Okay, here we go. Uh, I don't want to share that one. I want to share this one. There we go. So, when you come into the real estate radar thumbnail um, inside of here, right, you click on this one here and you has the login instructions and all that. That's fine. And then the howto. It's going to have a how-to video. But then this one right here, this link right here, we put together. Um, it's probably because it's not showing it right now. It's probably why it's not editable. But it's going to load this page and it's going to have four videos on it. How to find the leads and utilize it, how to use the CRM functions of it, the marketing mailers, any skip tracing, because this is what's been beneficial for us is setting up a little mailing package that goes out. Uh you can set it up for five or six months in advance, one to two mailers a month if you want, postcards or letters. And then skip tracing is for phone numbers, emails, and all that data about the owners. And then managing the pipelines, tasks, and what they call a scrum board, which is like your pipeline. So go through these videos and that way it'll give you a really good understanding of how to migrate through the software. Okay? And then let's talk about capital accounts. So this is in the back end of your portal and if you go into the download section or even scroll down under capital raising the last item in there is going to be capital tracking account spreadsheet for uh investors and you will use this once you have a deal and you want to manage the money of the of the people inside the deal. That's what you would do you would use this for. Okay. Make sure everybody's muted in here. There we go. Um, I'm gonna pull this up because I know you're going to have questions on it. Um, but what this does when you look at this and you'll see when you go through the video, uh, all your investors are listed here. So everything in blue, no different than the analyzers. Everything in blue is editable. Everything else is formulas. So whatever your preferred return is on the deal, that would just go here. Whatever your split is 6040 7030 whatever that is between you and your investors would go here. The names of your investors or their entities would go here. The amount that they've invested would go here. Keep in mind that you are also your own investor. So you would actually put your company here and then your amount you're investing because you're an investor right alongside your investor as a class A investor in your own deal. This will all formulate itself with the formulas. [snorts] And then you can also put your name down here as well. So this would be also a uh class B investor that as well. Cool. And then you could you could put your money here too if you wanted, right? Doesn't you don't really need that. That's not going to dictate. Oh, actually it would though. What's this for? Let make sure that this formula is doing here. Oh, that's why it's doing that because it's using the percentage here. So, yeah, you want to put your money here as well. And you'll see this on the video when I go through it. Even though this isn't really going to calculate, but what it's going to do, it's going to show you because what happens, this is the cool part about it. Imagine here you are, you close escrow on the deal. Imagine this was 2026 and you go and you're going to distribute $15,000 out of the deal. So that goes up here. The amount you actually distributed it matches it. Sometimes it's different because sometimes you say, "Okay, we have $20,000 to actually distribute. We're only going to actually distribute 15 of it." So that's cash distributed. And then of that, we have to pay our preferred return. So that would be calculated. You would plug that in here. The leftover, right, is 5 grand. So you pay the preferred return first and then the splits happen. And that's kind of where this all gets plugged in. So that's why it's diving it up 2,000 3,000 based on the percentages and then it's distributing it all the way down to each of the investors based on their preferred return and their cash for distribution. And it's giving you this. Here's the cool thing. You are getting this. You get that and you get that. You get to double dip. Remember how we talked about double dipping? You get to double dip because you are getting the same way the investors are. You're getting preferred return plus your split, your percentage of that split. Plus, because you're the general partner, you get that split as well. So, this is kind of where the holy grail comes in. And keep in mind, you only brought in a small amount of money to be able to get all this. So, this is kind of where the leverage game starts to happen. Does does that make sense? Because that's the beauty of doing it this way and why you're doing the OPM game. So that way you can leverage all these other investors. You know, whatever it is you put in here, you know, it could be a small amount, could be a big amount. Um I think based on this you're doing 100 grand, right? 100 grand comes in. So it's just all relative to the amount you're bringing in. Um any questions on this? but similar to your deal analyzer and I have a video that goes over it in the back end of your portal on how to utilize it. Um, but very very valuable if you're going to be tracking your investors. Um, because in the beginning, as I've said, you probably won't have, you know, syndication pro and the whole backend, you know, portal and all that stuff because you probably won't need it in the beginning. That's why you have this because this allows you to track your investors and everything they have, right? And then the cool thing is it uh has statements in here too. Has statements in here too. Um now you don't need to do all of this. I mean you can I mean I did it in the beginning to kind of get it going, but these statements you can come in here and you'll see the video. you can copy them and if you had like 10 investors, you'd make 10 copies of it. And you set this up one time for your investment in the beginning and then it kind of runs itself throughout the life of your deal. Okay? So, you're setting it up one time and then it runs itself for the life of your deal. And that way your investors including you, you're going to get a nice little statement every month that's going to or not every month, every quarter I should say. Uh that's going to illustrate like how your investment's doing, how your investor's investment's doing. Even if you're acrewing the money and not paying it, it would still show up on here. It would still show up on here. Any questions on this so far? Or does this seem like a lot? [laughter] But this is really helpful to make you look professional uh and help you track the money, right? So, this is this is going to come into play once you have a deal and you've closed on it and now you're running it and now, hey, it's the end of the the quarter. I got to let the investors know they gave me all the money, how the investment's doing. And that's kind of what this will help you track is all the money and where it's going and how it's going. Uh there is a gentleman by the name of Max. I'm going to add him to the uh to the vendors and systems list. He's kind of like a data guy. He does all of ours. Every quarter he goes into our capital accounts because I have him set up and uh once this is done because I'll verify the numbers are accurate and then I'll say, "Hey, Max, right?" Because I share this uh sheet through a Google sheet. I say, "Can you go ahead and do all the statements for all the investors?" And he'll come in here and plug in all the data. He'll download these things into a PDF format. He'll come in here and print it as a PDF. And then he'll send it out to the investors in a pre-formatted email or he'll upload it into the portal so they can actually go view it in their portal as well. So, same thing can happen with you. He pretty cheap and very, very, very valuable. So that way maybe you do this and help do it the first time so you understand it and then at that point let him run with it. So that way you're not uh into the weeds on this stuff because this is monotonous stuff. But it's got to be done. It's got to be done. And if you do this then your investors will be very happy and they'll continue to invest with you and grow wealth with you. Okay. So, but this is all in your back end, your portal. Beautiful. Uh, Johnny, I see you in here. Tony, what is that? Deal what? Deal maker AI. What is that? See that behind you? Deal shaker. What is that? &gt;&gt; Deal striker. &gt;&gt; Oh, Deal Striker. Yeah, it's a AI company that uh partner and I um launched a little while back specific to automotive and also commercial real estate. &gt;&gt; Look at you better. You you should sell us on it. Let's go. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Uh any questions on this capital account thing? um you have access to it in your back end and then I'll add uh Max to the vendors and systems list so you can reach out to him and that way he can actually do all of this for you. I wouldn't have him do the capital um uh making sure the numbers are accurate for the distributions. That's something you should be looking at each each quarter. Once again, it's every three months. Once that's in place and you're comfortable with that, then you let him know and you say, "Hey, capital account things done. Can you go ahead and do the statements?" He'll do them, send them a couple of them to you to review, make sure they look good before they go off to the investors. And that happens once a quarter. And it um this is kind of the administerial professional side of OPM, other people's money. Okay? Other people's money. But you have to understand that like the the reason why you do this is think about it like this. No different than any of you. You guys log into your bank accounts, right? And your bank accounts show you how much money you got, your statements, maybe some tax documents, legal documents, some other things. This is kind of what this allows to happen. So that way you look professionally professional and it makes you play ball and be able to raise money relatively easily. Okay. Um so just so you know, it is in there. Um, let me go through a couple of questions. I see Sanden saying, "Cool resource." Yes. So, yeah, little little uh capital tracker for you. There's videos in the back end that'll go over it all in detail so you can actually rewind it and slow it down to kind of walk through it. And we're happy to jump on and explain it further for you. Uh, much easier than the deal analyzer that I can tell you. Uh, Luis, I see your handout. &gt;&gt; What's up, everyone? Can you uh speak a little bit about the bookkeeping aspect of this because I'm we're receiving a lot of statements. You can tell that there's a bookkeeper involved and probably a CPA or whatever kind of accountant. Um can you explain that like how you get that set up? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Just like fire that person and move on and do something or you just keep that person because they &gt;&gt; No. Yeah. Because let me let me show you what I mean by that. So if you um I'll bring up my little whiteboard here. I know we are going over this. Probably could actually just do this. There we go. So, now we got a pen. Let's do red. So, yes. Uh what'll end up happening is you know you got your uh your apartment building, your LLC, okay? And you will have a bookkeeper and then you'll have a CPA. The bookkeeper is going to help you inside of QuickBooks, right? So you'll have your LLC for the property. Then I would recommend QuickBooks. totally up to you, but this would be my recommendation. And this bookkeeper uh can help set this up. So that way, what'll happen is you'll get the property financials from the PM company. And this will happen each month. Each month. And then what the bookkeeper will do is these property financials. The bookkeeper is going to take them, they're going to enter them into QuickBooks. Okay? So that way, and they can just put them in there at a high level. They don't have to do them in great detail because you already have the property financials in detail from the property manager and you get those every month. That's something they provide you. You take those financials. the bookkeeper simply going to come in here for an hour or two and plug them into the QuickBooks. So that way for you and your entity, you have recordkeeping of that as well. Okay? And then what'll happen is at the end of the year that QuickBooks will go to your CPA and then the CPA will file your tax returns. Okay? And that is kind of the cycle of that. CPA is paid one time a year. It's paid by the LLC. Typically, that's going to be right around 2K. Your bookkeeper is probably 250 bucksish per quarter because they're spending, you know, a few hours taking this property info. They're coming right in here to your QuickBooks. They're going to input the data. It's going to link up with the bank accounts and bada bing, bada boom. And then you'll have your entity QuickBooks with your property financials. Does that make sense, Luis? &gt;&gt; That makes sense. What if you don't have a property management company because your apartment building is small? So, you're and you don't necessarily want to self-manage. What would you do in that situation? &gt;&gt; Uh, well, if you don't have a PM company, you are the PM. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I got news for you. &gt;&gt; Essentially, like you have to like you take that responsibility. So, you're the one that's &gt;&gt; Yeah. you're taking it on and then you're going to have to have a property management software, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And that PM software is going to &gt;&gt; show all the money coming in. &gt;&gt; It's going to put it into a chart of accounts and it'll produce financial statements, P&amp;Ls, no different than you're asking for right now from any of these owners. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; Right. And then some owners don't have them, right? So what do you do? You get pissed. So that's why yes, either a PM company's going to do it for you or you are the PM company. Either way, you need to have a management software running it. &gt;&gt; Understood. And then that goes to the bookkeeper who's then passes it on to the CPA. So, similar to like residential or whatever you however you have set up in the past for this, &gt;&gt; right? So, you know, we use internally we use App Folio if we're going to manage any of our properties. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh if you don't want to spend the money for App Folio and you're going to self-manage, another one's called Rentte. Rentte. So, relatively inexpensive and it's, you know, for a small property, it'll work, right? For a little like 8 n 10 unit, it'll totally work. Uh, and it's cheap. And then same thing, you'd set it all up inside there and then you would, uh, get the financials out of it. Uh, you would probably utilize QuickBooks obviously with that as well. And then you could self-manage the property that route. Yeah. Yeah, I think it's called I want to say it's called rent tech like that. It's a small little PM software cheap and then between Rent tech and Quickbooks, right? So between these two, you'll run the property. Okay? And that's how you could self-manage uh on a on a budget. On a budget because that folio is nice, but it's expensive. Uh meaning if you have one deal, right? It gets better as you get more and you can self-manage that way, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So, uh Rory, I see you raised your hand. &gt;&gt; Hey, Justin, how are you? &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; So, um I wanted to ask your opinion on this. So, um that deal that I don't remember like a couple weeks ago I I were in under contract with Lee Summit. Um, I actually ended up backing out of it because it it didn't pencil. Um, &gt;&gt; but kind of going through the process was super helpful. And one of the things that um I kind of, you know, this whole bookkeeping thing is um is uh I've been doing a lot of partnering with like Matt and Hayden. Um, and I kind because they kind of have the experience and Matt has a uh accounting background. I was kind of thinking of like whenever I do get a deal kind of cutting them in on, you know, to help with the books and managing just some of the other, you know, like administrative things that I'm kind of overwhelmed with right now. What would you say would be like a good like piece of the GP amount that you think that that I could cut them in for them to help? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, trying to assist me managing this thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, if you go into the back end of your portal, we have that um general partnership uh splits right matrix &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; in there. The line item in there is for asset management. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Right. I believe it's a few percentage points. You can adjust it on whatever it is you feel is reasonable. Um, but what I would probably be doing is giving them a a fee plus a small percent, &gt;&gt; right? So that would be fee based plus a percentbased so they get a combo. &gt;&gt; Um, if they're going to be taking on that &gt;&gt; kind of bookkeeping asset management type role. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I just kind of want I mean it's it's just another like you know it's another resource for me to have that someone has a little bit more experience cuz the last thing I want to do is like f up and like break some SEC code rules and go to jail, right? You know what I mean? So &gt;&gt; yeah, you don't want that. [laughter] You don't want that. Listen, here's how it works. Everything's fine until it's not fine. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Everything's fine until a deal's not fine. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's actually been working out good with that. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Okay, I appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Second thing I wanted to go over. So, this is a purchase and sale agreement of Michael's deal. Little 36 unit 30 or 36 units. I think it's &gt;&gt; it's 30 units. &gt;&gt; 30 30 unit deal. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And there are negotiations back and forth. I think pretty close on this thing. Great little property in Louisville, Kentucky. So, if any of you have interest, I would h I mean, it's a good little property. Great little property. Uh, reach out to Michael. He's in here. Michael Hadley. Uh, because this thing's locked up, getting ready to go into full contract. But very cool property in Louisville, Kentucky, uh, to team up on if you guys have interest. Um, but anyhow, I'll kind of redline it because the attorney went through it. He's redlined it. A couple things that they're adjusting, which I think are fine. Uh, is there anything that uh uh is um concerning to you, Michael? &gt;&gt; Um, not really. I don't understand. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I just don't understand why they wanted to do uh 14 months. Like right there it shows 14 months instead of 12. I think there's three because after they sent me this when I got home I pulled up the uh the uh can't think of the name of it the rent roll and it had &gt;&gt; you know when everyone's going to move out and uh they're so I pulled that up and I think there might be three at the end of this month but now they should you know lease those back out. Am I right by saying that? Yeah. So they may be on a 12 or 14month uh lease. &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're probably giving leniency in that, Michael, which is actually a good thing because if you can get longer term leases locked up, you know, I don't know if they're doing any concessions at all to get tenants in there, but usually the way we work it is we'll give you uh one month free rent with a 13-month lease type thing. So they're probably leaving themselves room for technicality saying, "Hey, we can do leases up to 14 months, &gt;&gt; you know, and operate the property in its best light." So that's why that's there. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Which doesn't bother me. I mean, if you can get a 14-month lease for me, and then what that allows you to do, too, is stagger leases. Okay. So, from a property management operation standpoint, you never want to have like all your leases come due in one month. So what you do is you stagger them and that allows you to stagger your leases between 10 months to 14. So you kind of have on average on a 30 unit building you don't want any more than about nine or 10 units turning over every year. That means you're retaining about 70% of your residence. Okay? So then you'd probably have, you know, one or two, maybe one a month, &gt;&gt; maybe it's probably like a half a month on average, &gt;&gt; right? Yep. &gt;&gt; So ideally, an ideal retention rate on any apartment building, if you're operating at 70% retention or greater, you're doing very well. &gt;&gt; Hey, Justin, do you want to &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. You want to take that month free and distribute it over the le the term of the lease or you one month. &gt;&gt; You want one-time concessions. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You want that and you want that always on your second full month in the building. So they don't get first month because that's how you get people coming in &gt;&gt; and they don't pay the rent but they get a freebie and then they adios and they call they call it skipping, right? And people are very tactful with that. So no, it's always on the second full month. So let me give you a perfect example. Let's say they move in on the 15th of the month. So they're going to pay the prrated amount for those 15 days plus they're going to pay the full month of the next month. Then their freebie will be on the following month. Full month. Make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; So that way you're going to get the pro rate plus a full month's rent. And that way in case they decide they don't want to pay, well, okay, I mean, we got something out of you and then we'll come after you for the rest. That type stuff. Uh hopefully that doesn't happen. But yes, that's how that'll go down. You always want it in at a lump sum amount, not um divided up amongst each month. And the reason why is because if the bank goes and looks at your rent roll and they see that you have these recurring concessions, it's going to hurt your financials. Whereas, if it's a one-time concession, you can look at it as a marketing expense and then you can do what they call capitalize the expense, meaning you can uh put that expense below your net operating income line. These are little financial tricks because if you show it every month, then it's going to show up on your profit and loss statement. If you capitalize it, meaning it's a one-time expense, a marketing expense, it can go below your net operating income line as a nonoperational expense on the property. Therefore, it doesn't have to show up in your P&amp;L. In that way, from a a legal and financial perspective, you don't need to show it. It's just looked at as a hey, we had to give a one-time concession expense marketing cost and that way it uh will improve your P&amp;L statement because these were onetime costs. Yeah, make sense. Um I see Samira in here. What up? &gt;&gt; Hello. Hi everyone. I have a question regarding the um Excel Excel sheet that you explain. Um so you mentioned uh in the class A and class B uh we put our also our company right so the amount that investment for example in this um investment we are bringing as a GP we are bringing 40,000 and the other people are bringing 50,000 so I have to put exactly same amount for class A one of the investors is our company that we brought 40,000. &gt;&gt; Yeah, because you you're basically double dipping in both sides. That's correct. &gt;&gt; Yes. I'm trying to understand in the numbers that how it works. I'm still having an issue. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, to clarify that. So, the real all the money is in the class A. So, now when you're talking about the total amount, it's going to be in the class A. That includes yours. The money that you're putting down under your class B, think of it like phantom money. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. It's like phantom. Like you you put it there, but it's not part of the total capital stack. All your money, &gt;&gt; but the amount is exactly the amount that I we brought it in a class A. Correct. &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah. The anything you're putting down in that class B section is like phantom money. Okay. It's there for the purposes of doing the calculations, but that's it. Yeah. So total capital A is 390 and total capital B is 40 is this is &gt;&gt; right but what is your correct that's the total that's the total money into the deal &gt;&gt; is the total yes &gt;&gt; right so if your other in so if the total amount you need to raise call it is 500 grand &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; that would all be in the class A shares your portion goes in there as well as all your investors. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And then all you're doing in that class B so that way it can calculate for you personally is you'll put your money down there just for calculation purposes, but it's not actually part of the total capital stack because you actually have your money in uh the class A share. Okay, I'm just trying to Okay, I'm for just more um &gt;&gt; so the total capital that in this deal we are calculating the total amount of 1.60,000 60,000 and and um 6 uh 670 is from the loan and um &gt;&gt; wait, say that again. &gt;&gt; 670 is uh we're going to get the loan. &gt;&gt; And then how much capital you bringing in? &gt;&gt; Uh total that we need is 390. 390 we total need &gt;&gt; uh 670 is the loan. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then so you're bringing in 40 grand. &gt;&gt; Yes, we brought the 40 grand. &gt;&gt; So in class A in class A I have to put the &gt;&gt; it's going to look like this. And then you'll get another investor in here &gt;&gt; uh for let's call it 110. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; So let's just use this as an example. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yes. &gt;&gt; Right. So now all your investors are linked up here. Your 40 grand is here for calculation purposes. That's the only reason you have this money down here. But all the money is right here. &gt;&gt; All the 390 that you're raising is right there. &gt;&gt; So that way you get to play ball in your own class A and then you're also getting this here. The reason this goes here is so that way the formulas can do this here, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; That way it can give you this money and it can also give you this money. So, you get to make all that money. That's the B that's the benefit of being in this position as the general partner is you're getting to be your own investor in your own deal and then you get to double dip as a general partner. &gt;&gt; And that's why that's there. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Gotcha. &gt;&gt; That's the beauty of it. And then on top of that, you get all your fee structures as well. Your acquisition fee, your I mean, presuming it all has it in there. asset management fees, construction management fees, other things that are in play during the course of the deal. Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Pretty cool. Pretty cool. Um I see Sandin and then we'll finish off with Cristiano. &gt;&gt; Hey, Justin. Um just wondering about going back to Michael's deal, the purchase agreement. Are there kind of some common areas that get redlined? And then um whose lawyer actually reviewed the purchase agreement? Maybe if you could just talk a little bit about that and then if Michael has time at the end just tell us about his deal and what he's looking to raise and what the purchase price is and if we can know more about the the Louisville 30 that he's &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Michael you can chat about that right now as I'm kind of cruising through this. But um yeah, the main areas are going to be your I call it the the how things get uh prorated, right? And rent credits and prorations. You'll see that in here. The attorney is one of the transaction attorneys that we have listed in the back end of your system. &gt;&gt; So if you go into the vendors and systems, they're listed there. &gt;&gt; Okay. So Michael hired the attorney to to review this. &gt;&gt; Yep. It's on basically his side of the deal &gt;&gt; to ensure that, you know, things look good. &gt;&gt; Makes sense. And other things would be like reps and warranties and stuff. Uh &gt;&gt; okay, &gt;&gt; that's [snorts] going to be a section in here for representations and warranties both on uh the seller side and the buyer side. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um real estate taxes. This just talks about prorations, right? Meaning real estate tax prorations, rent prorations, operating expenses, stuff like that. So obviously you close on the 15th of the month, &gt;&gt; right? There needs to be prrations for rent credits and tax credits and other credits, right? That has to be prrated. Escrow will do all that for you, but it, you know, you want that clarified in these agreements. &gt;&gt; Um, sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a main part. And then um closing of the escrow, I think the let me see where the representations and warranties right here. Okay. So, that's usually a part of the contract you'll want to review. It's just talking about what the seller represents and warranties to you as the buyer &gt;&gt; to be accurate to the best of their knowledge, right? And that's why it's important to review these sections and then they're editing a few of them down here, which we already talked about. &gt;&gt; Excellent. Thank you. &gt;&gt; And then Michael, yeah, why don't you chat real quick about kind of the deal for a minute or two and then we'll let Cristiano finish up. Sure. I'll make it as quick as I can. Um, it's a 30 unit. Uh, it's in uh the southwest part of Louisville. Um, we need to There's only three of the units that um need some LVT put in it. They've got carpet. Uh, the rest of them have already been fully renovated. Uh, they are about $180 below market rent right now. Um, so I just got to basically just go in, raise the rents up, and make sure it's managed properly. I I the current property management company hasn't been doing a very good job, though. It is [clears throat] though it is it's got a little bit of uh deferred maintenance, I believe. Uh I talked to a uh property been reaching out to other property management companies and a guy had went there and talked to some of the tenants that I didn't get an opportunity to do when I poured the property and there were some complaints with the tenants uh with the respond time and stuff like that. So I think we're I think the property may be losing a little bit of money there. Um we can improve in that area as well. So uh but yeah, it was built in 2011. Uh it's beautiful, beautiful landscape. Uh brick exterior. Uh just I mean I really don't I've got the whole pitch deck and landing page built. Uh if anybody wants any information uh I can send that to you. Uh no problem. All the details link in here if you want to just share it in the chat. People can &gt;&gt; if you drop that in the chat I'll take a look. Michael, thank you. &gt;&gt; Yep. No problem. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a it's a cool deal. Uh it's a cool deal that um that uh good location in Louisville, Kentucky. I was impressed with it. Um so definitely worth worth looking at and chatting and that's why we collaborate and put deals together. &gt;&gt; Good work, Michael. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh Cristiano, you're the last one, sir. &gt;&gt; Yes. Hi Justin. Hi everyone. Um I joined a few Facebook group for uh offmarket properties and as you as you know there are like many people posting about having offmarket properties. So I requested list lot of properties especially in Texas and uh I found this property I think it's appealing and then I found the same property being offered by two different wholesalers at different prices like a $100,000 difference. So I wanted to know uh I want to know how to deal with I think a wholesalers are not licensed brokers. What to know when dealing with this individual compared to licensed brokers what to keep in mind? What you should be aware of. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the wholesaler obviously and no different than flipping houses. There's wholesalers for multif family. Um and they're going to add a little assignment fee. I call it a finder's fee uh to the deal. &gt;&gt; And it's like just like flipping a house. If you're going to go buy a property from a a wholesaling flipper, &gt;&gt; most wholesalers do not know how to underwrite a deal. Okay? They probably don't even know the financials. They could care two, you know, what's about it. They're trying to make their assignment fee and that's what they're trying to do. So, you got to run it through and you got to say, "Great. Yeah, I'm super interested. can you send me anything over? And they'll send you the financials. They should the same way that the broker would. Uh because you can't agree to a price without getting some information. So if they want to have you sign a document or an NDA, whatever it is they want to sign to release the information to you, that's fine. So that way that holds their um rights to that, right? Uh totally fine. And then you get the information, you evaluate it, and then because a lot of times the way it should be done, the correct way is they send you the info because it's an off-market deal, wholesaliled, you're going to come up with the price based upon they leave it unpriced. I love the deals that are unpriced because that's what they're doing is they're saying, "Hey, we're going to see what the market is willing to pay." And so here's the financials. Here's the information. let's back into the numbers based on where it makes sense and we'll see what the market's willing to pay versus sticking a price on it. A lot of times they'll just say, "Here's the deal. Here's all the financials. Give us an offer." And then you can ask them, &gt;&gt; "What's the whisper price or what's the that's typically the term, what's the whisper price or what's price guidance?" Those are usually the terms you'll hear. And they'll tell you. The broker will say, "Well, you know, we're looking for X." Keep in mind that's just a fugazi fugazi number. So that's just you know that one this high pie in the sky stuff. Uh that's super cute and then you just backwards to that. &gt;&gt; If we have instead to wholesalers we do the fine price. What's happening? They're like they both have like &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean they can throw they can throw out any number they want. Once again, great. Thank you so much. I would love to take a look at it. Can you send me over the information? Yes, I can. Can you sign this NDA just so that way I'm protected? If you know, if you end up going forward, I'm like, I found it for you. So, yeah, because you need to evaluate it. I don't care what anybody's asking for a property. It's not about what you're asking. It's just you're going to do the analysis, right? And back into the numbers, then make financial sense. &gt;&gt; But that means they're both under contract for the same property, like the two different wholesalers, and they're trying both to assign it. &gt;&gt; Uh, sure. I mean, it happens all the time. I mean, you'll have two wholesalers who are get a deal that are flipping a house and they'll go out there, shop the deal. It happens with wholesalers, too, right? Um, and yeah, they could be trying to get a different a fee or, you know, using a different price because they usually are stacking their fee on top of the price. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; That's usually what's happening. &gt;&gt; So, when you're when you're agreeing to a price, you're really agreeing to their their fee structure. Yeah. Okay. Contractwise, um, we should try to use our own LOIs to start or they gener. &gt;&gt; Correct. So once you actually underwrite it and you come up with a value that you like and you like the deal, you'll use the template that we provide you and make that offer on that template. That's right. &gt;&gt; You got to see the rules very carefully. I saw a lot of terms are quite different from Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. you want to use your your template and then that would go over and then they would submit that right to the seller and see what can be done right through negotiations. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Awesome. &gt;&gt; Thank you, J. &gt;&gt; You bet. Cool. I see everybody in the chat uh on that deal with Michael. That's cool. Yeah. And collaborate in there on that. See if anything comes from it. It's a It's a cool little deal. So, yeah. Yeah. So, go into the back end, get that um uh matrix there for your uh your investors. It's a really cool little uh spreadsheet and utilize that to track all of your investors. This is what I used on my first three deals. And then after that, we went ahead and um uh got our our our portal software, call it, right? Our portal software, which is real estate, which is um syndication pro. But up until the first three deals, I used the spreadsheet that I'm showing you and we gave everybody statements every quarter and we kept it very kind of normal before we got all fancy with a syndication software. So, and I think I see Dean has one question before we finish up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, real quick. Hey, I've been working with some independent offmarket brokers down in Memphis and Mississippi and whatnot, and I got a really strange email. Uh, they wanted me not only to sign a um an agreement, but they wanted a photo copy of my ID. Have you ever seen that? I'm not going to give my ID to anybody. I sent them my business card and they sent back rejected. &gt;&gt; They wanted a copy of your photo ID. Do you know who the brokers are? &gt;&gt; They're they're small. They're they're they're like oneoff shops, just independent brokers. &gt;&gt; I'd say sweet. I'll send you mine if you send me yours. &gt;&gt; Okay. [laughter] Tit there. &gt;&gt; I've never really heard of that one before. I mean, signing an agreement is fine in NDA. Pretty typical. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Then you get &gt;&gt; call yours market, all those guys. It's almost automatic. Boom, boom, boom. It's done. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I mean you I mean what you could do if you want is if there's any sensitive information maybe like an address or something that you don't like on there. Um I don't I would probably blank out my date of birth. Anything that could be used to go do traceable stuff if they're some weirdos. I don't know. I mean we have we have like a super cyber security tech guy Johnny on here. So he he wouldn't send it. I can guarantee &gt;&gt; it wasn't it's it's it was it was a pretty unusual request from your &gt;&gt; That is unusual. It is unusual. I mean, I've never had that happen and I've dealt with some of the biggest brokers in the business. &gt;&gt; Uh they'll have you sign an NDA. Totally cool and normal. &gt;&gt; That's normal. And if they want to look you up, they can go online. But this is why we do the website stuff and we do all that. And then what I'll do on Thursday too as we're finishing up here on Thursday, I'll also show you a couple other websites that some of you are using as your investor websites, you know, that you guys have put together. Uh just to kind of show you what others are doing and how they're utilizing the websites and the CRM and stuff in the back end. Um because they're putting things together. They look pretty cool. They're simple, but it's giving them some online presence that they can use when they're dealing with brokers and anybody else. So &gt;&gt; that would be awesome. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I'll show you finished versions. Finished versions. Um so awesome everybody. Well, have a great evening. Hope this was fun and uh yeah, check in the back end of your stuff in there. Um so you can see those those tools and resources in there. &gt;&gt; Thanks Justin. &gt;&gt; Thanks everybody. &gt;&gt; Thanks Justin. Thank you.