Hello. Hello. Come on in. See everybody coming in. How's everybody doing? I'll make sure. and then I'll reach out. Make sure everybody got How's everybody doing? Chime on in. Happy Tuesday. Happy Tuesday. Good to see you, Joe. See Angelica coming in. We got Tony, Rory. We got Joshua's coming in. Happy Tuesday. Happy Taco Tuesday. Let's see. Angelica, how are you? Um, Luis, good to see you. Rock and roll. Um, perfect. We'll wait just another second here and then we'll get going. Um, yeah. I do want to hear about two things since, uh, you know, Allan's in here. And then also, uh, you know, Luis and you guys, I know that you were looking at Is it was it 48 or 43? Uh, 43. 43. 48. 43. I did I say 48? It was It's 43. One of the two. It's in the 40s. It's in the That one's in Dallas Fort Worth. Is that right? Fort Worth. Um, yeah. and I just got some numbers sent, but I don't have a T12, so I can't I I cannot do the actual analysis yet. So, I can't do the final, but I've I've got a pretty good idea of what's happening there. You know, rent rolls been sent and whatnot. Yeah. So, what would be helpful is to actually have you to the best of your ability. Yeah. Because it'd be good for people to kind of see this how you're walking through it mind. I can correct you as we go through it. Yeah. I just don't have the deal analyzer yet. It's a little early, but I I can show you how I'm going to like counter this. I just got an email. Um hopefully Samira will show up because she's part like we're working on this together. But um yeah, happy to explain how I'm working on it, but feel now or whenever you want. Okay, perfect. One second here and then everybody's coming on in. Yeah. Yep. Let me make sure. Hold on one second here. Gotcha. That did go up. Got it. Beautiful. Yeah, we're we're looking at deals as well. Um, you know, we have uh an odd one came across one of my partners' desk that actually he's here in San Diego of uh of all places and we'll know more, but uh you know, offmarket pre-market deal through the broker. Um it's going to go to market in a couple weeks if it doesn't sell, but I think it's going to sell cuz we're going to we're already writing an offer on it. Um but yeah, it's kind of one of those rare deals where the owner it's been so mismanaged. It's through a trust. The kids are running it totally wrong. 15 of the 27 unit 15 of the 15 of the 22 unit 27 or 25 any more than half of the units are vacant. Um, it's crazy and they're way under market and it's an old property that needs a rena. So, between rena, a market boost, rents, and just proper operations, my gosh, um, it's it'll be a home run, you know, if we get it and get it at the right price. So, um, but we'd be trying to pick that thing up at 175,000 a door. And in Southern California, that's amazing. Yeah, it's really good. if if we can pull it off. To be to be determined. We'll see. Um but okay. Yeah. Go ahead and start chatting about that deal and then if we need to share anything on screen, sir. Can I ask you Can I ask you a quick question? You said if it can be pulled off, what do you mean by that? I I and I'll jump into mine. No problem. I'm talking about our deal. Yeah. You said uh Well, we're making an offer. Yeah. Yeah. We got to get it first. Um but we're in the process of of making the offer and negotiating. Yeah. Okay. So, that's sort of where I'm gonna that's where I'm leading for this. Um, so I'm trying to get my head around a few things. So, I've been to Texas. I from Texas originally, so I already know that market. Um, and I have a sister in Dallas and she's closing on a deal right now. So, she said she would help, right? So, I know that that I can build a team that's a little further because they're in the Dallas area, but Fort Worth is a little area is a little further, but that's a great area, right? Y. So these this group um I just I I just I'm on Facebook sometimes and like it just came across my feed. I was like, "Wow, that's really interesting." So I hit them up and I was like the guy was super nice for Khan, that's his name. and um I started chatting with him and it turns out that Dallas and Dallas Fort Worth that county of Fort Worth has a very similar um like a HUD program and he's plugging in um I guess rent like to stabilize the rents in he's very active right this person so to stabilize the rents what he did was he started hosting people through the county I was like that's great so what are you going to what are you up to now he's like I'm up to around 15 but I I have another one signing on now. So that's 16. And then he just he sent us an email last night. It was like he has three more coming because they sent the rent roll and it shows six. Yeah. You just want to be tactful that um to give you perspective on how that can work and not work. So it can work if you're very very very diligent on your screening and you're watching that thing like a hawk. M it can implode on you when you do what our owner did before we bought one in Texas as well where he let the property get up to about 35 40% section 8 housing vouchers and all that stuff. Unfortunately, these were not the best people for section 8. And a year and a half before we bought it, one of them burnt down one of the buildings. Mhm. Right. It cost them almost $2 million. So, while it looks great because you're like, "Oh, the government's going to, you know, send me money every month, right? Just understand that, you know, you got to really know who is going in that building." And then you're dealing with fair housing laws. So, it's like there's you can't like discriminate, but you need to discriminate, but you shouldn't discriminate, right? just in terms of their personalities and how they are they clean, not clean. Like that's what you're really looking for. Are they clean, not clean? They take care of things, not take care of things, you know? Um but realistically, if you know, I mean, people with lower incomes need housing, right? I mean, I I totally get it. It's just there's a blend, right? So, we've never allowed more than 10% of any of our buildings ever to be section 8. Okay, that's good. That's good information and the bank and the banks are going to ask that question too. That's one of the questions they're going to ask because they can they can they can uh cause a problem for you if you have too many. So is that a conversation then with the seller? I would. Yes. because they once again once once they part of your contract right when you go into escrow part of that contract is going to be that you have to approve any leases uh that happen during the course of escrow because you don't want him just stacking people in there. A lot of times what can happen is as they're getting ready to put the property on the market they'll just fill it up. So that's, you know, one of the questions on that due diligence checklist if you look at it, how many new leases in the last 90 days. And if the number of leases had a huge spike or is spiking currently, then what that's telling you is, oh, their occupancy sucked and they just decided to jack a bunch of people in there even though 60 days from now when they stop paying rent and I've closed escrow, who's going to whose problem is that going to be? Mhm. They they get slick, man. That's why I say it's a good old cowboy and cowg girls club in in in the commercial field. But that's why the questions we provide you, those due diligence questions are very specific. And then you just need to double check. Yeah. I've um sent them out numerous times now and I've gotten a couple of like I care not to risk. Well, yeah. You mean you'd only send those out like pretty much once you have an executed LOI? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Don't Yeah. Don't send those until you have a deal inked or you have like, oh, you're getting it and then you're in the contract phase where you're actually negotiating the contract. Make sense? Yeah. It's after we send an LOI. That's when we're sending it. But yeah. So, I would not send the questions until you have an ink deal. Okay. Yeah. Because I mean, a broker is going to laugh. He's going to be like, I'm not giving you that information. Not until you have a deal. Yeah. Okay. So, so, so back to this. The reason why I started explaining this a little more was I looked at the where this was located. I saw the market. I saw that there's a lot of growth in that area. Yeah, it's not an awesome area. It's not an incredible area. Um but that's okay to me because I have I'm have experience with that kind of like transitional area. Is it transition transitioning up or down? So, what's the uh what's the address? You mind sharing? No, I don't. Uh, give me one sec. [Music] I was not um ready for this. Sorry. On the spot, man. On the spot. So, so while I'm like tracking that down, I don't know. I saw Samira just jump on there. Can you um find the address for Justin by chance? Do you have a second? Um, which uh which building you are talking? Sorry, I arrived late. Um, the Fort Worth deal we were looking at. So, we're looking at two other deals in San Antonio right now as well. But, uh, Fort Worth, that's the one we're discussing right now. Um, the reason why I was the guy quickly was said, okay, it's five, it's listed at 5 million. So, I'll look at it. It's actually now that it's on Zillow. Um he listed for five million but he's willing to like do this take it for four. I was like wow that's a million dollars off. Yeah. So that quickly got my wheels turning in the sense of like why and I started looking further into that and what's happened in that area and what's going on in that area and that helped me get to this place of like oh they want to negotiate they're very and he told me his situation and what he's trying to get out of the country and I we also know that a lot of um there's a lot of foreclosures foreclosures a lot of balloon payments are going to come due so we knew this was probably going to enter into that like desperation phase of like motivation. So, I thought this would be a really interesting um time to explore that and to check that. We've been looking in Texas for like a while. It's been like months. So, um and we had an LOI. We were, you know, last week or the week before we were down to it, but we would not come down on our offer and so we lost that, which is fine, but that was in San Antonio, by the way. Um Okay. So, Samira, what's the address? Yeah. Yeah. I'm still thinking that which um which which building Louis is talking about. Which one? That's the one. Dallas Fort Worth. Dallas. Okay. Uh 4716 SAMOR. This is this one. That's the one. Yep. Okay. Uh 7 sorry 4716 uh S Y C more drive or road or what? Uh, I think it's street. Street and that's in Fort Worth. No, that's the one that's that's the one in Dallas. We were looking at that one. That's not it. Um, that's wrong. Give me one sec. Sure. Yeah. Uh, this is a Dallas one, right? Give me one sec. and then on why he's looking for that. So, the challenge for everybody and we'll send this out to everybody in the group um for this uh quarterly flyyou in working with you is um we're going to uh it's going to be a little bit twofold. one being uh submitting three LOIs a week, right? So, whoever can submit three LOIs a week for one month, so that's 12 LOIs and you know, show us and all that stuff. uh then you're going to be automatically added into the hat and we're going to draw at the uh end of each month uh for one a month and then for the quarterly uh I'll be flying out and we'll be doing on the ground one-on-one uh where you're at and making things happen. Um because I I know darn well if you're sending out LOIs like that, that means you're analyzing deals and you're getting comfortable and uh something's going to pop. something's going to pop. So, um if you whoever is doing that, we we're going to start that coming up this week. So, starting Monday, uh we'll start tracking it and uh so keep everything in a folder. Obviously, you don't need to be like sending them in and all that stuff at this point. Uh but you'll we'll verify those, but then that way you're added into the hat and we'll draw once a quarter uh once a month for the quarter. Yeah, I do have the address. Yeah. Okay. So it's um it's 1901 Hanley Drive. So Hanley Han D L E Y. Okay. That's in Fort Worth, Texas. 76112. 66. What you said? It's 76112. I'm gonna try to pull up the original listing. So, I was checking this out. Um, I'm going to share my screen real quick, please. Yeah. So, there that's the one. That's it. So, interesting. Also, um, side note, this this building back in, I think like 15 or 20 years ago, it like a toddler fell in a pool unattended and the city came in and filled it. So, it did have a pool in the courtyard, but a toddler passed away, deceased, and so they filled it. The city was like, "We have to fill it and just like, you know, so there's no pool anymore." And I don't know what the That's okay. Yeah, it'll save you money and it's it's a small enough complex that it Yeah, it's good. It's a good thing. That's a good thing. Okay, so he's saying like so not five million, but he's willing to take he said four. His most recent email I was going to ask about this. This just came in was um let me see here. He said he'll take one to 1.2 million or there's a group on there now. Um they will take one to 1.2 2 million, but they with a one-year balloon payment that's going to come due. It's advertised over 20. Did you get band-aid? Yeah. Oh, you want me to go do it for you? Oh, sorry. That wasn't me. You want me to go get it for you, Bubbas? It's all right. Um, yeah. So, what I Before you even get into the financing structure, y you got to determine a price, right? and what is the thing worth? And so that's why, you know, getting as much of that financial information as you can to be able to underwrite it back into the number and whether it's four million or three million or two. Um, you know, they need to understand that look, I mean, the building's only worth what it can produce. That's it. And so what I'm find I mean right now is that some people are like okay I'm gonna sell it like we have we had another LOI go out on um a smaller building in Fort Worth a few I want to say like earlier in the week but the it was free and clear right so there was no debt and the owner just said nope well yeah it's not that it necessarily is free and clear what they say when they put on there what they're meaning is hey you need to get new debt meaning we're not going to sell it with assumable debt That's usually when they when sometimes it says I mean it could be free and clear. It's possible. But what they really mean when they say you know cash or free and clear just means hey you need to bring in new money you know from either a loan or equity a down payment. So what if they bought high? This is back to a question I had for you last week. What if they bought high in 2021 2022 and now they our numbers in from the deal analyzer perspective show a much lower amount or a lower so now yeah which is exactly why they shouldn't be selling unless they have to right I mean that's the reason we're not selling any of our buildings we bought in 21 and 2022 because we'd lose all our money. M so I mean I'd be talking to the seller and saying listen man why are you selling you know I'd look at the loan because the I can guarantee it all comes to financing right if if they're if that thing is on the market and it's selling and they actually bought it between right 2021 2022 anything after 2021 they're screwed right now they're screwed So, um, unless they did some massive value ad project, they're in rough waters. So, I'd ask him because if if he bought this thing in 2021 and they didn't do a lot to it, you know, he's probably underwater and he probably has a loan coming due as well. How would you negotiate that given, let's say that this building that we're looking at right here was bought in 2022. Yeah. How would you negotiate that? Well, I once again, you just what is it worth? So, you back into the financials and if that means it's worth $3 million, but then you find out through motivation and chatting with the brokers and the sellers that you know, hey, this guy's loans coming due. He's underwater and they can't feed the debt service anymore. So then you know there's some pain, there's some pressure, which means the owner is going to do one of two things. He's either going to sell it and that may mean he walks away from all his equity, but he avoids a foreclosure or he's going to need to modify his loan with the bank and deal with that scenario if he can. Or he needs to walk into the bank and give him the keys. Okay. Right. I mean, there's there's three three options there. So, he's either going to modify his existing debt and work with the bank if they will, maybe they won't even work with him, or he may be in a position where all his equity currently in this market may be gone. I mean, you're seeing that this happen where they're being forced to sell, but their equity's gone, right? There's no equity there, but they're in a forced position because their loans coming due or they can't service the debt or things are going on, right? All that stuff. There's a lot of pressure for that type of stuff right now. But you said last week if we can get into a the Texas market, for example, for example, if we can buy now, this could be potentially a really good moment because things Oh, 100%. Yeah. especially if you buy uh at today's market, right? To give you an example, okay, we closed on a deal in February, we uh uh a co-general partner of ours, Terrence and us on 144 units in College Station, Texas, which is Texas A Texas A&amp;M, Aggie Town, uh just about a few hours south east of Dallas. And that deal had fallen gone in and fallen out of escrow twice at 16. First one was at 17 million 17 and the next one was at 16 million and change. He waited and he held out and he talked to the broker over and over and over and over and over again. And the broker kept calling him over and over and over again and he kept telling the broker, "Dude, no, I can't do it for that. No, I can't do it for that. I can't." And the broker's like, "Dude, he's not going to sell it for that." And I'm like, "I don't think you understand. The market's going down, not up. So, this is where we can buy it because we got to buy it on today's market environment. Ended up picking that thing up for 13.5 million. Wow. Okay. Wow. And the owner had to take it in the shorts who was selling it, but they were in a position because of the loans and the pressure that they had two options. Either go hand the keys back to the bank and have a foreclosure, right? Or sell it. He got some equity out. Not much, but some. right? And had to walk away and kind of, you know, dust himself off. So, but that's what happens when you get into these these markets right now. It's it's part of the unfortunately some win, some lose. So, what I'm hearing you say is like it might be a good strategy on our end to wait. Uh I would play it out. Uh especially if you put the thing on Zillow for sale, right? Uh that means it's overpriced. Mhm. Is it with a broker right now? No, he's trying to sell it. It's like the individual and his group. Oh my god. Is Is he licensed at all or No, it's all Probably not. This is like This is like the owner of this. I don't even know how he acquired it, but he just is like, "My group wants to sell it because I want to leave the country right now." I'm like, "Okay." Hey, man. So, I I would if you're talking directly with the owner, that's a good position to be in. It's really good because he just like offered up me on the phone. He's like, "I will take a million dollars cash." So, when I spoke to my good friend who's a lender, he's like, "Man, that's Are you kidding me?" He's like willing to work out the terms with him. Yeah. So, do do you know what that means? When he says he'll take four, that means under pressure, go find out what the loan balance is on the property. That's what I'm trying to do. That's That was the strategy I wrote that down. Yeah. So, what I what I here's how you do that. You go you talk to the owner and you say, "Hey, is your is your loan assumable at all?" Right? He's probably gonna say no. You say, "Okay, what's your current like debt like balance debt? I mean, but what you can do is you can go into um where Yeah. How do you find is that the is that county county records or is that s like some like Craigslist or one you know um what's the other one? Loopnet. That's why you have the software. Mhm. That's your That's the real estate radar. [Music] Awesome. I think it should pull it up. I may have to look elsewhere. I'll see if this will actually pull it up. I don't know if it will or not. We have to go into the search fields. Uh it's because it's 1901 Hadley, right? That's it. Yeah, that's that's the that's it. Got it. Oh, that was Sorry. You're going to copy that. [Music] I will say that um it's getting a lot easier to find properties right now at this moment uh in different markets. I mean, brokers are reaching out to me almost like I'm getting like three cent me every day. I haven't bought anything. I'm just literally like just talking to people and just hanging out and just like that's how like effective I will say that your class your course is. I actually sound like I really know what I'm doing but I'm also leveraging this the experience that I have in in in real estate in general, right? So I understand that. So it's not that I haven't done anything but in this space. So when you when you're approached by brokers, it's very much like I'm sensing like desperation is starting to creep in. People are like motivating. They're like, I had one yesterday, guys in San Antonio. They were like, we know that this owner is trying to get out of it right now. Like, make us basically like make us Oh, this is why this guy's doing it. I'm curious. Okay, so here's and I don't know if this is 100% accurate, but here's your building. You can see this on your screen. Mhm. Okay, so he bought it for 2.6 million bucks two little over two years ago. Two and a half years ago, 2023. Okay. Um, now he I'd like to see he could have stole it, right? He could have gotten a smoking deal when he did that. Um, I don't know if the balance is a million 945, but that would make some sense. Mhm. Right. On his balance, right? Um, I'm curious when So would have been assessed for that that amount. Is that interest rate at 6.33? Um, credit line. Interesting. Term 30 years. I bet that loan's probably It could be coming due next year. It's possible he had a three-year note. You think the full amount or like um Oh, yeah. that's going to have a balloon payment, right? Three three years, right? Three years has loans due. So, he has to refinance it or he has to sell it. That's his two options. So, looking at this at a 6.33 rate, I mean, the rate, you know, it's probably in line with what the market is today. But I'd be curious if he's um big, you know, how the propertyy's operating. I'd want to know that, you know, just kind of understanding that. But unless he's somehow stole this property when he bought this thing, um because back in 2016 it transacted again, right? So, the person that bought this before doubled it, right? Doubled it. And then he bought it for 26, put a $2 million loan on it. Um, I mean, I can't there is no way. Um, I I'll I'd love to look at we're going to look at the underwriting when you get it. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Uh could you please explain say again that why um the seller have to sell this property next year or or I would ask them I'd say hey man it looks like you have about a 2 million. This is the information you pull up when you use the software. I had to come in here and say hey how did you get for the three years? Um I don't I don't know that that's the term of his loan but I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to ask right I'm going to say hey because you have direct access to the seller. So because remember commercial loans are three, five, seven or 10 years. Thank you. Three, five, seven, or 10 years. So if he got this thing in 2023, then that means February of 2026 that loan's coming due. Got it? Potentially, which would make sense because it's a it's a revolving line of credit. Looks like he has a credit line based on the data here. It's a revolving credit line. It's advertised over 30 years, but it's very possible he has a three-year note on that thing and it's coming due, which is why he's selling it now. Got it. Because his other option is refinancing it, but he's not going to get any better loan right now refinancing it. So, I'd be really curious on the financials because he's in a tough spot. The good news is the good news is he bought the thing for 26. So, there's an enormous amount of equity potentially. So if the properties bring good um um you know income, why he wanted to sell it? He can just refinance it. He may not be able to refinance it unless he puts a money bunch of money into it. There's all kinds of reasons. He says because like they want to he's getting married, he wants to leave and they don't want to have an asset in America. That's what he said. Where's he from? He didn't say that. He asked where my partner was from. I told him and he was like, "Oh, somewhere in the Middle East." I But he speaks really like clear English, so I want to say he drove or he grew up in Texas. He sounds like he has a Texas accent. So, I don't know. I have not asked him that. Um I I try not to, you know what I mean? Like I'm like, uh, whatever. I don't I don't I don't really. So, here here's what happened on this deal. I can smell it like white on you know what they they say a fly on. You know what? Okay. No brokers would take his listing because he's he's smoking some good juju. Okay. That's why he stuck it on Zillow himself and you're talking to the seller. Zillow. And we're like on Zillow. Yeah. It goes to show he doesn't know what he's doing. And no commercial broker because I guarantee he called brokers and said, "Hey, can you give me a a BOV, broker opinion of value?" And the brokers gave him a broker opinion of value. And I guarantee it was at 3 million or less. Guaranteed. guarantee it was at $3 million or less, but he's like, "Oh, I want five." Right? So, he's trying to play this whole, you know, game. And I'll take four. It's a screaming deal. Once again, I don't care what you're asking, sir. I care what the financials tell me, right? And you're going to want to verify these with this guy. I can just tell you with a 10-ft pole, you're going to be asking for bank statements by the time you know this deal happens. Okay? But um yeah, I guarantee he would take $3 million or less. Okay, thanks. That's great. Like that just like what you just showed us and like the RA I forgot the real estate radar of course because we're working on other deals like the only one. So, but that's great to know this because the guy is like super nice to me like I'm very with him and blah blah blah. But the reality is like it's sooner or later once the T12 lands in my inbox, it's like that's going to go into this. Well, keep in mind he's going to fudge the hell out of that. I mean, because you're dealing with the owner. I guarantee those things are going to be as good as the paper it's sent over on. Well, how do you verify that? Bank statements. Got to do that once once again, you're going to back into numbers and you're going to trust but verify. And you know, uh, before you would agree to anything, you're going to say, "Listen, man. So, this is I can guarantee I can smell this." So, you're going to get the T12, whatever financials he gives you, right? Then you're going to call the bluff a little bit. You're going to like see he's watch. He's going to tighten up. You're going to say, "Listen, man. There's something a little bit off on these numbers a little bit. Here's the thing. Like, I'd love to write you an offer. Like, can you send me over the last, you know, 12 months of bank statements on the property? And this is what's going to happen. He's gonna he's going to pucker up. Well, well, watch. I guarantee this is what's going to happen because he knows he's caught and he's like going to be like, "Oh, shit." It's okay, though. Um, but you can use it to your advantage. And you say, "Listen, man. You bought this thing for 2.6 million bucks at the peak of the multifamily market. You're trying to sell it for five, now four. The market's not there. the cap rates have gone up, markets gone down, vacancies are up, rents are down, you know, it's just not happening. So, you know, we need to verify the financials because it's only worth what the property produces and with loans and everything we got to put on it, blah blah blah blah, you know, we're here to help you out and get you to where you want to go out of the country and blah blah blah, but he's not making a bunch of money on this thing. There's no way he's walking away with that that it just won't work. I can guarantee it. So, let me ask you this. Have you seen fraud of PDFs like generated or like bank statements ever come your way as a group? Usually, if it's represented by a broker, no. Right? Because the brokers will verify those things as much as they can. But an individual is as much as they can, right? But when it's coming directly from the owner, I guarantee it's going to be a bit shady. Um, and I'm just based on the numbers I'm seeing here, there's just no way, unless there's something I'm missing here, y that he could buy it for that cheap, right? 2.6 million bucks in February 2023, which was, you know, even then it was the peak of the the market and then somehow it's now worth millions of dollars more today. Like if he didn't and it doesn't look like he did a ton of work. No. To the property. No. So, yeah. Once again, unless there's something I'm missing there. Um, it doesn't add up. It doesn't add up. So, I think he's in trouble. I think he needs to sell the property to get out of the debt and the loan and the issues going on and he doesn't want to deal with it anymore. He's trying to take a big payday and just get out of the country and Adios, you know, and that's that's even scarier because now you you can't once he closes escrow, that guy's on a jet as fast as he can get out and rock and roll. So you basically like say like abandon we haven't put in we haven't submitted anything like just had a few conversations. Would you just bail on that would all together because of would you just No, you just No, just don't have any attachment to it. Yeah. Right. Don't get attached. Just treat it as such. get the numbers, analyze it, and then just know that whatever he's feeding you is probably a little smelly. Um, because I guarantee this building is not operating for less than a 45% expense ratio, period. So, take whatever revenue that he's showing and a minimum 45% expense ratio and then you have to add in uh that's going to include your operator or your property manager and all that stuff. Um, but minimum 45%. For a building of this age, guaranteed. Got it. Um, and then just back into it like that. So, so good. Thank you, Justin. You bet. So, did everybody learn from that? Like just kind of seeing us kind of look through this thing and kind of the little nuances because these are the types of things you're looking at on these deals. And this is why we wanted to make sure everybody in here has access to the software, which you all do for free. Uh we gave you the coupon codes. Who does here not have that right now? Chime in in the chat. Um if you do not have the software and the coupon code that you get for it, um I want to make sure. Okay. So then let me send you this link. I'll just put it in the chat again so that way you have it and then I'll give you the coupon code here in just a moment. So yeah, Angelica, you'll see it there coming in. That's the link to sign up for it. And then let me give you the coupon code. One second for you as a mentee. Okay. You're going to use this as your code in the code section. Yep. So, that link and that code and that way you can get access to the software and use it. But you just saw how I utilized it to look at this property. Um, and you could use it for anyone. So, what you do is come in here to your commercial leads. Um, come in here and plug it in. It should find it for you when you're looking it up and bring up the actual property itself. I wonder what the AI match would do real quick. Let me take a look at this property. Buy a discount or flip buy and hold. Okay, let's do 10 miles. We're going to aim. Fire. See if it brings anything up. Only one. Only one that kind of matches. See what that looks like. All right. Here's another one. Looks like a It's not 156 units. Something's wrong there. But I like the area. But I don't think that's 156 units. That doesn't match up. So, I'd want to see if that's accurate or not. Um, but yeah, you see how it's uh sellability scores pretty good likelihood of selling 1968 built. This would just be going direct to the owner. Um, yeah, I don't think it's 100. That doesn't make sense if it's 156. Something's missing there. But looks like a cool little apartment complex. High potential. It's kind of g see how it's actually doing this. It's kind of cool. It's giving you the AI overlay on it saying high potential high risk opportunity due to significant 156. That doesn't seem right. Um, but there is interest on it. So, I'd be curious on the loan they have. Uh, it's got 2023 delinquent taxes. Interesting. Mechanics leans. Highly motivated seller. Interesting. Okay, let's see what this actually talks to me about. I haven't actually used this feature yet. Interesting. So, what it's doing is you can actually ask it. That's cool. That's a new feature. They just uh we just uh the developer team put in there chat with real estate radar about the property. Uh this is a new feature. Um I have to talk to them about this. I like this. Um yeah, it gives you kind of a summary scenario on it. That's cool. Yeah, that's cool. Um but yeah, definitely utilize it. Um if you're just coming in here right now, you'll see a link in the chat. Um Sean, I just saw you come in. Um this is real estate radar.ai that you get access to as a mentee um for your first 90 days to kind of use it. And uh so we're looking at some different properties and stuff in Texas, but you can take a look at any deals that you're actually looking at and get some background data on them about the sellers, about loans, about if it's coming due, all that stuff. Um, and the biggest thing to look at is the debt and the loans and the financing because that's your motivator, right? That's your motivator on all these deals because owners have to do something when those loans come due and they come due at it 3, five, seven or 10 years. Three, five, seven or 10 years. That's it. So therefore, you can kind of look at these things and go, "Oh, they bought it here. Loans coming due here. Something's going to happen. Either they're going to refinance it or they're going to sell it. and see what kind of pain or stress or maybe not stress is on it. But maybe a great opportunity. You just don't know. You just don't know. So, um I know we got to finish up a few minutes early today. Um so, on the challenge, by the way, just to remind everybody who came in, and I really want this to be cool, is you know, send us your LOIs that you're doing every week. And if you can be writing three LOIs, then what we're going to be doing is putting your name in a hat and then drawing once uh a month for the quarter and then the winner is going to and you have a pretty good chance because if you are in the hat and then you're drawn, I mean, you have a I guess at that point a one in three chance that I'm going to be flying out to you and we're going to be spending time and I'm going to come to your market and we're going to tour deals and make things happen. So, I'm trying to create a challenge to kind of like force you to, you know, write offers because I know that if you're looking at deals, analyzing, and writing offers, something's going to pop. It's just a matter of time, right? It's just a matter of time before something's going to pop. So, that's really, really the key. Really key. Um, awesome. Can I ask a question, Justin? Yes. um about I'm just realizing here the the analyzer um when you go on the loan type it's set like as a default it's like 30 year amortiz but you just said it's yeah it's amvertising over 30 but that all that does is determine the payment amount not when the loan's due. Okay. Yeah. So remember there's it can be amvertised over 30 or 25 either way. But what that does is just tell you how they're creating the payment schedule. But the loan could be due at three, five, seven or 10 years. Yeah. You don't need to really worry about that. You're just using the deal analyzer for the purposes of the payment. Okay. So it's sometimes in 30 years. But by you you mean that the property needs to be paid off or what you mean is you at Yeah, correct. So depending on the loan you end up getting, either a three, five, seven, or 10 year loan, that's going to determine when you either need to refinance it or sell it. One of the two. Okay. One of the two. Yeah. Most loans today, most loans you're going to get are going to probably be seven or 10 year loans. Most like obviously residential that is 30-year loan, 30 year amortized and the loan is not due before the 30 years. So it's different. Yeah. Commercial is completely different. So you have to refinance or sell basically when Okay. Even though your your mortgage is like amortized for 30 years. Yeah. Because the amortization is completely independent of the term of the loan. Yeah. The term is 3, five, seven or 10 years. The amortization for the payments is determined over 30 years. You see the difference? Oh, yeah. I know. Yeah. And Okay. Yeah. Perfect. So, that's kind of how Yeah. You're always looking at 25 to 30 years on how they advertise the payments and determine payments, but the term of the loan is going to be three, five, seven, or 10. Yeah. Allan, I see your hand. Hey, just a quick question on the loan thing. So for your uh LPS for example in the deals that you're doing, um so are you structuring that like to pay them back in like four or five years with your deals or how do you doing? Yeah. So if you look at the deal analyzers and especially the the u the IRR tab how it has like five or six years there. Yeah. That's specifically designed to say, hey, our business plan going into this thing is a three to five year hold. Okay. So, you vary it between three to five. It's not You can always It can always change depending on the market, right? Can always depending on the market, right? Flexibility usually. Yeah. It's usually how you go into it. Gotcha. Yeah. All right. Thank you. Yeah. You bet. Any other last quick questions before we finish up? We got to finish a few minutes early today. I know that uh Ro uh Rory, how's that deal going out there in Kansas City? If you're still on here, I mean, you may be on the uh Oh, what did you say? Yeah. How's that deal going out there in Kansas City? It looks like the money's been raised. Yeah, it's pretty good. Uh I I raised about a 100 grand. It's harder than I thought, but it it I did it in like three, four days. So there amazing. Yeah. Yeah. So there um Does anybody else need some of Roor's money? No, what's what's actually good is Wait, hold on for just one second. Let me get off the phone with this person. Um but just kind of show what we're trying to create inside the community for everyone. That's why posting on the app, posting in deals, coming into these calls is um Hayden and Matt, they're on their third property. They're doing a 53 or 56 unit, I think, something like that, uh out in Kansas City. And they had to raise 700 something thousand total. They had about 500 something thousand raised. They're a couple hundred thousand short. And so they're reaching out. They were talking to us, talking to everybody. Obviously, connected people inside the community. and Rory ended up uh investing into it. So, uh bring other money in 33 unit. So, I put a little bit money and then I got uh I just was like on the on the phone like hustling for like three days straight trying to hit up everybody I knew. And actually, the good thing about it is that I did raise some money, but like some people the timing wasn't right for them like this round. But I'm actually like planting the seed where they're like, "Okay, the next deal that comes around, you know, like, yep, definitely hit me up." So, so what that is is that's called a soft commitment. Yeah. So, you just take their info, you stick it into your CRM system, you tag them as a warm type lead. So, that way when another deal comes around, boom, it just goes out and it's part of the whole database thing. And you're just collecting soft commitments because you just never know. You never know who's going to do or not do. Um, but if you have a decent to good deal, yeah, the the money will find it typically. Yeah. Can I ask Roy? I'm just curious like were you are you a GP or LP? So, um, I invested a little bit into uh in as an LP, but uh if you hit a certain amount, then he's willing to give you like a small portion of the GP. Yeah. Technically, you want to do that, too. So that way you stay in guidelines with um any kind of securities laws. Yeah. And he he said I gota like as a GP I'll have to have some type of role in in in in the thing be it whatever flying out to Kansas City. I have properties over there too. So you're gonna you're going to cook muffins and take them into the office. That's Yeah. Yeah. But um it's super it like I I'm stoked on it because just in like when like when I did my due diligence on that deal just you know because if I'm soliciting money from my friends like I want to make sure that that deal is solid, right? So I just like tried to like poke holes and I looked up looked at it. I mean I was up till like 2 o'clock in the morning trying to you know just see how solid that deal is. and and you learn a lot just from partnering up with them, them answering your questions and, you know, and it's just beginning. So, I I'm kind of happy with, you know, doing this at least. It's pushing me to to when I'm analyzing my deals, you never know, I might go in with them or, you know, it just it just helps. Yeah. That's that's the whole point is through collaborations, you know, and and trying to connect everybody through this community, which we're doing, and growing that end of it. So, I love that. Um, awesome. All right, everybody. I do have to jump off a few minutes early this evening, but um, I hope this was helpful and then, um, yeah, click on that radar software thing, use that link if you need it. So, that way you're utilizing the software. It's there for you if you're doing property analysis, just digging into the numbers, information, loan information, owners. It's kind of like your little resource in addition to all the other resources out there. So, so cool. Awesome. Everybody, have a good evening. Thanks, Justin. You bet. Bye. Thank you.