microphone working, which we do. How's everybody doing? I see everybody coming on in. I'm hoping that uh Louise or Samira will come on in. Uh we'll see if they come on in today. I'm going to go and uh underwrite one of their deals uh right here on screen and walk through it. So, we'll see how everybody comes in. Rex, good to see you. Roy, Thomas, Bruce, Joe, Brent, Adrian, good to see you all. Thanks for coming on in. Happy Thursday. Happy Thursday. Uh I am in our Las Vegas office today. Uh is the video a little sketchy or is it supposed to like It's weird why it does this sometimes. I don't know. And it's not the connection. connection's great. Um, so great to see you, Gupta. Ry's in here. Great to see you. Love it. Uh, so some uh some administerial stuff real quick. So, let me share the back end just you just so you understand when you're dealing with your back end and stuff. Uh, and kind of what we're building in. Uh, it's functional now. uh it will be more functional soon as we are training it and making it better. But we have Charlie our built-in AI. So when you log in to your portal right now it's only set up on desktop but what we're doing is inside of here uh anywhere in your communities anywhere inside there uh you're going to be able to chat if you have questions and can come in here and put in really anything you want. into the chat and asked, you know, Charlie, hey Charlie, uh, tell me the top five places to invest in the USA uh, today for multifamily, right? And you can ask and it's going to take we're working on response times and all that stuff and how we're working it out and training it through uh, chatgpt open AI, but it's all built into that. So that way from a multif family perspective and then we're going to get it to a point we're literally cloning me. So it's going to be voice activated at some point here where you're going to be able to literally talk to it like a conversation and it's going to respond. You know it gives you the top five. Um it's going to respond and give you uh me literally vocally responding to you saying, "Hey Brent, this is the five areas Austin, Texas, Phoenix, Atlanta, Tampa, and Charlotte, and this is why." Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom. And you can literally ask it anything. Hey, I'm looking at buying this property in 123 East Street and um looking to do XYZ with it. Here's actually the deal analyzer. This is going to be sick. You can upload this deal analyzer in Excel. Give it some some pinpoints, you know, on the deal. It'll analyze it for you and pop out a response on, hey, how does this thing look? Can it be better? What should I be doing with it? you could literally ask it any question about the deal. Um, and it's going to be me responding to you at some point here. So, we're just in we're in the training process now, but it's it's functional. Uh, but it's going to continue to get better. I just want to make you fully aware of that in your back end. So, in addition to the communities and then all your core stuff in here, you'll also have access to the AI and right now it's desktop based. It will soon be on the mobile app. So, that way everywhere you go, it'll be on your mobile app as well. And that way you can take it and talk to it just like you would the chat GPT app. You'll be able to talk to Charlie same way which will pretty much and that's gonna be me basically at some point. It's going to be my face, my vocals responding to you vocally in the side in the inside. So I just want to make you aware of that. Pretty cool. And uh you we're building on that to really help answer questions. So that way, I know you have Zach and and Brian and everybody in the back end that's helping on the customer service side when you have questions and things, but you know, there could be stuff 2:00 a.m. in the morning, who knows, right? Or 11:00 at night or outside of business hours, whatever it is to where you feel you can get instantaneous responses and they're good. And then we can always back those up, which is why, you know, the live stuff will never stop. We don't want it to uh because we want you to have direct access, my cell phone number, email, direct contact information because there's just such nuance in this space as you're trying to go from where you're at to where you want to go and then that's why you're in here for that. So, I just want to make you aware of that. Uh Christine, good to see you. And I don't know if Luis is in here yet, but I'll jump on. So, I'm going to underwrite his deal that he sent in. Just want to kind of show you that and what we're talking about. So this is his that he had sent in just recently. This one's in Texas from the multifamily group and little 20 I think it's a 20 28 unit deal. 28-unit deal. Little class C property built in 1956. Uh it's going to need some love. He's got 200,000 bucks in here. Uh, I'm going to peruse through I'm going to literally walk you through my mind and how I would look and evaluate this property end to end as I were pulling it up from, you know, the broker. Okay, we're going to start with the OM so I can walk you through what my eyes are seeing and what you should be looking for when you're reviewing these offering memorandums, which is like a nice little marketing piece from the brokers. And I know these guys personally. They send us deals all the time. This is a very good little group called the Multif Family Group. They handle a lot of stuff in the middle part of the country. and they're a very very very good group. Another one's called MMG, the multi- MFG, MF multif family group. Uh this is the Yeah, this is TMG. And then there's MMG or MG I think is the other one. But there's a lot of them, you know, but these are some local guys. Very, very good. Okay, so let me answer a couple quick questions. Anybody have any specific questions I can answer right now before I get going on this deal and kind of walk you through it? Uh Roy, I see you there. Uh, let me bring you up real quick. Hold on one second. Can you hear me? Yeah. Is this a on market deal or offmarket deal? This is a pre-market deal. Pre-market deal. Correct. Uh, that they're sending out before it goes, you know, full blow on on websites and stuff. So, I mean, they may I don't know. I'd have to look up to see if they've put it up there now, but I know it was uh initially pre-marketed. Yeah. Was that it? Yeah. Oh, okay. Awesome. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, let's walk through this and I'll show you. So, on regarding the OM, so the offering memo, that's pretty much what the broker puts together. Nice little marketing package. This is let me know everything about it. 28 units year built address of the property and just kind of, you know, looking at kind of the visuals on this thing. I can tell you right now, I mean, it's nice that it's got these overhangs here. This is your traditional garden style apartment complex, uh, in Texas. I can already see some deferred maintenance on the woodwork and stuff like that. I mean, a new paint job and some woodwork will go a long ways in this thing. Overall, seems like it's fair condition. I mean, it's old, but it's clean, right? It just needs some love, right? It just needs some love. So yeah, it looks like it's got it's pitched roof. So that's nice to see. These are just the things I look for. Pitched roof. I can see these things are all overhangs and stuff for weather purposes. So that's good. You see these rain gutters coming off the building right here. I always like to see that. And you see how it's put into a French drain system right here. You always want to see that if you can. That tells me all this stuff is going to flow down underground. It's going to allow water to flow away from the building, not towards the building. That causes foundation issues. That causes water issues. that causes what's called big money problem issues. That's what you want to look for. So, just looking at they got it's got rain gutters, it's got a pitched roof, it's got the overhangs, got door sliders, main front doors, older windows. So, these are all aluminum old windows, 1950 style. I mean, if you could if you could change out the windows and doors, it would make a tremendous um improvement on the efficiency of your air conditioning systems, especially in the Texas heat and um overall quality of the units and your tenants. Just depends on what the budgets are there. Another thing we like to look for, you see these fire hydrants right here that they put in here. We'll want to just kind of look at some of the photos and when you're touring the property, you're always looking for those. Okay. Uh, perfect. Roof needs repair. Awesome. Oh, okay. Yeah, and I'll bring you on here in just a minute. Uh, yeah, looking at this thing. Um, looking at this summary, multif family group, pleased to offer this 800 square ft. Uh, looks like it's one unit type, two-bedroom, one bath units, 800 ft² each. Uh, it's 100% occupied, which is means that the rents are under market. That's what that means. [laughter] No building's 100% occupied. Um, unless it's way under market. Uh, renovate the 11 classics. Fine. Uh, increase the NOI. Uh, add in the laundry. Okay. Will expire. Should be changed to more profitable purchase coin operated units. Okay. Reduce the water bills. Fine. Implement miscellaneous uh bill back for fees, pest control, reserve parking, all that stuff. Agreed. Um, location talks about that. Some of the highlights, $280 per month per unit premiums, meaning you can bump the rents at least $280 a unit per month. That's great. Um, attaining $1,500 rents. Okay. All two-bedroom units, 100% occupied. $300,000 invested into the interior already. 88,000 median household income. That's great. That's what you look for. Uh Richardson rated niche. That's a good little area. Close to internet internet interstate 75. Uh Target and Walmart. Richardson the second largest employment center in DFW. Gotcha. Current terms of purchase. And I'll just kind of zoom in on these guys. Uh purchase with a new loan. So it's not doesn't look like assumable is an option there. Um this giving you some more data on the units. foundation style pier and beam. Uh pier and beam. So it's is it a raised foundation? Gupta. Is it raised foundation or is it on slab grade? Looks pure and beam. So that means it's a raised foundation. Um asphalt shingles that's fine. HVAC chill. Oh chiller system. Oh boy. Okay. Let's talk about that. So if it's a single chiller system, um, oh manh, you just really want to look at that. Um, a single chiller system. Yeah, a single chiller system versus individual condensers. Meaning when units have individual condensers, if one goes out, you just fix that one. If that chiller goes out on all 28 units, you're going to have a show up your ass like you've never seen a show up your ass. Cuz imagine 110 degrees in Texas. Your chiller system goes out. All 28 units now have no air. And for you to fix that, presuming it I mean it can be fixed and not replaced or whatever it is. If you have to replace a chiller, get ready. I mean, that's a capex problem. You'll be praying to baby Lord Jesus, you don't have uh you want an insurance policy or something on that because it could be a complete death trap for you. That's why we try and avoid chiller systems at all cost. Just FYI. So, I would really look at that. Um really look at that. And I want I want that thing serviced, checked. I want to know I want to have backup parts ready to go. Oh, I want that thing. And I would look at it from a seller's perspective. I mean, if you're buying it, I'd almost want to like how other than replacing it, I want every other part I can on site ready to go. And I want staff who can fix it very, very quickly, right? Because you cannot have a problem with a chiller in the middle of summer on all 28 units and have no air. uh unless you want a major problem and that's uninhabitable and now you got to put everybody in hotels, right? So you once again you'll be praying you didn't buy the thing. Okay. Um yes. So I would definitely when you said leakage uh let me bring you up real quick. Let's talk about this because these are the little things to kind of pay attention to everybody when you're looking at buying these things. So I'm going to bring uh Goop up real quick. Let's chat about it. Are you there? Yes, I'm here. I'm so sorry. Yeah. So, you already toured this asset. Um, yeah. Tell me about kind of your experience. I mean, other when you said leakage, what do you mean by that? Okay. So, before I tell you about this particular issue, I can everybody hear, sorry to interrupt you. Can everybody hear uh Gupta real quick? Just want to make sure that you can hear. Okay, perfect. Okay, go ahead. Perfect. So, actually, you know what? I I have a person who actually a kind of uh inspector actually who does property inspection especially multif family apartment complexes and he happens to be my uh hard mail lender as well. He he helped me on financing and other stuff. So when we visited this property, we did notice some something which you already mentioned especially uh excuse me especially those um uh water system and the sewer system which is not at all uh as per him if he's a buyer he will not not look into this one uh at at this point of time. If you're going to going to buy this apartment complex, you have to do a very good capex especially um you know restructure their uh sewer system in a way that every single apartment or every single unit or at least couple of units can be combined into one sewer system. As of now they have only one which is a risky affair. Plus there are multiple feedbacks about this property. when we did some investigation around uh nearby complexes some some tenants and and some other stuff there is a issue of u clogging and some what do you call especially during heavy heavy rain there is uh a situation where people are facing some uh water coming out from drainage and all the stuff it's little smelly over there meaning it comes up in the sewer system that's correct so they from heavy from heavy rains that's correct it and plus they have seen multiple uh uh county vehicles or or municipal vehicles over there just to clean those uh sewer system properly every before before rain and after rain they they do this activity. Gotcha. Yeah. So um Okay. I mean that's not a huge surprise. I mean it's cast iron piping. You probably have some clay in there a little bit for the main line. So they have one main line. Correct. That's correct. Okay. Which is not uncommon for a property. And it all feeds into it. But yeah, the quality of the lines is definitely something you would um inspect. Yes. Uh for sure. And you can run cameras down them. There's inspectors for that to do all of that. And then they may need to look to maybe be relined in certain cases, right? Especially if you have tree root issues and things going on. But that's very that on a 1956 building, that is not uncommon um given the age. Okay. So you just want to look at that, see what you can do. Um, you know, it's 1956, so you definitely would want to run and check out all the plumbing lines with cameras, fix things where you can get a good plumber out there to look at that. It's worth its weight and gold because you can use that as leverage against the seller, right? So, that's that. And then, but in terms of the chiller system, when you say I mean the leakage, the only way you're getting leakage into the sewer and up the pipes is if you have broken pipes. Yes. meaning meaning the water perks, right? Comes down from rain perks and then because you have some broken pipes somewhere, it's getting in and it's filling back up. It's coming up because the water table for a period of time like gets really soggy from like heavy rains. So that's what's happening, right? Is it gets really heavy and until that water perks down in the ground, it's going to swell up and then if you have some broken pipes somewhere, it's coming up in the pipes. I mean that can make some sense. So that's tough to look at uh for sure. Yeah. Just looking at the drainage on the property. Yeah. And Justin, you know what? Um when I was when when we visited over there, we had uh one of the broker also with us who happens to have all the uh what do you call uh tickets, maintenance tickets, logs of entire maintenance ticket with him. And when we reviewed those, uh, we found so many issues, especially around around this leakage thing, you know. Yeah. Gotcha. Yeah. So, that's something to look at. Once again, it's it's, um, it's not that uh I mean, any property's purchasable. It's just knowing what you're knowing and then you work it into the value proposition. Okay? Because everybody else is going to find the same things out. So to answer a couple questions like George asked, um, yes, you definitely want to talk to some first floor tenants and stuff, potential tenants of the issues. We always do that. Um, yeah, all of that. And then Randy had asked, "When defects are found by you during an inspection um, and disclose to the seller, is the seller required to disclose that information to other prospective buyers?" Uh, yes, they are. Yes. And I should say yes and no. So yes, they are. That's if they are, you know, reputable, but it is still buyer beware. So in your contract, you have a representations and warranties portion of it that where the seller is supposed to representate and warranty to you all this information to be true and accurate to the best of their ability. Hence the reason why those 24 questions that go across to the seller that we give you, which are these right here, they're in the back end of your portal. Okay? So, it's these ones right here. It's right in the back end of your portal. It's right here. If you log into your portal and you go to your download section in your portal, you're going to see all of these. So these 22 questions or 25 questions are very very very very very very very very very important. These go over to the seller before you execute the contract. Their response, this should be going over and we teach about this. You'll see this in your in your lessons. This goes over pretty much before you execute your contract and then you get a response on these. So now you can leverage it and put it in as an addendum to the contract. And it's important that it's added in as an addendum. The responses to these questions. So what's the age of the roof? You can keep going down these things. It talked about plumbing, wiring. Have you ever had floods, mold issues, drainage issues, waterproofing issues? Any current past drainage, water intrusion issues, foundation issues, retaining wall, subterranean wall, waterproofing issues last 5 years. Any mold issues known have mold issues last 5 years. Uh there's a pool, fitness equipment, any structural foundation issues with property building units, any known municipal code taxes, blah blah blah. Asbestos, um can you send any age receivable? Blah blah blah. How many leases? just on and off flood zone. Um I mean on and on and on and on not right very very very important questions uh that you get answers on from the seller and then you're going to utilize these as leverage because if you find out later that they lied on these things well now you have some leverage points. Okay. It's why it's very very very very important. Okay. Basically Cristiana it's just a it's your version of a TDS and SPQ. So in in residential contracts, uh there are disclosure documents, right? Every state's different for your residential contracts, but they would have stuff like this. This is you just have to understand in commercial, it's good old cowboy and good old cowg girls club. And it's different. It's buyer beware. It is the onus is on you to inspect things properly. This is why we give you all of this stuff in advance and we walk you through and we hold your hand in the closing process because this stuff needs to happen, right? That's why this whole checklist is there. This talks about when touring a property. These are the things you look for when you're conducting your inspections. This is the team you need to have, right? Your due diligence, sewer, all the things you're inspecting when you're going through it. the financials, what you should be looking for in the financials. All the questions you should be asking to the seller and these go out prior to you executing the contract. So that way you have a response on these is now as a guideline. So when you go inspect the property and you find out they're full of you know what, now you can call it out right during the time your money is not, you know, it's it's fully refundable. And that way as you're seeing this stuff come up, if you find out they said, "Oh, no." Like there's no water problems, right? There's no leakage. You know, all the pipes are great. We haven't had any, you know, backup problems, right? If they're telling me that, I know they're full of crap. It's a 1956 building. I know you've had pipe problems cuz every property from 1980 or older has pipe problem. That's just part of properties getting old. That's why you inspect them. So, for them to tell me that, I'd know that they're kind of like, e, you're full of it. We need to dig in deeper cuz that means they're probably hiding something. Okay? But that's why you do this inspection due diligence process in the process of closing and we help guide you through it and we give you all the tools to execute it correctly and not get into a money pit. That's why this is here for you. Okay. Uh, couple other questions real quick. Um, that is correct, George. Sprinkler systems, fire alarm systems get you insurance discounts. That is accurate. Obviously, in older properties, they didn't have the same fire codes that they do today in new ones. Um, that's right. So, yeah, you typically see them on newer properties, not so much old ones. Um, yeah. So, all that stuff's nice to have. Nice to have. Uh, biggest expenses are the roofs, the chillers, the plumbing. Yep, that is correct. So that's why when I look at this, I see that, right? And so kind of looking now going back here to this OM. Let's keep perusing through this so you understand it. So I'm looking at the type of systems, HVAC mechanicals. They got two boilers, right? They're two hot water systems for 28 units. Um, they're 100galon. It's not too crazy. You just want to inspect that stuff. make sure they have circulation pumps which pumps that hot water to the units quickly so that way uh you have that stuff. And then you'd also want to check to see if they have a a water softener system as well to see if that water can be softened so it doesn't build up and get hard inside the boilers and break them down. So that's something to look at. Copper wiring they're saying is they're saying the wire is copper. You want to verify this. I've got caught with this. I had a seller lie on this and it was aluminum wiring versus copper. Biggest difference between those two, just so you know, is aluminum by at least fire code purposes is known to heat up more. Heat up more and potentially potentially cause fire issues. So therefore, your insurance companies, if they see that, they could freak out a little bit and they could charge you more money for insurance. Okay? So it's just little things like that. So, you want to double check that. They can pull off a receptacle and a light and your inspector can check it real quick. Very, very easy to check. Plumbing, uh, PVC and cast iron. Okay, so you want to double check that. Electricity is master meter. That's fine. They're doing $50 per unit for rubs. This would be a great complex to um get a little more efficient on your utility reimburseables to get more of that money back from the residents. Gas the owner pays. You could probably split that out as well. Cable and internet, you may want to put in a cable and internet package that could boost income. That's definitely a possibility. Laundry stuff. I understand that. Uh talks about school stuffs, and then then fees and other things they got in here. Uh manager leasing. Gotcha. All that stuff in there. Tax stuff, parking. Okay. So, kind of cruising through here. talking about some water savings you could get by being more efficient, hiring this company to come and do a water savings report for you. That makes sense to do that. I agree on that. Some of the economic drivers, demographic data, comparable rental properties around the area. So, looking into those for your rents, uh, you can see the rents are higher. So, that's good. You just want to double check the stuff. This is where you kick the dirt. This is why you travel out to an area if you're not in it and double check it. Just going through the bedrooms, price per foot, and you can double check all this stuff. Um, and just kind of going into some of the amenities currently. Some stuff that's upgraded, not upgraded, what you could do. Interior units. Yeah, there's definitely some upgrades you can do for sure. But, you know, nice little complex. Um, I want to do something real quick. Let's take a look at this. So, the address is 325 East Phip Street, right? Let me stop this. As we kind of walk through this, I want to show you what I'm looking for here. So, I'm going to take an aerial shot of this thing and I want to see What is this here? Because I saw that. Are you still on here, Gupta? Yeah, I'm here. Dustin. Okay. So, this just looks like a small retail center. Yeah, it's a shopping center. Is there any liquor store or anything over in here or smoke shop or anything funky like that? No, no, no, not there. Okay, nice. This looks like a church. I like that. Is that a church? Yes, that's a church. That's good. Is this basketball court for you or for the church? Looks like for the church. This is shared. I guess they because I have seen residents over there also playing and and we went this here. Is this part of your lot here? If you were to do the property, that's correct. That's a that's a part of uh that property that that's nice. Okay. So, one thing I really like about this, number one, church here and church here. That's cool. Number two, you see, does anybody notice anything from an aerial perspective? I want to see if anybody catches this. If you've been on here before, you'll know what I look for, but does anybody see anything? I see. You're talking about single family houses, especially the You know it because you've been on here before. Lots of residential around. Yes, you are correct. So, Brent picked it up. Roy picked it up. Adrian picked it up. Yes. So, one thing you really like to see from an aerial perspective is that your property is surrounded by single family homes. You know, maybe a couple other apartment complexes. That's totally fine. But you see all this residential and pride of ownership around here. And then it looks like you have a math tech science center here. That's cool. Is that a middle school or is this a pride? Do you know what this is? Yeah, this is a school. Is it? But is it a public school or private? This is public school. Public school. Is it elementary or middle school? Yeah. No, elementary is not the elementary is is in the church in one of the church. Okay. So, is this like a middle school or what is this? Yeah. Uh middle school actually. Okay. I went in that that detail. But that's a school over there. Plus, uh if you talk about liquor store, that is 3 miles from this apartment building. Three, four miles from this apartment building. Gotcha. Yeah. Awesome. So, generally speaking, is this neighborhood decent based on what you're aware of? Yes. Yes. Okay. Nice one. And are and I haven't looked up the schools and the grades of the schools, but are they reasonable? Yeah. Richardson especially, it's not very good in when it comes to school district, but those are decent one. Those are those are good one. I'm going to drop in on the street view. Yeah. So, that's it, right? That's correct. Okay. What else am I looking for? Everybody, what am I counting? [laughter] Brett, you're so quick, my friend. You're so quick. Uh, I'm counting the bars on the windows. Yeah, that's not there. It's not there. That's a good sign. and everybody. So, uh, two two things you look for. Aerial, are you surrounded? What are you surrounded by? You don't want to be around, uh, next to a 7-Eleven, smoke shops, liquor store, anything kind of, you know, funky like that. It draws bad traffic. Uh, number two, you don't want to be surrounded by a bunch of commercial or industrial. You don't want to be stuck in the middle of commercial and industrial zone. You want to be around other single family homes. You can have a couple apartment complexes around you. that's not a problem. But more residential than commercial or industrial. That's key. Number two, you want to drive the streets. And in this case, I can do it on, you know, this, but obviously I want to drive it physically. And I want to count the bars on the windows because if there's more bars than not, that's a problem. Okay. So, there's no bars, no bars. That's good. I know it's probably uh in church and all that other stuff. So, that's great. Um, I like I'm liking what I'm seeing so far. First Baptist Church. That's nice. Yeah, that's cool. And I could pull out of here if I wanted to go. I think I do that. Do I have to go Google Street? Maybe. How do I go more aerial again? There we go. So, if I came back in here though, so that did that. If I wanted to drop down into here, like maybe just into these streets. Yeah. See, I want to see that. Yeah, these are nice streets. Yeah, this is cool. You're in a good little neighborhood. That's good. See like the pride of ownership and stuff. It's just telling me it's not slummy. So, it's going to bring You got lights, you know, on the streets. These are all things you'd see when you drove it, but it's nice to see a little quick little street view and just to see what I'm looking for as well. But nice streets. They're wellgroomed, well-maintained. You know, pride of ownership. You know, you're not in the hood, right? That's just some little things to kind of uh take a peek at on that. So, um really, really, really important. Bars on the windows. Tinted windows. Yes. Rims, spinners. No, I'm just kidding. Um, but you get the point, right? You want to get a good feel for, but it looks like the area is good, neighborhood's good. There's a lot of positives about it. I mean, so that's a that's a huge plus. Um, so it's just a matter of getting comfortable, I would say, based on the physical components of this property, the chiller system, and the plumbing lines. I mean, I would say those are probably my two biggest ones. Just looking at this thing from a maintenance standpoint, so you don't get into a money pit. uh gooped on you guys is the chiller system and the plumbing lines. Would you agree with that? So, I think you're still on here. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, I was on mute. Yeah. So, I would just say generally speaking, um, yeah, I would take a look at the chiller and the the plumbing line systems and and kind of get a feel for, you know, where's, um, because you can see what they've done, right? It makes sense. When I'm looking at this aerial, you can see why they have some of the the the problem they have in the water coming up in the plumbing lines. Because you see they're taking everything underground through French drains. Okay? Everything's in French drain systems. It's coming down. It's going into a French drain, which is good. There's nothing wrong with that. That's actually better. It's removing surface water. The only challenge in that is when it rains sometimes in Texas, it freaking rains. I mean, it's it's, you know, it's an onslaught. So, these things are going to get overfilled very fast and probably get overdone very very fast. But it's better to have them than not. But it just depends on where these things are going. And it may be worthwhile to take a peek as to a lot of this drain line stuff and drainage is how fast is the water getting off the property and is it filling up the water table underneath and then getting in because maybe you have some cracked piping or something going on. Now, um, and yeah, I' I'd want to find out like, is this drainage somehow hooked into the to the plumbing, right? I mean, that would be a question I would be wanting to look at, like, is this drainage line? I mean, you could find that out very quickly by pulling that off and sticking a hose in it and then having a camera inside the the the sewer line when you're doing that and seeing is it is it running right? Is it meaning in in the main line in the main line the main line going out the property? They can have a camera in that sucker while you pump up the water coming out of your um your uh storm drain and see if somehow they've connected the storm drain into the sewer line. You see where I'm going with it, Gupta? Yes, that's correct. Right. Because if they if they've somehow connected the storm drain into the sewer line, first of all, they're not allowed to do that. So, but granted, if this was done many years ago, that's possibly why. But I can guarantee you if that if it's connected into the sewer line and they have stormed drain going to sewer and it and it a lot of rain comes very fast, it's going to overload the system like and it's going to back up. I mean that would make some sense, right? That would make some sense. So that could be what's going on in heavy rain scenarios. Does that make does that that could add up? That could be why you're seeing the problem. That that is absolutely correct. uh Justin and and you know my inspector he was also giving this feedback that not just this particular issue that uh they have done some uh what do you call work around on the current code uh current multif family code for for the sewer system and the pipeline I mean uh plumbing you have to have uh done you have to do thorough inspection when it comes to foundation because peer beam tends to have uh foundation issues it's a known issues You will have cracks and we did notice some cracks. It's not visible in these pictures. When you go back of the building, you will see cracks on the on the on the back side of the wall. Gotcha. Yeah. I mean, you can have I mean, you know, Texas in general is known for its shifting soil. Yes. Because you have a lot more clay inside the soil. So, as water hits it, it tends to swell, right? Swells and that causes movement and adjustments. So whether it's a pure and beam or you have um slab on grade like slab on the grade uh it's the same concept. So it's really a matter of getting water away from the building. That's I mean I don't care what kind of foundation system you have. It's a matter of moving the water away from the building in rain scenarios. So that's what you just have to look at and it's something you can totally do doing your inspections to answer your question. Uh yes. Um Rose, part of your due diligence is the sewer line investigation. So in their in your checklist, there's a plumber that sticks a camera and they go through all of the lines, not just one, all of them. And they're sticking it down all of the laterals coming out of the units into the main line. You want to inspect the laterals. And if there's not a cleanout, right? Let's say that they're like, "Well, we can't get into this line because there's not a clean out to get into it. We have to pull to If they have to pull toilets to get the cameras down there, you get it down there. I mean, that's part of it. And then what it does, what it's going to allow you to do is now uses as leverage against the seller because the seller's going to have to do this whether they like it or not, right? If they want to sell the property and they and they and you're having sewer and backup issues, this is a problem that you're going to have to take on and it's not worth taking it on if you're going to like the goal is to make money, [laughter] not not buy a money pit, right? And so these are just things that it's worth doing in the inspection process. It's not terribly expensive. It's worth it to spend a few extra hundred bucks to throw all the cameras down all the lines and get all the the camera looks and you know like you'll know very quickly where there's backups, where there's issues, where there's tree roots, you know what's going on, what's going to be a costly problem, what's not. And then you take that with the um proposal to repair it. And then that becomes a negotiation item against the seller to either reduce price or ask for a big credit or ask for it to be repaired. One of the three. Okay. One of the three. Um Bruce was mentioning here just FYI fact detail I learned in SFR uh investment days per the neighborhood scout investor analytic site. Gotcha. Without exception, when looking at neighborhood crime statistics of any specific neighborhood, the more churches we saw in close proximity in any property, the much higher the crime stats were. Really, that's a surprise. Uh, you can run crime stats on this area. That's not a problem. You should. You should. Um, while this may not be true with commercial residential, uh, it is with single family. Go figure. Interesting. Yeah, I'd like to look at that. That'd be that's an interesting stat. It's an interesting stat, but um based on this neighborhood, you know, I I would you know, the other thing I'd like to look in relation to that, Bruce, is the is the correlation between the neighborhood and the church, right? Meaning, because I I mean, I don't know that I don't know if the church is the reason or if it's just the church is in a tough neighborhood, so therefore it's the reason, right? I don't know. But yes, you definitely want to do that. Uh, would you do a scope for each of the 26 units? No. What's going to happen, Rory, is there's going to be a few laterals coming out of the building. So, you'll have, you know, every every unit's going to have its own, right? And those are going to be on little 2-in lines that then come to a 3-in line that then come to a main 4-in line. That 4 in is your lateral. That 4 in is your lateral. And you'll probably have on a 26 unit, you're probably looking at four units having a lateral. So, I mean maybe six or seven laterals that they would inspect and then you would inspect the main line. Something like that. It'd be something like that. Um, yes, that's true, Christine. It's very true. Let me give you a fun little story. is we were buying a property years ago. Um, you know, we did all of our research and crime statistics, all that other stuff, but clearly we missed something because the insurance company literally 7 days before the close of escrow was finalizing their insurance policy and apparently they went online and found a story from like six years earlier, right? six years. How a boyfriend shot his girlfriend in the head in the front of one of our units that we were about to buy. [laughter] So, lo and behold, now the insurance policy goes up. Even though this was six freaking years ago, right? It's not today. It was I mean, but it's not the point. The point is, you know, and and we did our research to the best of our ability. I don't know if we went back six years, but I know we went back a few. Uh, but it is what it is, right? Um, so Bruce, for you know, it ranges. So like on a 26 unit, you know, your inspections, by the way, the property pays for this stuff. And, you know, when you get to a certain point, you'll be reimbursed as well, but you don't have to come out of pocket with all of it. So, don't worry about that. But this all goes into part of your 10% that you're coming in with, right? You'll have a little bit for the EMD, some for your inspections, but that's all part of your money that's coming in. And then it gets reimbursed by the deal itself. Okay? So, it's not any additional out-of pocket cost. It's all part of the initial cost of which is your money, your 10% of the total capital you're coming in with. It's all part of that initial money. So, yeah, you're looking at probably a 26 unit, you're probably looking at 5K, somewhere between 3 to 5K for your inspections. on all the stuff, okay? Just to plan for that. But that's once again, that's part of your initial capital, your 10%. You're not coming up with more. It's part of it. Okay? Um, so that would what you kind of look for on anything in the stuff you guys are going to buy somewhere in that kind of $3 to $8,000 range. Somewhere in there on your first few units, $3 to $8,000 for your inspections. All of which is part of your initial capital. Because let's say for example, you bought a uh $1.5 million deal that was a 15 unit hypothetically. Okay? And 7 on the loan.3 on the equity. Get that times that. So $450,000 in equity of which you're bringing in 45,000 of your own. That's the 10% 450,000 you're 10% of that 45 grand. Okay. Equals let's do 01 times. So you have 15,000 going for the EMD just to kind of show you how this game's going to work. So 1% for the earnest money. That's 15K. That's part of your 45. Then you got probably another, let's just call it $5,000 for your inspection. Now you're at 20K. Then you have another $8,000 for your legal documents. So now you're at 28K. Then let's just throw in some other shits and giggles uh of another 10,000 bucks. Okay? So now you're at 38K. That's still part it's still within your 10% of 45. You see where I'm going with it? It's part of your money in the deal. It's not more, not less. It's all part of your 45, your 10%. But this is paying for this pre-stuffed cost. You're going to get reimbursed for it, right, once the deal is closing. But yes, this is all part of your initial 10%. Does that make sense? You're not coming out more. It's all part of the 10% and then you will get reimbursed because the closing cost of your deal is going to reimburse you for things such as um this and I'll share the deal analyzer and I'll pull the stuff up. We'll finish on this. We'll finish for the next 10 minutes on this. So, this is the deal analyzer for the deal. So, I presume for a minute, let's just say here, this is a $2.2 million deal, right? At least that's what they're asking. So, you're looking at $675,000 in equity, of which this is going to be 0.1 times that. So, $67,000 is your piece of the puzzle. Now, you're looking at an earnest money of 22,000. Then you're looking at all your other inspection stuff. So by the time you get done and you're looking at 45K, that's still less than your 10%. See where I'm going with it? So that's all part of that. Then you get reimbursed back. You get reimbursed back because your closing cost on this deal is $135,000 based on this, right? 6%. It's 135 grand. So some of that's going to include this. Okay. It's also going to include point uh your acquisition fee of 03. Let's say you were doing a 3% acquisition fee. Right? That times that that'd be 67 grand, you know, plus all this stuff here. Uh that there plus that. So you're still at 90. Then you got some lender fees and stuff coming in there. You all that stuff in there, right? So, I want you to pay attention to this because you're going to get an acquisition fee of either 2 to 3%. So, $67,000, you're only coming in with $67,000. So, technically, you could walk away with nothing out of pocket technically. Or at the worst, you'd have this at 2% 45 grand. So, then really, you're out of pocket, $22,000 bucks, and you have control of a 28 unit $2.2 million asset. in Dallas, Texas for 22 grand. You're welcome. Um, and that's how it works. Um, but let's walk through this uh deal analyzer real quick. Uh, there's reimbursements in addition to the acquisition fee. Yes, they are. So, Bruce, those are all part of as I'm kind of showing you now, right? That's all broken down into here. All broken down into here. Um, so let's walk through the deal analyzer. It's a two point. And I'll show you kind of the things that kind of came up in my mind real quick gooped up before we finish up here. So, uh, 30% down, $2.2 million deal, 28 units. You're planning, uh, it's 20. You're going to want probably 300 grand in here. Okay. At least 10,000 a unit for something like this realistically. So, that probably wants to change. 6%'s good here. I don't know. You may be able to get a better interest rate on this. I don't know. But, we'll keep it there for now. Two things that I did here, just so you know, as I went in, I think these taxes are pretty accurate. Uh, you'll want to do this closer on the um the new price point. Another fun little thing you could do is come in here like I've shown you guys in the past. And you can um I think it was here. Where did I put it in there? I think it was. Let me share this and go to chat real quick. I thought this was fun because I came in here for property taxes and I wrote it. What I did is I came in, I said, "Hey, what would the property taxes be for this property presuming a $2.5 million price, 90% of which is assessed value, and it gave me a whole scenario, broke the whole thing down, formulas and everything. And it gave me, hey, it's about 50 grand, which is not too far off, presuming a tax rate. It's It's pulling up the tax rate at uh 2. What did it give it to me at? 2 point Where did it have it at? Why am I missing it? It broke it down for me. 2.18. Oh, 2.18 on the tax rate, right? It broke it all down. Gave me the total tax rate here. Now, the brokers, because you can look at this, and then you come to what the brokers gave you, and the brokers gave you 2.4. 49. So you want to use theirs. Theirs is going to be more accurate. It's going to be more accurate. Um, so Rose, have I ever been in a situation where you paid all the upfront costs and the deal didn't go through? Yes. Yes. So that can happen. Now the earnest money comes back. So you're not out of pocket the earnest money, but could you potentially be out of pocket $5 to $8,000 in inspections? Yeah. Keep in mind your legal documents, your legal documents can be used on a future deal. So that's not really sunk cost. You're just now going to now pivot them into a new deal. So that's not a sunk cost thing. But your inspections, yeah. Have I ever spent $3 to $8,000 on a deal not go through? Yes, I have. Uh that's unfortunately it can happen. I mean, there's no completely way out of that. Yeah. Um but yeah, let's go ahead and bust through this real quick. on these numbers. You can see what I'm looking at here. So, coming through here, I did notice your maintenance and repairs are way low. So, this should be closer to um that's based off that number. Uh it should be higher because it should be based off of realistically it should be based off of this. So 650 better in alignment. Uh this one here, same thing. You're going to want this based off of that, but that's still low. You're going to probably want this closer to 5K. And put those together. That's 8. That's That's in line. That's in line. That's fair. These numbers here, utilities. Why is this so low, Gupta? Why is this so low with regards to that? Seems really low for the building. So, I highlighted that. You want to look at that because there's no way on planet Earth you're operating at 32%. You're probably more in line with this. This is more in alignment. And this is going to be closer to because I don't know, do they have a they don't have payroll? That's going to be closer to 8%. On an older building, I'd probably put 300 for your reserves. And you really need to look at this number. These numbers look like they're in alignment for your taxes and insurance. That's good for Texas especially. So, that's all good. This number needs to be closer to 50%. I can guarantee with a 1956 build, you're nowhere near um 50% on your expense ratio all day long. You know, down here they had the vacancy and credit loss. There's no way that it's going to operate like that. This needs to be somewhere I I'll give them 12%. I mean, I'll even give you There's just no way. Um, they're operating way under market. The minute you start to raise the rents and do all the stuff you're talking about, you're going to have a higher vacancy and a loss to lease and you may run into concessions and delinquency issues. But I I'd love to see their delinquency report. Just curious. But I would be running it at a minimum in Texas. anything of this age and quality, anything in the Midwest, anything that you guys are looking at, minimum 10%. The only way this gets under 10% is if you're in coastal markets that are really, really, really tight, like Southern California, other markets, uh, that are really tight supply-wise, you may run it at 5 to 7. But in anywhere outside of that, minimum 10%. Minimum. And it should be somewhere between 10 to 20. 10 to 20. So, just to pay attention to those. So, I'm running it I'm going to run it at 10%. Just because there's just no way they're doing that. Um, so, and this I don't Yeah, this is weird. I don't know. That doesn't make any sense. That number should be at least um I mean, at least that. And I'd want to look into these numbers. Um, yeah, I'd want to look into these numbers more. Uh, general and admin seems really low. I'd probably run that at like 2500 bucks. Um, you know, marketing probably not too far off on that. Maybe a,000 bucks for marketing just to be safe or $100 a month, something like that. You need to be on some of the portals correctly. So, you need to plan for that. This number needs to come up. Something's up there. Um, but yeah, this number at the end of the day, I'd back into at least a 50%. at least a 50%. Um 2.2 because yeah, that that number is out of alignment. There's just no way. So I'd probably Let's do this at 50,000. So we're getting there. We'll just back into this number 60,000. Let's do 65,000. I'm backing into this guy here to get to 50%. Um then I'm looking at these here. I mean, yeah. Look, it's an interesting It's an interesting deal because of where you could move rents, right? It's an interesting deal based on where you can move rents. I'd want to see what this looks like at 15%. Still works. Um, yeah, I'm curious, you know, that price point. um 30% down interest rates. I'd like to see if you can get a better interest rate. That'd be killer if you could. Uh they may require 35% down. I don't know. And if it's stabilized property, the good news is if it's a stabilized property over 90%, you could get agency debt on this thing, which you'd probably want to do, and then bring in all this renov renovation dollars through equity and raise it through the equity, which I think this is doing for you anyways. This is taking that, that, and that. Yeah. So that's already raising it through the equity. So that's good. And then your loan amount here, and you're taking it down. So that's great. The steel can work. The steel can work. I would just really look at the chiller system and the piping and the plumbing. Those are probably the two biggest things. And really double triple check those rents on what you can get. And then run that building at a 50 to 55% expense ratio. And if that thing still pencils and is producing a return down here like we all talk about, right? You know, this number needs to be north of, you know, six to 10 percent, which it is. Average cash on cash, all that's there. Equity multiple is good. Your IRR is great. All that's there. It's all there. Um, and I got like two minutes, so I think you you can still talk, Gupta. I think it allows you to do that. It's still allowing you. Yeah. Just just change the performer end to into what? performer rents monthly rents to 1250 here. Yep. That's going to change your ball game. Yeah. The party Yeah. Party's over. That doesn't work. So, um Yeah. The reason why I said this one that is because based on uh comp rate and the market analysis from me and my team. Y this is the best rate you can get uh in next one or two years. But if section 8, if you are signing section 8 on tenants over here, you might get around 1,600 plus. Gotcha. Yeah. So, let's uh back into that and see. So, I what I want to find out is I want to really look at those utility bills. I want to I want you to look at these because this is interesting. I want to I want to look at the utility bills, all of them, the gas, water, sewer, um electric. I want to look at those utility bills. I want to see what they are for the last 24 months. and and you want to isolate this number because that's a big number. Um, these numbers are probably in alignment. These numbers are in alignment. This number you need to fine-tune. These numbers look good. These numbers look good. So, it's really just your utilities numbers you need to look at closely. And let's see if this thing can get right around 50 to 55%. Right around that number. Okay. So, all things being equal, right? If everything else that here is accurate. Okay. Obviously, this deal it's tough, right? It's tough. But what we probably then want to do is back into it and see if we can pick this thing up for 2 million bucks, right? And back into it this way cuz then that thing really starts to pop, right? Because you're going to need to build in some buffer on this older building, right? Because it's not getting any younger. The building's not getting any younger. So, you have to plan for that because if you're going to sell this thing and deal with capex and all this other stuff down the road, you got to plan ahead because you're buying an older building. Um, sales cap, what they're using for here is probably a six, which is not too bad. You know, it down the road that's not a bad one. You know, obviously even if you change this to a 6.5, which I think is you're still at a 20% IRRa, right? You're still at a 20% IRRa, which is good. But I think you you're you're fair to estimate a six cap down the road. Yeah. So that's just stuff to look at. But awesome everybody. Yeah, I know we have to jump off right now, but you know, this is something to look at. We'll send this back to you uh Gupta, but just to kind of run through it and tweak some numbers. You know, I'd try and pop [snorts] it right around that if you could really look at your utility numbers here. uh make sure these are adjusted and that that number at the end of the day should be right there around 50 55% for this older building. Okay? And then these numbers here I'd run them I mean maybe you run it at 10% but it's going to be 10 to 15% for your vacancy and credit loss because it's not just vacancy it's credit loss things against income okay but at least 10%. At least 10%. So awesome everybody. Yeah, you can do acquisition fee 2 to 3%. That's not a problem. Uh that has not that that won't really result too much in um the the deal metrics. So cool everybody. I know we got to jump off. We'll get this recorded up for you and then we'll get this over to you uh Gupt as well. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Expense ratio ballpark depending on the age of the buildings. George, uh, last question on that. So, all the stuff you guys are looking at it, age of buildings, anything anything uh, older older than 1980, so 1980 or older, you're going to be somewhere between 45 to 55%. 45 to 55%. Unless Unless you're in one of two states, Nevada or Arizona. Nevada or Arizona because the property taxes and insurance are much lower in those two states, Nevada and Arizona. Then you could probably get into the 30s, okay? But then prices are higher. So, I mean, it's all it's, you know, Peter to pay Paul, right? So, it's just stuff to plan for. So, okay. All right, everybody. Thank you.