Hello. Hello. Come on in as we get started here. Chime on in in the chat as you're coming in. Good to see Thomas, Twyla, Dawn, Gideon. Good to see you all coming on in. Beautiful. See, we got Jacob in here. Beautiful. Coming on in. Let me share a couple things and then we'll talk about a couple of kind of housekeeping items and stuff like that as well. Um, but first, let me show you guys this. So, for all those that uh still would like to come to our networking event uh that's happening in November uh November 6th through the 8th. November 6th through the 8th in Las Vegas, Nevada. That's also our 3-day workshop uh event as well. But the live kind of uh in-person workshop that's, you know, for you is uh at the assembly. So, it's located it's a place called the Kilm the Assembly in Las Vegas uh just off the strip, not too far. Um and we have there's a hotel called the Durango which is right next door. It's really cool. um that that's where we'll have you can stay there or you can stay on the strip. Either way, I mean, it's only literally 15 minutes off the strip. So, either way works for you. Um pull that up so you can kind of see the hotel there. They're actually running some specials right now um on the hotel side. So, if you have interest at the Durango, uh that's going on right now, too. So, that'll be it's almost literally right next door. So, um, any questions on that? We'll kind of let me pull that up real quick into the chat. People are coming in. Uh, what's the address looking hotels and the VIP included blah blah blah. Uh, yes. So, you have the um because you are a mentee, right? You're all included with it. It's all part of your tickets and everything. You're not paying for squat. So, yes, to answer your question, um if you'll be getting an email, so just and I think a um a text just went out, I think, to everybody, but I'll follow up with it here and put it in. There's the link and it's mentor is your code. Mentor is your code. Um and yes, there are networking events. Yep. Thursday and Friday night. And then we'll probably have more of kind of like a welcome event celebration networking thing on Saturday as well, unless you're flying out or whatever you're doing on Saturday evening. Most people probably won't fly out till Sunday morning. Uh because it the the event on Saturday that ends on Saturday will go till probably about 4ish. Yeah. 3:30, 4ish. Um so if you want to stick around for the evening flyyou Sunday morning, that would be ideal. uh but Thursday, Friday, and Saturday the in-person like workshop and you'll see it when you get the email. So, when you check out there, uh we'll be setting up to you'll be getting an email coming out to you uh and that'll give you all the details, right? All the details and the timelines and all that stuff. Okay. Um so, you'll have that link there and then in the coupon section, put in mentor mentor and that'll take off the inperson. So, you want a checkbox just so you know. I'll just kind of show you how this works just so you know. And then I'll share. So, you'll see it. One second. I'll share my screen. So, when you click on that, it's going to load to this. Just go ahead and click on this. And then you're going to choose the three days. So, uncheck that. You're going to choose the 3-day in person. And then you're going to come here and type in mentor. Okay. And that's going to take off the cost there for you. Okay. And then you can just check out. You I think it requires your card in there, but just check out and then you're not paying for anything. It's all included. And then you'll be tagged in our system. We'll know because you're already part of the community. Um and then just bring your ID and name and everything. You'll be ready to go. Um it is a a BOGO as you call it, a buy one get one. Uh, so if you want to bring a guest, bring a guest. Okay? Uh, if you want to bring a guest, bring a guest. Um, and you'll check out right there. And then, yeah, we'll be sending you out all the stuff um for all the details and everything there. Okay. For all of that stuff. Um, yep. I think I answered that question for you, Joe. It's a BOGO. Buy one get one. So, uh, yes, we encourage that. if you want to bring your spouse be great. Just let us know. Um, you know, the venue is limited, but we have enough set up there. We should be fine. Um, but yeah, just so when you'll see the email and stuff when it comes out, you'll just reply um with all of your guys' names, including your spouse or your guest, and we'll make sure we get them on our list and they're ready to go. Um, so yes, that can work. Uh, networking events, that's all there. Yes, it is. Dates, please. November 6th through the 8th. Uh all of that is on that link there that you can and it should be great. Super excited about it. It should be a lot of fun. Um and just regarding so the Durango Hotel is literally across the street almost from this kind of what's called the kiln and then the assembly is in the kiln. So this kind of like an area there. Um but you'll see the Durango Hotel Casino Resort which is a super nice one, brand new. that's probably 10 15 minutes off the strip uh towards Summerland. If you have ideas of Vegas, it's towards Summerland uh in Las Vegas. So, uh very nice little setup. Should be a lot of fun. And then, yeah, we'll be setting up networking and stuff after the events each day. And like I said, the the live workshop portion is going to be on Friday and Saturday. If you're coming in, you'll want to come in on the 6th or the 5th if you choose. night of the 5th up to you or the morning of the 6th. Um and we will have networking on the 6th in the evening which is also it's a virtual day right so our workshop is virtually um and then Friday and Saturday is the live in person live in person but there's networking all the days. So, okay, I think that answers that question. And then you'll see links uh that'll come out to you for everybody that's in the middle of a deal uh or um has had a deal already. Um the links will be available to all of you, but uh but if you've had a deal, and you know this, if you've had a deal, if you're in the middle of a deal, uh we have a Saturday call that we're starting every Saturday morning at 7:00 a.m. Pacific time. 7:00 a.m. Pacific time for everybody that's in the middle of a deal uh or has had one because you're going to have different questions than you would if you're in the process of finding, analyzing, raising capital, right? Finding, analyzing, raising capital. So, um, mentor code is not working for that. Yeah, you don't need to worry about that, Twilight. You are essentially VIP already, so don't worry about that. Yeah, you're already VIP because you're a you're a a mentee. So, yeah, you don't need to even check that. Um, you'll be granted into that no matter what. So, great question. Um, is there any other questions in there? I think that does it for now, but that'll at least get you situated in there if you're coming. So, at least we'll know and we'll fine-tune things, but you will get uh emails coming out to you uh once you sign up. Okay? And then we'll get you all the details since you're in person. yourself. Uh, beautiful. Any other questions about that before we kind of get started. So, two things that we're going to talk about today and obviously we can open it up to more, but two things and I'll be right back because I'm going to grab what I want to share with you because I think this is really important and I keep going back to this mindset game, right? But I want to share with you some things that I do and what I've done and this has been longstanding and I'll kind of share with you how it works. Okay? And I'll I'll I'll share with you some vulnerability because I'm not going to give you all the details of what's in my my prayer vision letter, my daily vision letter. That's a prayer. Um, but I will give you at least what I know to be the secret around making a lot of this stuff in terms of dreams and things you're having around multif family and anything else for that matter actually come to fruition. Um, because there's a lot of noise out there about this stuff and how you actually do it. But I just want to share with you what's worked for me and what I know works um, for a lot of other people. So, I'll be right back. One second. Okay, here we go. We are back. Um, okay. So, and I'm curious about this because you guys are all high performers in terms of what you want for life. That's why you're here. That's why you join. That's what you're trying to accomplish. like, you know, this generational wealth, the financial freedom, the time, you know, having this this um this asset that you're trying to build into your family's portfolio and wealth and all that stuff. Obviously, it's typically for a bigger picture. It's I mean, the the multif family is a tool to get there, right? It's a tool to get there, but you have bigger dreams and passions far outside of this, right? That are that are there for you. And we've talked about manifestation, mindset, you know, the seven mountains that inspire people and move nations, like all that stuff that I kind of get into, but I think it's really really important to literally understand the steps that I go through every single day to keep this thing in check. Um, and I don't know if you do this, but I'm very very curious, but I'm going to share some stuff personally that I do, and I want to see if maybe any of you do this. And if you don't, maybe you want to implement this. So, um, so I have a journal. This is I call it my black book. Okay, my black book. And you know they always say that if you're going to speak things into existence, you have to have them written down and then you have to read them, right? Uh and that is true. That is true in a sense. Um, but it's very difficult to actually believe that the things are in place if you don't actually physically see it in in or around it, right? Because they keep saying if you want to manifest things, you have to speak it as though it's already happened or speak it into existence and say it and kind of trick your brain. Understand that your brain does not know the difference between fiction and non-fiction, right? It doesn't know the difference between a truth and a lie. It just knows what you tell it, right? It knows what you tell it and it will revert to what you tell it. So this is why language and patterns and thoughts are so critical. So what I do and this is read two times a day. It's read in the morning out loud. out loud, critical, out loud and in the evening out loud to yourself. I don't care if you go stand in a closet, go read this to yourself, but something out loud. Okay? So, this is my daily vision prayer. Okay? My daily vision prayer, and it's to God. And I won't read it all. I will read parts of it just to give you some context. But understand, there's like four or five pieces to it that are critically important. Number one, you need to speak the exact amount of money that you would like to make per month. Okay, per month. And then you need to speak um and give it a date by such date. Okay, by such date or in the present tense as though it's actually already happening or happened. Okay, one of the two. Uh number three, what are you going to do to to get it right? What forms is it going to come in? your current job, multifamily, other forms, you know, how is you how are you actually going to make it, right? What categories are going to help you get there? And then the biggest part is how are you going once you have it, how are you going to pay it forward? What are you going to do with it? How are you going to give back? Right? because that aligns your inner core value systems beyond just making money to make money. You're making money so therefore you can give back and help others. Maybe it's your family, maybe it's charities, philanthropies, church, whatever it may be. Okay? And you have to read it to yourself in the present tense as though it's already happened. And keep in mind, your brain does not understand the difference between a lie and a truth. It just knows what you tell it. It doesn't know fiction or non-fiction. It knows what you tell it. So this is why these frequencies do work. Okay. Um Michelle, yes, this the live in-person sessions will be Friday and Saturday. The virtual the one virtual day is on Thursday. That's the 6th. Okay. Uh if you wanted to come in town on the 6th, right, which is a Thursday, uh that's totally fine. And then um you know because if the networking is really the big reason you're coming right obviously the live inerson workshop of course but the networking in the workshop then that'll be Friday Saturday uh the inperson I'm so the the virtual is on Thursday so you could fly in in the morning on Thursday don't need to be part of the virtual per se and then we'll have the networking and stuff Thursday Friday and Saturday. So um the link does not have a place. Yeah, you don't need to worry about that. It's an automatic BOGO. When you get the um the confirmations and stuff, you're going to let us know if you have somebody coming and we'll add their name. Yeah. Uh it will ask for a credit card. You just put it in. It's not going to charge you anything. It just requires that on the checkout. Yeah. Correct. Okay. Here we go. So, this is your daily vision prayer. Um, and I'll I'm going to pick and choose exactly what I share a little bit because there's some very personal stuff on here. Um, dear God, thank you. I am overflowing with gratitude for the abundance and prosperity you have already placed in my life. It feels incredible to be making $150,000 or more per month right now. I feel safe, secure, and worthy knowing that this provision is flowing constantly. Uh, I am receiving income through multiple paths. as you have opened for me, God, by raising capital into our fund, earning fees, and building long-term equity through passive income and consistent cash flow from our multifamily properties. By helping others, meaning you, get into multifamily deals and growing lasting wealth for their families, um, by building a vibrant community of well-trained investors across the United States, doing deals together, and creating financial freedom. Um, this wealth is providing more than enough cover of our expenses, leaving $50,000 a month in a gap uh beyond our expenses. Um, that peace of mind or that surplus gives me peace of mind, joy, and freedom. It allows me to provide the family with confidence um with the confidence as a man that you've called me to be. I feel incredible gratitude knowing we live in a beautiful home, both in San Diego and we have one in Las Vegas. and you've guided us to uh prosperity throughout. Um I have to pick and choose. I love it. Uh thank you for allowing me to give back abundantly to our church, to the Tunnels of Towers organization, the Seal Future Foundation, and to children across the USA in need. Um thank you for allowing us to sponsor or fund our mentees deals so they can experience financial freedom as well. um by allowing us to get on stage, podcasts, write books, and sharing our mindset and money wisdom to help transform lives. Um I am grateful that you've helped connect me with the right people who trust me, invest in me. You've helped ra you uh you've helped me raise over $25 million into our fund this year, producing $750,000 per year in income from fees and other things as well. Thank you for guiding me as we build our multif family empire to 10,000 units and a billion dollars in assets, generating $5 million in annual revenue, not just for my family, but the legacy, but to empower thousands of others to build the wealth and get back to um Thank you for making me more empathetic, hopefully wise and emotionally disciplined. Thank you for teaching me to speak with people, not at them. Thank you for aligning my purpose with your will so that I can serve and help others. You multiply prosperity in my life. Um I feel incredible peace, joy, confidence, and love living in this reality you have created for me. And I thank you for continuing to make this vision manifest now as I speak. This is happening. I feel it. Amen. So, um I don't know is this stuff you would do, but I read this every single day in the morning and in the evening twice a day out loud to myself in the present tense as though it's happening in reality in the moment. Not not as though I don't have it. I read it as though I have it and it's here and it's now, right? Even if it's not fully now, it doesn't matter. My brain doesn't know the difference. I'm literally creating frequencies from it. Does that make sense? And I don't know if you're into some of this fufu stuff, but it's not fufu. Like, we know this to be true. It's just whether or not you employ it yourself. And the reason I bring this up, okay, the reason I bring this up is because here we are in September, right? Four months to go in this year, okay? And if you start this now and you give yourself a letter every day that you write and you read, right? The same same one. I literally read the same exact one every single day, twice a day, morning and evening, morning and evening. Watch what happens. And if part of that letter is in the present tense, thank you God for helping me lock up a 20 unit apartment building this year in 2025. Thank you for Right. Put it in the present tense. You've literally done it. It's happened. Put it in the present tense. It's already happened. Thank you, God. Or thank you. Not if you're not faithful or you know, you're not religious, doesn't really matter. It doesn't matter, right? Speak it into the actual presence as though it has happened and you're thanking it for happening. Um, and watch what happens. Okay? Of course, you have to take action. But what's going to happen, okay, as that is read and you continue it, the frequencies are going to emerge and then you need to pay attention. Okay? Now, you need to do work, right? It doesn't just float down from the sky, right? I mean, what's going to happen is the universe is going to start to align opportunities for you. So then all of a sudden, maybe a couple more brokers call you back or a couple more deals come across your email or another opportunity that you talk to to talk to somebody, they want to invest alongside you and they have more capital. You see where I'm going with it? Opportunities will start to emerge and the universe will begin to align itself. And then of course, you need to take action, period. But just watch what happens to the actual cracks that open up and then you got to go through them and just watch what happens. It's kind of scary. You know, it's kind of scary because I can tell you that about 80% of the stuff that's on that letter is actually happened. Has actually happened. Um, and it's crazy. And every single year I write a new one and I'll keep reading it and I'll keep reading it morning and evening, morning and evening. And it's pretty crazy. I'm just telling you, I am a living proof that it it does work. Um, but once again, you have to understand your brain does not know a truth and a lie. It does not know fiction from non-fiction. It knows exactly what you tell it, right? That's the difference between the back of the brain and your frontal cortex. Your frontal cortex does not know. It knows what you tell it. Your back is the reasoning, right? They call it the uh amygdala. I think it's the amigdula. You can look it up. Swear to God. The amygdala is kind of like your protection mechanism in the base of your spine up to your brain. And that's what's designed by nature. It's kind of like your it's almost like your protection mechanism that when you it tries to to sabotage this because your frontal brain is like saying has the dreams and the passions. It wants to it has no fear. Like that's what kids have like this. When kids, think about kids for a minute. You tell them no, they're like like no right the second or this like no two seconds from now, but no, it's like you get the point, right? They don't understand the word no because their frontal cortex is like no and in the base one is not doing anything for them yet. They just don't know the difference. Their brains are just like no, no, yes. Like yes, we're going to do it. So they're they're life has not happened to them yet to where it's actually shut that down. So you're just trying to reignite that. And the frontal part of the brain is that dream. It's that passion. It's that stuff that wants to go after it. And then it's usually your amigdula at the base of your right at the top of your spine coming into your brain. That's what's the safety mechanism that tells you I don't know. I don't I don't think you can do that. Better be safe. I don't know if you should do that. You know, I'll do it tomorrow. I I'll wait off to make that call. That's what happens. And then we don't take the action. And so you got to let this overtake it and something like this will allow you to do that if that makes sense. Uh I have not read Deepo Chopra. Um although I'm sure it's amazing. Um it's a covenant. That's very very true. Um it's just we should take action when our mind asks us to. That's right, Goofron. Yeah. And like I said, you you can read this like there's there's two sides to this because what'll happen when you start actually reading something like this to yourself in the present tense as though it has happened once again your brain does not know the difference. So it will start to believe right naturally even if even if this thing's trying to tell it to shut down your frontal cortex will start the frequencies. Then, as you said, Goofron, you need to pay attention because the universe will start to align opportunities literally into your physical life. It will. But if you don't take the action when that happens, then you're sitting there going, it's just not, you know, just not happening because you're literally missing it. It's like it's cracking. It's like literally there. I think I've given the example. I mean I I mean I can't tell you how many times this year it's already happened but you have to pay attention like it's almost like you have this this call it the God moment but there's no there are no uh mistakes right the universe is unfolding exactly as it should for you exactly as it should for you. Now if you want to change that well you have to change your your brain patterns your thought processes and this is what helps you do that. It absolutely works. But you have you have to realize and just understand there's some biological things that your brain literally does not know the difference between fiction and non-fiction or truth and or a lie. It knows what you tell it. And so if you can implant that, that's how you get around that and start to reprogram. And then the frequencies go, then all of a sudden stuff starts showing up and opportunity walks into your life and you're like, "Wow, that's odd. Can't believe that just happened. Like I I was just thinking about that. No No That's right. So that's what happens. Um pathways, neural pathways. Yeah. Rewiring negative self-doubt thoughts. Um question for all of you. If you get because this happens to everybody. If you wake up in the morning or if any point throughout your day you begin to have negative thought processes. I'm curious, what do each of you do to shift that? I'll give you some thoughts as to what I do, but I'm curious what each of you may do to try and get yourself out of that negative rut, right? To start changing the brain. What do you do? I'm curious. I'm curious. What do you do? Been studying this on YouTube. Just starting. Okay, cool. Uh, do you take a cold plunge, Gideon? That I mean that will work. That will that'll shock and awe, baby. That that will work. Um, cold plunge. Okay. Anything else? Maybe a little more practical if you don't want to, you know, plunge it out, Gideon. Anything else that uh you any of you do to switch the brain patterns? If you get into a negative thought process and you can't get out of it and you're trying to think positive, right? You're trying to think positive thoughts. You realize it's happening and you're trying to change the trajectory. Okay. But I'm curious if because some people you get into like a spiral, right? It's tough to start thinking more positive if you just have a lot of negative thoughts in your brain. Um listen to comedy. That'll work. Uh write them down. Okay. Pray on it. Beautiful. Think of things uh that you're grateful for. Absolutely, David. Absolutely. Did you know that it is almost I don't know if it's completely impossible almost impossible for you to actually be saying things you're grateful for and also have negative thoughts at the same time. Did you know that? So yeah, these are all incredible by the way. Sunshine de uh yep, vitamin D. There you go. So all of the great things, by the way, exercise, all that stuff. So yes, so you touched on two of the three that I do. So, if I ever get into a negative thought process that I'm trying to change into positive mindset, there's three things that I do and and if one doesn't work, the next one will. So, number one is three things you're grateful for. So, if you're ever in a you know, you're just having a bad freaking day, right? And bad energy and bad this and bad that, stop for a moment, take a breath, and say three things you're grateful for. I don't care if it's the same three things you were grateful for yesterday or three minutes ago. Say three things you're grateful for. If that doesn't start to change the energy, next thing you do is go outside. I don't care if it's 20° and there's no actual physical sunshine. You go outside bare feet, stare up to where the sun would be, let it hit your face on barefoot on soil. You're going to ground your body and the energy would should start to shift. Okay? Obviously, I don't mean 20 degrees, but you get the point, right? But you want bare feet because you need to ground the body, right? From a electromagnetic, you need to ground the body and allow the vitamin D to hit your face. And that will start to shift. And then take five deep breaths and watch what happens. Okay, that's the physical side. Last thing you can do, and I do it, and I don't know if you guys have this, and this is guaranteed. If those first two don't work, this one 100% works 100% every single time. So I have a positivity playlist on my Spotify. Okay, it has about six songs. It is literally impossible for me to listen to any of those six songs and not rechange the frequency and begin positive thought. Impossible. So when I say pick six songs or three songs or whatever it is they are these song and it doesn't matter you immediately for you personally will change your energy. Okay. Um my playlist is probably unique to you. I don't know if you'll like it but it's my positive playlist. It's going to be unique to you because everybody's going to have different songs that absolutely without a shadow of a doubt and you know what they are. the minute you hear them, like you just feel better, okay? Because music does that as you all know with emotion, okay? That's not new. But you got to have that saved in your playlist for you. Guaranteed will work if the other two don't. And hands down, you'll start to shift the thought. Okay. Um what did you say? I will write a check for 3,000 or 5,000 and mail it to you. My deadline to buy a first rental will be December 31st. If I can't meet the deadline, keep the check. Woo! You're doing what my broker did to me, Goofron. I don't know if any of you know this, but when I was in real estate sales and I got into it, okay, I'll just share with you the story. I had about three months of reserves in my bank account. Uh they typically say you need six, especially if you're going to do sales, which is 100% commissioned. and I was jumping out into the sales world, leaving the W2, you know, 9 to5 income that was very consistent and I was going for it and I scared to death. Scared to death. I'm like, "Oh my god, what am I doing?" Um, so I went down and sat down with the broker that was my mentor at the time and I told him what I what had to happen. I said, "This has to happen." And it's got to h I had six months left in the year by the It was like mid year and I had six months to pull it off and I said I I need six figures by the end of the year so that way I can pay this, do this, have this happen. It's got to happen otherwise I got to go back to the nineto-ive job. He says okay so you need to hit these goals, do this, do this. He's like really like this has to happen. I said yeah it has to happen. I like we got to make it happen. He says okay pull out your checkbook. And I'm like okay. He's like, "Write me a $10,000 check and I want you to postate it to December 31st of this year and I'm going to hold on to this and if you don't hit your goals, I'm cashing it." Yeah, that that's I mean if you want to I mean some people work with fear well that's what that works for me like that fear and that pain every day I was not going to be denied. So that literally now you could call that unhealthy fine but it worked because I made $150,000 in 6 months and I crushed the goals got through it scar running scared shitless the whole way by the way this wasn't like it was like probably a healthy thing but it worked so I don't know what works for you but that worked for me and that's that story um and it's mainly because people are fed by pain or pleasure right and you have to think which one drives you some people are driven better by pleasure The idea of something pleasurable happening was what drives them towards it to go after it. That doesn't work for me. The idea of pleasure does not work. I need the idea of pain, right? I just I do better with suffering. I don't know. It's just the way my body works. Everybody's different, right? I'm curious. Are you pain or pleasure? Answer in the chat if you're if you think you're pain or pleasure. I'm curious because this is really curious. I mean, right now, here we are. if we haven't been able to pull a deal together yet. And maybe you know that you're not doing all of the things every single day consistently that you know what it takes. Okay? And you know this internally, right? Nobody knows this other than you, right? You have to sit with this. Like you know what to do. We have all the X's and O's. We can handhold to the best of our ability. Um and you have full access to me every single week and day and cell phone numbers and emails and all the systems and everything's here. But only you know whether or not you're stepping up to where you believe you should be. Okay? And um and so that's okay, right? But we want to make sure that you're getting that goal met, right? Which all of you want multifamily. And many of you have hit it, right? And are making it happen. Then you're going to the next deals and the next deals. Some of you not just yet. And it's going to happen because you're doing the right processes, right? And if you know that you're doing the right things, which is texting and calling brokers, setting up appointments, looking at deals, analyzing them, writing offers, like that is the cycle that you're in until that first deal hits. And you just need to know that if you're staying in that process and you are consistent daily, and I don't even care if it's one text you're sending out, one email is going out to a broker, one property, you're looking at it, quickly looking at it, analyzing it, and maybe even firing off an LOI, a letter of intent offer. Doesn't matter. That process will yield results, right? Some faster than others. I mean, we had Joshua on here. I mean, I I think you got your first deal in like 16 days, dude. He's not even on here this morning. And I was like, that I mean, that's fast cuz I mean 22 days was the fastest up until then. But he says, "Justin, I was looking at 20 deals a day and writing 15 offers." I'm like, "Okay, do you not have a job? Like, what are you doing?" and he's like, "Well, I have some time right now." I said, "Okay, then go." And he obviously, you know, collapsed the time and went and made it happen. Um, much more motivated by the threat of losing something than gaining. Yeah, Bruce. Yeah, that that's pain. That's pain. And that's usually what drives people. It's usually what drives people. Um, so Guantan um, I will take you up on that. Do you want to write me a $3,000 check? You can mail it to me and then we'll post date it to December 31st, 2025. We'll post it and you and you don't have to close, but you have to lock up a multifamily deal by December 31st of this year. You have four months. I guarantee it happens. Guaranteed. Guaranteed. I won't be cashing that check. Don't worry, you will get it done. 100% you will get it done. But I think we should make the check bigger. We should probably make a 10K like I had to do running scared shitless every single day of my life. And I didn't even have kids just yet. But I was like, you know, I didn't have a lot of money, right? And I only had and I was running with three months of reserves. So I'm sitting there going I mean hyperventilation is happening daily. Um so okay, then we should do it. We'll we'll we'll chat offline about that. You have um as you guys all have as you guys all have my cell phone, you have it in the back end of your portal and you have it here too. But um yeah, Guan, if you want to if you want to send me a text, uh I'll give you the address, baby, and send that check and then we'll just hold it nice and quiet and then we'll make it happen. I love it. Uh if anybody else wants to jump on that that wagon, let's do it. Um what was I going to say? I was going to mention to you. Um, that was the main one about this letter thing because so much of this is mindset and that's why I keep kind of targeting this consistently because you all know what to do, right? All of you know what to do. You know that, hey, how do we start making relationships with brokers? How do we start looking at deals? How do we analyze them through the analyzer? How do we write some offers using the templates and all the tools and resources that we provide? That's all there. The X's and O's are in place. Um, and then we're here to obviously conversate and be here for you. That's why you have my personal cell phone number. Um, now it becomes a mindset game and in a um a game of I call it consistent discipline. And it's hard. It is hard. If it were easy, right, everybody would do it. But it is hard because life happens, days happen, you have work, you have kids, you have family, you have all these other things pulling at your attention. And so staying the course uh takes consistent discipline and it is a mindset game. And so that's why I think this would be really really really valuable for everybody. And I would this is what I would love to see happen. This is what I was forgetting to mention. This is what I would love to see happen between now in this next week over the next seven days inside the WhatsApp chat that you all have. I would love no different than I kind of read you a part of mine. You don't have to read all of yours, but I would love to see everybody write yours, okay? Or yourself. And then if you're open to it, do a short little video on camera and read not maybe just the portions you want. It's totally fine for privacy or whatever you're you're comfortable sharing. And send it out to the world because we're all here to support you. I'm here to support you. Everybody in the community is here to support you. That's why you're here. But I think that'd be an amazing exercise if you're open to doing it and beginning that process for yourself twice a day and watch what happens. I kid you not, watch what freaking happens. You're going to do this and you're once again write it in the present tense as though it's happened and you can make it a prayer to God or you can just say it in general um and be thankful and grateful that it's happening in this in this tone. But once again, the exact amount of money that you want to make and put a date on it. So one and two exact amount of money and the date and then what are you going to do to like what types of things you going to do to do it? How are you going to earn it? Through your current job, through multif family, through some other source, right? Write those down. And then number four, what are you going to do when you get it in terms of giving back, helping others, doing these things? What are you going to do with it? Okay. And then um that's the main that's the main four that you need in there and be and seeing it as though it's happened. not happening, but happened. Um, in the present tense, not as though you don't already have it and that you're hoping to get it. No, you're going to write it in like it's happening right now. Um, beautiful. Um, great question, Tony. If we move forward with an NDA with a broker to find us offmarket deals for a 3% commission, should we adjust the closing costs? No, you won't. You're not going to pay them, Tony. Their fee will get negotiated into the deal. Okay? So, I understand you signed a a buyer broker, whatever that thing is, and that's cute. Uh, and that's I mean, not cute to you, but cute to them. They're just doing it for their own protections, but you're not paying them. That fee is going to be negotiated in the deal. So, what you're going to tell the broker is, listen, I can pay X for the property. Your fee will be paid by the listing broker. So go ahead and negotiate that and that'll be in your LOI, it'll all be stated in the documents. So even though I understand this NDA and this broker thing and that's all nice, it when it really comes push to shove, where that money comes from to pay them will come from the listing broker and the seller. Okay? Yeah. Just so you know, because that should not increase your cost to the deal. um you'll just negotiate that into the price and then also negotiate it into how it gets paid uh from the because the listing brokers typically are getting between four to 6%. Right? The listing brokers are getting four to 6% as their total commission. So they can share and I don't even know that I would make it 3%. I'd probably make it two maybe two and a half. So you I would adjust that down a little bit to two to two and a half. Either way it gets negotiated. Period. And it's all negotiable at the time of a deal. So regardless of what that document may or may not say, you could say, "Listen, I we can't go I I like the deal, John Broker. We can't do it without this, and this is what it has to be." And then they'll adjust it accordingly. Okay. Uh on that specific deal. Yeah. You bet. You bet. Okay. So, let's talk about raising money. Okay. Let's talk about raising money real quick. And I want to walk through some important things. um that you all many of you have done already are in the process of doing just so you understand kind of the global thing that has to happen for you to attract money into you right now. Okay. And I kind of put this up here. So number one is setting up your business which most of you have done right in terms of the LLC getting your little website set up and all that stuff to I call it look the part right look the part and we in the back end of your so as you all know you have two loginins right and if you haven't gotten those or you don't know where they're at you have your main login which is for the community and the portal and the courses and all that and then you've gotten a separate login which is where your CRM that we give you in website templates are housed and stay and hosted and it has everything. It's got email capabilities to it, texting capabilities to it, landing pages if you want those if you know what landing pages are if you're going to talk about a deal. And we have this all templated. It's all in there for you. And then of course you're going to customize it specific to your company, your colors, your brand, your logo. And we have the vendors that can do it all for you in the system. So that way you don't have to go find people to do it. Everybody that's in there already works in the system. They can just help you do it and there's a flat fee that they get paid independent. Okay, so that's important. And the reason why it's important, just to give you a perfect example, is I was chatting with someone yesterday. They were saying, "Hey, the broker wants XYZ from me, right? They want a proof of funds. They want who's our strategic partners. They want to know if we've done stuff before and blah blah blah." Like that's the pretty typical stuff you would hear from a broker. Okay? And what they're doing is they're just trying to say, "Who the hell are you?" That's from a high level, that's what they're trying to do. And so if you have a basic website in place where you kind of look the part and then on that website, okay, no different no different than we have on ours. Okay? And you guys have all seen this before for but for some that have not, let me show you what I'm talking about. So our website like our capital company Brennan Polley Group and you have a you have a website temp a template similar right but ours is a little more uh um uh in depth because we've been around longer. Yours you may only have two or three tabs. Totally fine. But we've set that all up for you as part of it. But one of them is going to be about the team. Okay. So, in terms of our team, right, you have the head guys here, but then you may or may not have some supporting cast. Not a problem. But you can use all of these people because all of these vendors that you're seeing here, everybody from the accountant to Eric Weold to Clint to Syndication Pro, these are all vendors and systems that are in the system right now for you in the back end under the vendors and systems. So, they are your advisory team, right? you're trying to present to the world, even though you haven't gotten it all yet, that, hey, we kind of have our ducks in a row a little bit. And we're looking the part. We're looking the part because what it's going to do is gain confidence to the broker and lenders and other potential investors and money people that, hey, okay, they got a little bit of a presence online. I can read about them. I can see them. I see who they are. You don't have to have a bunch of properties. Don't worry. We didn't either. But you're going to start to look the part and put that out into the universe. Okay. So that's the advisory strategic partners. We Brennan Poly Group are your strategic partner. So obviously these are our strategic partners. So in this place, you're going to put us, right? So that way when any broker's asking you, hey, who are your partners that are helping you? Who are this? Who are that? Oh, it's the Brennan Pulley Group. Great. Well, you can go ahead and stack our faces right here, Chris and I, right, with our logo and put us down here as a strategic partner on your website. So that way when they scroll through it, sure, they're going to see you. They're going to see your advisory team and they're going to see, oh, Brennon Poly Group, you can have a link to our website there. All that stuff can be there because what that's going to do naturally is they're going to click on it and go, oh, okay, these guys are doing okay. I see these guys are, you know, it doesn't seem like they're too full of You see where I'm going with it? So, that's a important piece of the puzzle because it's going to help alleviate questions that a broker, lender, or potential money people may have with you as you're getting started and you're brand new. So, setting up the LLC business, which we do and help you out in the back end, setting up the website so you look the part, you get a CRM that's included into it. What I need you to do is go into that CRM. Okay? It's no different than this one. And I could share with you. See if I can go in here. Get out of that and pull this up. Click on that. Okay. I'm just going to pull up a a basic one here so you understand and I'll share it with you. But in your CRM, you know, it's going to kind of look like this in the beginning because you're not going to have anybody in there. Okay? Then you'll have your company logo and all that stuff up here and your company name, you know, but you'll have all your contacts in there. But all I want you to do is go in there and put in 25 people. And I don't care if these people don't have a single dime to their name. That's not the point. The point is people know people that know people. What I want to know, and if they do have enough money, great. But I just want names of about 25 people in that CRM that's going to start the process because these may be the 25 people that when you have your first deal, you could send it out to them and they if they don't have any money, they may know somebody that does, right? And we've talked the process for that because it's not about asking them for money. It's about saying, "Hey, I have this deal locked up. Who do you know that may have some interest that they may want to invest?" Oh, what's the minimum? 25 grand to get involved. Okay, great. What are some What are the returns you thinking? About 18% a year on your money? Wow. 25 grand to get in. Okay. Do you have any information you can send me? Yes, I do. Let me send you over the pitch deck. Have you take a look at it? Do you know anybody that may have some interest? That's what that that's what sparks that process. Okay. But getting that all in place from kind of a back-end fundamental is really really really important. Okay. It's going to help you raise money. Uh Joshua asks on the CRM, how do we get the investors signed up with their own portal? That's separate. So Joshua, you don't need that yet, right? You don't need that yet. That's through an investor relations software. We use what's called Syndication Pro. So like um let me show you what I'm talking about here. You don't need that right now as you're getting started. Once you get going and you have a few deals under your belt, then you can and maybe you do want to do it now, right? Maybe you do want to do it now. Now, you get a discount discount discount code. If you go into your portal, right, in the download section under vendors and systems and you click on that PDF in there, you're going to see what's called syndication pro. There's a link right there. That's a discount link for you if you did want to sign up with them. Okay? If you did want to sign up with them. And that what that is is an investor relations software. So once you get some more deals and more things under your belt, you may want to invest into that. It's a few hundred bucks a month, but that would get you kind of this whole back-end system that I can show you. So we have a deal portal here that anybody can come into and I won't log into it right the second, but that would let you log into a back-end portal where your investors would get their own kind of login. no different than a bank account at Bank of America. And when they log in, it's going to have, you know, any deals they're involved in, how much money they got into it, any updates that you may be sending out to everybody. It may have, uh, like I said, legal docs, uh, tax documents, anything, distributions, everything is in there. It's all managed, okay, inside that software. But in the beginning for your first deal or two, you, you know, just trying to save you money, you don't need to do that on your first couple. We didn't actually implement this until about our third deal. Our third deal. Okay. Um, let me answer some more questions here real quick. Uh, so I hope that answers your question, Joshua. So, yeah, the CRM now, you can track their money separately on a simple spreadsheet for your first couple deals, right? You can do that pretty easily because it's going to be bite-sizable. as you get going and you have more deals and more investors, then yes, you would want to maybe invest in a CRM or a investor relations software and that'll all interconnect just FYI. Um, David asked, "For the first deal with friends and family, is there a major reason not to go below 25K for the minimum investment?" Um, you can, David. There's no reason not to. I mean, technically you can um you Yeah, you just want to be tactful. Um yeah, you just want to be tactful that you're not taking grandma's last 10 grand, right? And that they could lose that money, right? Right. So, it's just it's just, you know, not that they will, they're not going to, but you get you get the point that I'm saying that if quite honestly, somebody shouldn't probably be investing if they can't have 25K to, you know, part with and let earn money for them for a while, right? It's just trying to find where's that baseline at. And, you know, you'll see across the board 25K is kind of that baseline. But, have we had people come in at 15? a couple in the very beginning. So, it's not that you can't do it. You can and you can take smaller investments. Totally up to you. Uh but my recommendation would be that you set the the baseline at 25 and then if you have a little onesie twoosy one off here or there, sure, you can entertain that. Completely up to you. Um that's right. It's keeping the LPS reasonable and all that stuff. That's right. Does that change the 506b to a 506 C since you don't know that people investing? Uh, no it does not. Yeah. The only time you start needing to go to what's called a 506 C. So, just so everybody understands, there's two offering types. 506b, 506 C. 506b allows you to bring in a certain number of nonacredited investors and then you cannot publicly market it. meaning I can't go on to Facebook and Instagram and start posting, hey, who wants to invest with me, okay? And running ads and all that stuff to it. You can't publicly market on mass amounts. That's the difference between a B and a C. B and a C. And then you can bring in nonacredited investors on a 506 B is in boy as boy offering. But no, it does not change that. Um, perfect. Okay. So, that's that. And then I know we have a few minutes left here. So that's the LLC website, CRM. So you kind of start looking the part, right? You get the point. I mean, you are running a business, everybody. You have a multi-family business. You are officially a multifamily investor whether you have a property or not. But if in order for you to get into that mindset, you've got to create that for yourself and say, "Listen, I'm officially got an LLC. I got my company. I got my website. I'm rocking and rolling. I'm a multif family investor. I'm out of barbecue. I'm not just a tech guy working for so- and so. I'm a tech guy working for so and so and I buy multif family buildings with investors and we do it around the country. Oh, that's cool. So, you officially have another title on your business card. Get the point? Because that's really, really, really important that you start setting that in place for yourself and for others so they actually because as you know, your family will doubt you. Other people will doubt you. If you're worried about them doubting you, good. They're going to because until you step into it and own it for yourself and say, "No, this is going to happen." Period. and I'm setting the intention and we're going and I don't give a you know what if you believe I can do it or not. It's irrelevant. They're not going to believe it till they see it. But you can believe it. Okay? You can believe it. That's why you're here. Um but that's it. And then in terms of like you So you start with the 25 people. Make a list. Make a list. I don't care. Once again, I don't care if it's your I was going to say I don't care if it's your your your dog, you know, Raul, right? But you get the point. put 25 people on that CRM and start there. Phone numbers, emails, right? Their names and all that stuff. And if you can get their addresses, great. But you want at least 25 people on that list. That's where you start. Now, you want to start attracting other people in. So, how does that happen? Having some presence online. Is anybody here scared of social media? Does anybody post decently on social media, show your life on social media, or are you scared shitless of social media? chime in in the chat. And I'm not you don't need to be a guru. You don't need to be out there all crazy and doing the stuff kind of that we do. I mean, media is one of our things, but it may not be yours, and that's okay. And I'm not expecting people to have some crazy presence, but having some, right? And if you're scared of it, I'd like to know why because we need to step into that a little bit. Okay? But you have your online website. But I'm just curious if anybody here is scared of this kind of game of, you know, walking down the street and showing an apartment building, showing what you're doing. Oh, I'm looking at this apartment building and we're thinking about doing blah blah blah blah blah. It's not the point. You're in the process of it. You're starting to send free, oh, he's looking at apartment buildings. Does he buy them? Does she buy them? Right? You get the point. you're starting to show that a little bit in the rest of the stuff that you do because until you actually present that to the world and if you're trying to play kind of hideand go seek with it, you can't do that, right? You got to you got to set it out there ahead of time. Even if it hasn't happened yet, you're in the presence of it. Okay? So, looking at that and just considering that and we're going to start we're going to be holding uh starting this month, by the way, and we'll give you the links. We're going to be holding a once a month call on brand branding, which is kind of the social media side of it, okay? And mindset, right? To get your mindset wrapped around that what we talk about here. And the branding side of, hey, how do I begin to present myself? Even if I have a job, right? Because you have a career doing other things. And it's not like you can overtake that right now. Your boss may not like this. Maybe, I don't know. But it doesn't mean you can't do it, right? I mean, it's a side hustle for you and your family, and you're allowed to do that as long as it's not overtaking what you're doing in your daily. There's no reason you can't do this. Okay? So, you can mesh the two together, even though you haven't gone full boore with it. Okay? Um, own the dorkiness. That's fair. I'm not scared of it, but it'll probably feel like a dork. That's okay. Trust me that this is why I I guarantee you when you come on uh this branding call um we're going to change your mindset around it. We're going to get you comfortable. It's a process. If you're not if it's not naturally part of your um what you do and what you've been doing, it's going to feel awkward. Totally fine. Baby steps. Baby steps. Okay. Um meetup.com. Great one. I actually went to like five meetups when I first got started in this. I just went in my area, pulled up five meetups that I could go to just to start meeting people. Remember this big overarching theme. They don't have to be in real estate. In fact, it's probably better if they're not right. All you're trying to do is understand this simple concept. The more hands you shake, the more money you make. The more hands you shake, the more money you make. You're simply trying to meet people and then let them know what you do for a living. That's it. That's it. Because the more people that know what you do for a living in addition to what you're doing for your day job, they're like, "Huh, that's really interesting. Look, man, if you have a deal, I'm I'm totally interested in looking at multif family." You're starting to bring people into this database CRM. So that way you have what's called soft commitments. So then what happens is when you actually get a deal, nice little simple email template that we provide you with gets blasted out about the deal and all of a sudden they're like, "Yeah, dude. I got 25 grand. Yeah, man. I got I have a friend that's got 50. I got 25. Okay, great. So, all of a sudden, you just raised 100 grand with like four or five people. You'd be shocked. You'd be shocked. Okay, but you have to start putting this in play in the meetups.com really, really work. Any other local ones, Facebook local meetup groups in your local area, Facebook local meetup groups, realtor investor ones, doctors, attorneys, think outside the box. They don't need to be in real estate. They could literally be in other industries. Doctors have money, dentists have money, attorneys have money, other industries, tech guys, they all have money and they want to deploy it and they want to avoid taxes. So then now you can provide that. You can go to these other meetings and other things and meet people. The more hands you shake, the more money you make. All you're trying to do is attract them in, get them into a nice little CRM system that we provide you with collecting. It's like collecting names. So that way when a deal is there, boom, it goes out and you'd be shocked. You'll have people replying back to you going, "Man, that looks cool. Yeah, I'm interested. Let's jump on a phone call. Do you have some information you can send me? Yeah, you know, I I have 25,000 bucks. I got to get rid of it this year before I get avoided taxes. You be watch what happens. Okay. And then any other local investor networking things you can go that are specific to investors. Okay. Um list of 25. List of 25. Can we make it and I So these are this is your homework. We're finishing up right now to two pieces of homework. I would love if you can, and I'm going to chime into our chat later today and this week. I would love to see everybody create yours, your letter, your prayer letter or your your vision statement, however you want to call it in the present tense, okay? And I would love you to show it on video, real simple, uh, and read it out, okay? In the chat if anybody wants to do this and set the intention. That's number one. Number two, I would love for everybody to tell me if they can put 25 people into their CRM and can you do it? Today is Thursday. Can you do it by Saturday? You have 48 hours. 48 hours to put 25 people into the CRM. Can you do it? And I'd love to see. And then chime in in the chat when you do. Yes, I got it done. Awesome. I'm going to take your word on it. But it's holding everybody accountable in that chat as we push through because that's going to start the process. Okay. Letter people. Letter people. Let's make it happen by Saturday. By Saturday. Okay. Awesome. Beautiful everybody. I want to be respectful of your time. We're two minutes over here. But so letter and people letter and CRM people by Saturday. Okay. Awesome. That's all I got for you today because I want to talk about this money side. You already know all the other X's and O's, but I think this is really important to start compiling this and then start the frequency side of it. Okay. All right, everybody. Have a great rest of your day. Happy Thursday. Um, I know, listen, I know the NFL is starting this week. I got my fantasy football thing tomorrow. My league is crazy. These people are nuts. Um, insane. But I have a secret weapon. My son, he's like, he's I don't I think he's better than AI. I'm not kidding you. He's like on doing mock drafts and stuff. He's he's 10 years old. I think he's already got like every algorithm you could think of of the players that I should pick. So, he's going with me to my draft. He's going to be helping me select all these players. It's going to be great. So, um, I got to win the championship again. I I I won it three years straight. My league hated me. They thought I was like the worst. And then I've haven't won it the last three years. So, I got to get back to my winning standards. Okay. Winning standards. Okay. So, uh, best of luck whatever your team may be. I know the NFL starts this. The ladies don't care. Maybe do. But the men are really excited. Okay. and NFL starting to I think tomorrow night. Tomorrow night. So, rock and roll. All right, everybody. Have a great rest of your Thursday. Letter in the chat and 25 people Saturday. All right, take care.