Hello, hello, hello. Come on in. Good morning to everybody. Get everything going here in just a second. Make sure this goes out to you. See everybody coming on in. So, we got two Chads. Two Chads. Um, is there a delay? Well, it's pretty minor. I can see like there's a delay between the audio and the video. Um, it's kind of odd. Um, we will check that out. See what's going on there. Let me make sure they got uh get everybody in here. How's everybody doing? Chime in in the chat. Happy Thursday. Hello. Hello. Hello. And um I got that going. Should be able to It's working. There we go. Hopefully that won't mess anything up. We'll see. Uh, how's it? Perfect. So, I see we got good to see you, Chad. Um, Frank's in here. Beautiful. Christian Don, good to see you, sir. Hunter, beautiful. Julio, Kurt, Michael, Thomas, good to see you, Thomas. It's been a little while. Good to see you back in here, my friend. Uh, Twilight, you're in here as well. So, awesome. We'll kind of wait just a second. We'll get going. Um, are any of you guys like football fans? Um, football fans at all? Huge. Huge. So, this was in Jan. Wait, no, it's February. February, I went to an event. Um, and they had auction items. And if any of you kind of know me, uh, I'm a big, uh, Patriots guy. So, uh, anyhow, they had this. I had I had to win it. Like, there wasn't like a choice not to win this thing. So, this is, um, put this up here. So, this is Tom Brady signed Super Bowl Football Patriots. And um I won this baby. Well, let's take it out of the case. I had to share it. I don't know why, but I had to share it. So, um yeah, this thing was incredible. Uh it all went to the kids. All the winnings went to the kids. But uh yeah, this is a legitimate uh I have the certificate and everything as well for the TB signed football from the Super Bowl. And uh it's pretty sweet. Pretty sweet. Um, yeah, it was a pretty rare thing because um, this thing would probably go for $10,000 normally or maybe even more, but the the event that they had, they it was a silent auction and they didn't really promote the silent auction that well at the event, so there wasn't that many people bidding. And I walked by this thing and I said, "Is that what I think it is and I looked at it and then I looked at the certificate and made sure it was all authentic and everything like that and I'm like there's only one bid on this thing for $1,000. So, I went one up on that at 1,500 bucks, but I waited like maybe five minutes before the silent auction ended and I got it. Um, yeah, pretty amazing. Pretty amazing. So, uh, put some air in it. Yeah. Well, it's got a little bit of air and it's it works. I mean, the whole thing, but I you know, we're going to It's a art piece. It's an art piece. Um, do any of your kids, you know, make you things like this? I don't know if you have kids, they make, you know, this is what it's all about, you guys, right here. Okay. This is what we live for. Stuff like that. They made that at school and I'm like, I mean, there you go. There you go. Um, okay. Well, let's get rocking and rolling here. Good to see everybody in here. Happy Thursday. Uh, a couple things we're going to talk about today. You can kind of see behind me. Uh, one is kind of the stage three in your road map, which is the market setup. Then you get to the brokers and the deal flow, which is right around the corner and setting that up. And then, of course, number six being the capital foundation and the mock deal. Did any of you guys take a look at um because I was trying to put them in the chat, the stuff that Brian did, Brian Norton for his mock deal that he's doing. We put it in the chat last night. Uh just so that way you can kind of all see it. It looks like a good amount of you did. I'm going to bring that up just to kind of walk through that uh and the importance, you know, of doing that, which you all know, but I just want to show you literally the four things you're going to do for that mock deal setup. The first one is, of course, the landing page. And let me share that with you so you can see what I'm talking about. All of you know this because it's right in the back end of your system inside of your uh CRM. and you have it in the sites area for the funnels, but it has this and you can customize it very easily to your specific deal. Of course, he's got his stuff up here and this is the landing page specific to this 14un apartment complex. And this is a comp is a real deal, but it's a mock deal. He's using a real deal to then run the exercise and push it out to his database and people to start sending the signal that hey, I'm a multif family investor over here. Take a look at me. This is what I do to warm up the database for the capital foundation, right? The capital foundation. And so he's put this together. 641 Powder Springs Street, 14 units. You can download the pitch deck right here. You fill this out and it'll send it right to you. Come down here. He's got a little summary video. &gt;&gt; It is a 14un apartment building in Smyrna, Georgia. &gt;&gt; I have this sped up a bit. &gt;&gt; Details like the offering summary, the property, details about the property, the market, the financials, how to invest with us. &gt;&gt; So, that's all there. So, you'll have it. &gt;&gt; So, you can walk through. It's a little seven minute video that he put together. All it was is is done on Loom which is free and it allows you to share your screen kind of like what you're seeing now. Um and he goes right through the pitch deck and just the highle parts of the pitch deck not the whole thing and does that little summary video highlights of it etc etc. This is all templated for you guys in the back end info about the deal. So that way you can send this link right here, right? This his domain.com641 powder. Put it in the notes on your phone anywhere you're at. Run into anybody. You send it right to them in any conversations. But you always want to tee it up. Meaning if somebody's asking you and you just run into them, I don't care if it's at a grocery store and they're like, "Hey, you know, Chad, how are things going?" You're like, "Oh, things are great, man. you know, business is business and I'm buying some apartments and stuff. Like, throw it out there. Like, drip it because like it'll stop them a little bit. Whoa, what do you mean? Like, you're buying apartments? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm actually even looking at this 14 unit right now. We're going into contract on it. Really? Tell me more about that. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Hey, do you have any information you can send me on that? Oh, yeah, sure. Let me send you a link. Maybe you know some people, right? Remember, I'm not asking them. You may know some people. That's how you do it. And then they're going to take a look at this link. And what do you think this is going to do? Like if if you ran into one of your friends, one of your people, anybody, I mean, at the checkout counter at Trader Joe's, which has happened to me, if somebody looked at this, do you think they would be like, "Oh, okay. This is professional. It's not like some Timbuktu put this together. Pretty professional. Looks pretty good. Oh, he's got a summary video. I can watch that." They get to know you through that and kind of who you are and more about kind of like what you're doing. and it's going to interest them. If if nothing else, they're like, it's sending the signal that holy crap, you know, he's got a team. He's got his people in here. I mean, he's set to go. He's got accounting. Like, you get the point. It's sending the signal. That's what you need because that builds trust. And if you build trust, people are more likely to give you money. That's the capital foundation stage. So, that's just the website. And then you get into the pitch deck side of it, which is this here. And you guys have all seen a bunch of these already, but just reiterating this. So, this is the actual pitch deck and this can go attached in an email, whatever it is. And you have this templated, right? It's on Canva. You guys have the templates in your back end under the download section that goes through all this. And he just put this together. It's a minimum $100,000 investment. It's showing the projected returns. Here's kind of how the capital is stacked up in the deal, benefits to the investors, timeline for it. Here's projected returns on a $25,000 investment. Brian, I just caught something because it's a minimum 25,000, not 100,000. So, you're going to want to go change that, by the way. That's that's a catch. I just saw that. Yeah, this needs to be Oh, hold on. Oh, I see what you did. Never mind. You're smarter than me. You have a $25,000 example, $100,000 example. Um, you may want to actually remove that one. You probably don't need that. Uh, simple here minimum because what you're trying to send the signal here is the $25,000 minimum, right? So, that kind of sends that, hey, it's only 25,000 bucks to get into a deal like this with me. That's the point you're trying to get across in the projected returns. Certainly, people could put in 100, but it's going to be the same. Um, this shows the example of what the money looks like if somebody does invest with you at 25K. And uh you'd also want to have a $100,000 example here. I don't know if you have that. No, you just have the 25K. You may want to put in there $100,000 example. So that way you have those two, but you don't need them up here. So that's a good catch. Uh Brian, if you're in here, we'll let you know that. Um but that's the point behind that. Okay. Showing you the example information on the offering. Hey, this is Olive Tree Investments LLC. We're partnering together to put this together. those 14 unit uh 4 to 6 year opportunity purchasing it for a million2 total equity in the deal renovations of 125,000 here's some benefits your preferred return cash on cash return um equity multiple and then IRR information about the property interior photos renovation plan what you plan to do exterior photos the market demographics. Here's the financials. Some of these are just screenshots. And then you get into who the team is. Oh, Olive Tree. Okay. Brian got this guy. This guy. Cool. Strategic partners. Great. And that's it. So, it's sending the signal. It's the whole point. Whole point behind that. And then you saw the summary video that's in there as well. Um, let me make sure that's closed out there. And then the website, Loom video, summary video, and pitch deck. So, that's the point behind that entire process. Um, and that's why we do it, right? And that's that's this point here in the capital foundation stage. And then in addition to that, you're going to want to reach out to the lenders and the insurance brokers that are in the system to introduce yourself. whether that's Hannah Capital, MVP Capital, Groves Capital, or even Scotty Nielsen with Lumen um to introduce yourself. Hey, here I am. I'm in Justin's program. We're doing deals in this space. They're well aware of it. They follow it. So that way you can start that process because they'll let you know, hey, this is what we're going to need. This is what's going to go down. You want to have that teed up so that way you have your debt and your equity warmed up. warmed up well before you actually get a deal. Because if you think about it, think about what you're doing. You're literally going through the exercise of a deal where I'm getting the lenders teed up, getting the insurance teed up, getting my equity with my database teed up, doing a mock run on the deal, sending it out, marketing that process, getting some interest, right? Soft commitments. Like, that's really important to go through that. So that way when you actually get to the point of an offer and then an acceptance, you won't do what I did as much where I freaked out, which you're going to freak out anyways. That's okay. And everybody that's in contract right now, I know you're freaking out. It's okay. But the point behind that is I had not done the mock deal before because it was my first one and I was not mentored yet up to that point. Um, I didn't have a pitch deck put together yet. I had not reached out to my database yet. I had not talked to any lenders yet. I'd not set up that process and all that stuff. What I had done up to that point is I did have our company website up. So, that was done. That was good. Um, I had done the market trip. I had gone out to Kansas City. I had met with people, property managers, toured the areas, got comfortable with it, met with some brokers. I had done the market trip side of it, but I had not done the capital foundation side. So, now I'm sitting there. I just get a call from a broker and I got the deal and I'm super excited for like 30 seconds and then I hang up the phone with them and I start freaking out. I'm like, "Holy Uh, I have 60 days to close. I have 30 days to raise $9 something,000, get a million7 loan and conduct all of my stuff and holy crap, right? I mean, imagine that if you don't do that the stuff before that moment, you're going to be in the exact same position. You'll be hyperventilating. Um, won't sleep at night. Anxiety will go through the roof. It's going to happen. It's going to happen anyways, but I'm trying to lessen that happening for you. So, that's why we do this. Okay. That's why we do this. Um, any questions on that? Any questions on that? So, that's really this process here of the capital foundation and why that's so critical as you're coming through this road map together. Okay. As you're coming through the road map. All right. So, that one's off the table. wanted to share that with you. Let's talk about the brokers and deal flow. We're going to call some brokers today. You guys want to call some brokers today? Let's call some brokers today. Let me uh make sure my phone's ready to rock and roll. And let's dial it up. Um where do you guys want to go? You guys get to choose what part of the country, what state. Let's give me three states. three states and I'll start pulling it up on Craigslist. Three states. We'll call some brokers. Don't be shy. So, we got California. Really? Hawaii. I mean, I can call them. I don't think Hawaii they're picking up. They're probably surfing. Um, we could do California. It's an option. We could do that. Um, we got Indiana, we got Kansas. Kansas would be interesting. I don't think we've ever done Kansas before. That could be an interesting one. Um, let's do that. Let's come in here. Yeah, cuz kind of changed some things up. So, FYI. So, you want to hit the sale part first, just so you know. That'll get you into the sales side of things. And then, yeah, let's start with Kansas. We'll do the whole state to start. And then let's just make sure we're in just multifamily. Get rid of any RV parks. Hit up there. Okay. So, 184 results, right? Not many. Now, keep in mind that's 20%. That's 20%. So, realistically, in the state of Kansas right now, there's about 920 apartments for sale. You're just only seeing 184 cuz that's what's on Kraxy. So, but we're going to use these, right? We're going to use these as a lure because I can tell you who's doing a lot of You got NI or Martins right there. I mean, I can see those logos multiple times. uh SVN, right? They're one of the brokers there that's heavy. You can see it multiple times here. SVN, SVN, NAI. Um let's keep scrolling down here, seeing what we see. Um Brookshshire a couple times there. NI again. So, they're definitely a player in that market. NI again. Um, that's good. These guys have come up a couple times now. So, yeah, this is good. This is good. Just want to scroll, but this is what I would be doing, right? And I'm going to get a handful of them, and those are the ones I'm going to target to start. Um, but we'll go after see landmark few times on these guys. little 36 unit um HAB contract income based apartments. Okay, so those are lower income apartments. Got it. Little 9-unit deal there. Opportunity zone. 12 units there. Okay, nice. 28 units there. This one's interesting. Um, let's click on that. Opportunity zone. Uh, CJ. Uh, so in the United States of America, you could go use Chad GPT or just Google this. Um there's opportunity zones that have been and these are by maybe zip codes in usually the poor areas of major air cities in towns and they've designated those the federal government has designated those as opportunity zones. And why is that important? Because what they've done is they've said, "Hey, if you come invest in this opportunity zone, this is how you can wipe out your taxes, right? Entirely, 100% of capital gains taxes depending on how long you stay invested in there." Okay? Uh if you stay invested in there a lot longer, then you get a lot more tax write offs um versus if you do short short windows. Okay? So the way that it works is if you're in there three years, you get a certain percentage off capital gains. If you're in there 10 years, like if you invest in that opportunity zone for 10 years, it's a 100% write off. No taxes on any profits from that deal. Any cash flow, any profits, anything coming out of that property is 100% taxree. Okay. Period. Uh and that's an opportunity zone. So that's what they they do those for. Yeah. Uh what's the catch? usually worse areas. Yes, but you can find good pockets in the worst areas. That's what you want to do, right? You once again, it's you follow the same process you would where you're driving down the streets and is there a bunch of bars on the windows. And if you drive down in a tougher area that tends to be a good pocket of that tougher area, that can work. It can work, especially if you're seeing some path of progress. Meaning if you're kind of driving in there and there's areas of San Diego and for those of you that came in for our two-day, there's some pockets of San Diego like City Heights and some some other areas that are changing over, right? Some areas are like a little rough and you're like, eh. Other areas of that rougher area are like not bad. We could do this. But that's also an opportunity zone on the maps for San Diego. So, it could work. It could work. But you just got to you got to know the markets. You got to know your areas. You got to drive them. You just got to know it, right? But then it can be very lucrative because you can get in there, go buy an apartment complex and all the money you make on it 100% taxree. Okay, it's a very very cool thing and it triggers uh because they because of the big beautiful bill and stuff that went in place last year. Um it kicks in again this next year in 2027. So it's amazing write-offs. It's pretty cool stuff. So awesome. Well, let me Why didn't it bring up that deal? Let's try that again. There we go. So, I've been on 619 days. Uh, okay. Uh, but Bobby Lane, let's see if she's nice. Um, get her phone number here. See if she picks up. So, 28 units, turnkey investment. Let's take a peek at it. Nice property. Good little zone. Single level. I don't like that it's probably in a flood area. That's probably a problem. Um just guessing. Um but you know, nice little property. Definitely want to, you know, redo the parking lots and stuff in there for sure. Um, but seems cool. So, yeah, we'll call on it, chat with Bobby. See if she picks up here on it. See, we got Hopefully you can you should be able to hear on the mics. Let me know if you hear it ringing. This is Bobby. Hey &gt;&gt; Bobby. Uh, this is Justin. I'm with U Bren and Pulley Capital. I was actually calling you on your your listing there. I think it's the is it the 28 unit? Yeah, the 28 units there in Witchah in Kansas. I know it's been on a while, but um kind of came across my eye. I was curious about it and just wanted to learn a little bit more about that and maybe some other stuff you have in that area. Sure. So, that particular one, um, I will tell you occupancy is pretty low. Um, so is is we've had a really tough time being able to get list price for it, which that property ultimately is going to have to sell at that price or or it won't sell. &gt;&gt; Um, uh, occupancy is is pretty low. Um, they've had some additional turnover. Um, so, you know, I think ultimately seller would probably sell that property. Um but the numbers of occupancy currently don't support it. It it would take some time to get it where you know where it financially made sense that there's a lot of upside on that one. Um just would need you know hands-on management. &gt;&gt; Got it. Is there I mean is there a reason he keeps it on the market then if if I guess financially it doesn't fundamentally work &gt;&gt; because he's got to sell it. He's got to get it moved. H. &gt;&gt; So, and I'm guessing you're saying it has to sell at that price because of the debt, the loans, and all the other stuff on there. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. Correct. Yep. So, it that one's there's really not room um in the price. Uh but ultimately, it's it's going to take somebody that sees the upside of once it's occupied um of what it's going to what what the potential is. &gt;&gt; Okay. Got it. Yeah. And I'll pull down the OM on that. Maybe drop it into our analyzer. And then I you're saying run it at I mean, you're there in Kansas. I mean, usually I'll use, you know, economic loss numbers, including vacancy, bad debt, loss to lease, all that stuff of about 10%. Um, should it be more than that? &gt;&gt; Um, no. I I I think that with this one, you would have um you would have good occupancy. I think that you it's just going to take a good management company to be on it, &gt;&gt; but you're still going to have some loss to lease, bad debt, maybe some concessions. &gt;&gt; Sure. Sure. Yeah. I I think 10% is a is a good number. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um so that would be kind of full occupancy if if you're kind of running it at that and then and see where the numbers pencil out. Where could the rents go on that thing &gt;&gt; on a two bed here in town? 850. &gt;&gt; Okay. Are most of and I haven't looked at the unit mix yet. Is it mostly twos or is it No, there's &gt;&gt; it's a unit there is a unit mix. We've got that broken down. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I see it now. One bedrooms, three bedrooms. Got it. &gt;&gt; Right. Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So, I I think that um you know I there's some section 8 on in there. Um not all of it. It is not all section 8. Um &gt;&gt; so I that one there is some low-income housing that's in there, tenants that are that are on section 8. Okay. &gt;&gt; But um if you have any specific questions on it, just let me know. You can email it over to me and I can get you any data that you need. Um, I will say, you know, um, we don't have 100% accurate numbers. It's been a little bit since the seller has updated us with financials on it. So, &gt;&gt; um, I can send you what I had most recently. Um, but just let me know what questions you have, but I can definitely keep you, um, in the loop if we have any other offmarket opportunities that are, you know, multif family. What is your what's your buying portfolio? What do you typically pick up? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, yeah, thanks for asking. Are you Witchah or you do other markets too? &gt;&gt; So I do Witchah and Oklahoma. &gt;&gt; Okay, awesome. Yeah, because we like Oklahoma, we like Kansas, we're we're we have Kansas City and Missouri markets a little bit in Oklahoma City and then Texas. Um yeah, love kind of that 10 to 50 unit space. Um you know, BNC class properties, &gt;&gt; okay, &gt;&gt; uh from call it 1960 to maybe 2000. &gt;&gt; Okay. and with, you know, medium to, I'd say medium level value ad to maybe light value ad. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; but we're definitely buying on fundamentals. When I say fundamentals, something that's going to give me, you know, mid- teens on an IRRa, &gt;&gt; you know, I think would be fair to request. So, you know, um, so you're kind of looking at that 15 plus irra on on like a property level return. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, and it just comes down to the financials, right? Making sure that, &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; you know, rents are there, occupancies there reasonably. Um, but yeah, I mean, if if it is truly a bad management issue, and is there a reason why? Is it just bad management? Is there something else systemic going on there with this one? &gt;&gt; No, I I mean, I I think that this is a this is an owner an owner problem. Just the management wasn't there. um on on something of this magnitude, you really I mean you've got to have a good property manager or if you're the one that's managing it yourself, you just got to you've got to put money into it. You got to renovate the units. You got to turn them quick. Um and I think ultimately those things just weren't happening. And so, um it's just an underperforming property at the moment. But, you know, I would probably class this closer to C or Dclass. &gt;&gt; Okay. um is is probably where where this one would land. Um but overall I I mean I think that it does have have some pretty good potential. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; But I did I mean I did just sell an apartment up in Topeka and um it was a B-class 30 units. Um it ended up selling I think a little over 2 million. Um &gt;&gt; Okay. So like what is that like is that like 70 80,000 a door? Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah, I think that that's what it that what it hit. Um and so that one was a great property, great location. So, if I come across those, um I will I will definitely let you know. &gt;&gt; Okay, awesome. Yeah, we're definitely looking to buy. I would love to buy through you. Uh that'd be great. Um yeah, it's just trying to I'll take a look at this one and see if if I can kind of see that vision uh of it. &gt;&gt; Um but yeah, whether this one works or something else. um what is a good email for you and I will add you to our investor list and because we we classify ours because we get a lot of offmarket stuff across our desk. Um so if if it matches what you're looking for um once once we get those listings we will call our buyer pool and see if anybody wants to pick it up before it goes live on the market. Um so what is a good email um for us to put on file for you? Yeah, it's Justin J O S T I N &gt;&gt; and then it's Brennanpolley.com. I'll spell that for you. It's B ren &gt;&gt; and then poli is p o h.com. &gt;&gt; And this this is your cell phone number, Bobby? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Did you call the 990 number or did you call my Google number? &gt;&gt; I got 3169900697. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yep. That is my direct cell. &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah, I'll shoot you a text as well if you have that. And then um Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that uh appreciate your time and being so transparent. Uh is the tenant is the tenant base decent here or is it too far out? Is it too tertiary like with this specific property? &gt;&gt; I mean, I I think there's there's so many plays that you could have on on a unit over there. Um I I think unit mix I I would have to run run some ideas through of okay, what's going to be the best use for this property. Um because like I said, I think that there there's been a lot of turnover there. Um and I think that it's just, you know, proper screening, quality tenants. Um I I think that you just want to make sure that you're you're vetting them well before you place some. &gt;&gt; Yeah, agreed. Agreed. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, yeah, this is great. Appreciate your time, Bobby. and I'll shoot you a text and then uh yeah, let's do let's do some deals. &gt;&gt; Perfect. All right, sounds good. I'll send you what we got. &gt;&gt; You bet. Bye. &gt;&gt; All right. Bye-bye. &gt;&gt; There you go. Uh so, let's do some Q&amp;A on that because you saw like I'm curious is your thoughts on questions I was asking because it's the same stuff I've been kind of preaching. Was it not? I mean, thumbs up if it's like the same thing I've been kind of expressing to everyone like, "Hey, this is the conversation type." And you could see how she like opened up the floodgates, you know? So, I love how people are like, "Oh, no, the brokers don't have any deals." Guys, they have plenty of deals, right? You have to understand they're going to be guarded and they don't know you. So, until you begin to open that for them to kind of, right? That's when the gates begin to open because for every single deal, I mean, she just told me straight out. I mean, this is one deal she has. She has many others. And she's like, "Oh, yeah. Yeah. They're pre-market, offmarket. Exactly what I've expressed." And, "Oh, yeah, yeah. We'll send those to you. Give me your email. Give me that." You could see like how we're rolling. And a very nice lady. Obviously, she knows her stuff. Sharp. Um, but that's kind of the that's how it goes. I mean, that is literally the simplest conversation. And you notice how I used her listing as the bait. I didn't even have to come up with things to talk about. I just talked about our deal. And then we kind of, you know, pitch it, you know, tweak it a little bit. And you could see how I then kind of pivoted a little bit and say, "Hey, are there any other areas you handle or is it just Witchah?" Oh, no, no, no. I handle Oklahoma and I handle this and I handle that. Okay, great. And then she came back with, "Hey, we can get you our offmarket stuff. What are you looking for? What's your buy box?" And you could then see how I answered that question saying, "Well, we're looking for this and this." Same thing you would do 10 to 30 unit, 10 to 50 unit properties, B and CL class, uh, light to medium value ad returns in the mid- teens on your IRRa, right, on the property level returns, which is what you guys are looking at on your metrics. That's kind of all I'm giving her. And that's enough for her to say, "Oh, okay." Like you, that that alone signals that, "Okay, you know what you're kind of talking about. You know, you know enough lingo to be dangerous. Cool. Trust is built. Hey, let me open it up to some other things. What's your email? Send me your phone number. Let's stay in touch." Now, it's your job at this point to stay in the follow-up. So, I will be I would be taking Bobby, putting her into my CRM, tagging her as broker Kansas, and then now I have a contact there with her phone number, her email, and stuff she's doing. And then you got to drip on them if Kansas is your market, you know, whether it's every week, you know, just dripping on her. Hey, blah blah blah. Hey, blah, blah, blah. Hey, blah, blah, blah. And then if you're going to be in that market and you're going to do your your market trip, right? Market setup and the market trip. Hey, Bobby. I'm gonna be out there next week looking at some properties, touring the areas. I'd love to stop by and just shake your hand and get to meet you real quick. Maybe bring you some coffee. Oh, great. So nice. That'll be great. Blah blah blah blah. Then then you stop in. Shake hands and kiss babies, as I like to say. But you got the part. Uh candy from a baby. Yeah. So, um I'm going to I is anybody I'd love to get your feedback on it. Is there anybody that would like to chat real quick about that call and then maybe how some of your calls have gone if you've been calling out like that because this is a really important piece of this brokers and deal flow process, right? And I'm simply using their listings as bait and that way I don't really have to come up with a lot of things to say. I'm just talking about the property and also then leaning into, hey Bobby, are these the only ones you have or these are the only areas you work in? stuff like that. Um, but yeah, is is there anybody that wants to come up and chitchat real quick? If you're available, I'll I'll bring you up and and talk. Don't be shy. I'm going to I'm just going to call on you. Don, can I call on you? I'm calling on you. Calling on you. Uh, John, good to see you in here, sir. John Story Sugit, awesome. Thomas, did you want to come up and chat or no? Is everybody at work just listening in but this is an important process. Um, perfect. Yeah, let me bring in Thomas real quick and then Chad right after that. So, um, sending you the signal, Thomas. &gt;&gt; Sir Justin, can you hear me? &gt;&gt; I can hear you. Can everybody hear Thomas? hopefully on the mics. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um but yeah, what did you think about that as you kind of heard that? &gt;&gt; Yep. So, I was listening to the back end of it. Um but, uh one question I kind of had on some of these stuff too is are you sticking to cuz I know you mentioned like 1% growth, preferably like 2% growth in the area. Are you sticking to like a population minimum as well too? cuz sometimes it's like for the Charlotte metro obviously you know that's the area I focus on the most but then I get something where it's in like Hunterville kind of it's it's 45 minutes away from the city but if you look at that population or growth it might not be as well but the deal like works out with current rents so forth I don't know what are your thoughts on that? Yeah. So, yeah. So, what you want is you you you um you're looking at MSAs, right? So, metropolitan statistical areas and you can take your chat would give you the top 100 as you know. So, you can go in there and say, "Hey, give me list the top 100 MSAs in the United States." Beautiful. &gt;&gt; As long as you're within 30 to 40 minute drive, that's the max though. Like I wouldn't go any more than about &gt;&gt; 30 40 minutes from the the main metro MSA. &gt;&gt; And you know why that is? Because things are fine when markets are moving. But &gt;&gt; you need to presume that while you own it, we're going to be in a recession. &gt;&gt; You just have to assume that because markets that's what markets do. &gt;&gt; And you don't want to be too far from a main metro and job center, right? Because if there is a recession and and if it hits hard, &gt;&gt; people need to move closer to the job centers. That's just the way it works. &gt;&gt; So, you don't want to be too far away. Otherwise, people are going to start choosing, hey, I can't live that far out. I got to be closer to to Charlotte, &gt;&gt; right? You can't be an hour and a half away from Charlotte, right? You got to be you got to be within a 30 40 minute drive of a main metro MSA. Otherwise, it's you're opening yourself up to too much risk &gt;&gt; because the minute that you hit a bad recession, &gt;&gt; people got to go find jobs and they're going to move towards the job centers where most the jobs happen during a recessionary period. Even in today's market with AI and work from home and all the other stuff, um that's just the way it works. And so, you definitely want to be within 30 to 40 minutes. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. because I do get more kind of offmarket deals and maybe just this is where I'm in the pecking order with a lot of these brokers, &gt;&gt; but that are like further away that they're, you know, main guys, main buyers probably don't want and that's probably why I'm getting ones that are Yeah. But they're about 40 45. So it's like &gt;&gt; and when you look in the area, you can't even tell like it's near the main city. So So it is that kind of far out, but you know, Charlotte traffic isn't that bad, for example, or even Raleigh compared to like a lot of these cities. So, you know, once you get on the main road, which is only maybe 3 minutes away, and then you start driving about 10 15 minutes up, then you can see the city. So, it is like &gt;&gt; it's it's kind of like I feel like it's borderline and it's one of those where it's like, hey, if I get it at a reasonable reasonable price, right? Like say if it really is maybe even closer to, you know, the 20% IR still just today without improvement. &gt;&gt; Um, is that possibly like still worth it? I know it might be a little bit riskier and everyone has their own risk tolerance, but it's like kind of that's like the deals that I'm sort of getting until I break through a little bit closer into the city. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh you you just want to be somewhat careful to make sure uh you can drive traffic to it like tenants. &gt;&gt; Got it. &gt;&gt; And what's been Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because you got to remember in order to um to &gt;&gt; gain value on a property, you know, you have to be able to raise rents over time. Yes. &gt;&gt; And you just need to make sure that you're not going to be flatlined out there because you can't get enough demand, right, to that property. And if you can't get enough demand, well, then you can't raise rent. So then you're buying it for cash flow. And that's that's nice. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But in order to get the value push in addition to the cash flow, you got to be able to raise the rents. Otherwise, you're just going to buy a coupon uh and and then you're going to exit the property four or five years from now and you haven't been able to raise rent but like 1%. Well, that's you know it's not going to be great. I mean and and you'll &gt;&gt; you'll still be okay, but you know ultimately um the one thing you you know it's just &gt;&gt; we all know don't ever sacrifice location. &gt;&gt; I mean we all know that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we all know that. So there is the in between. I'm not saying don't do it. I'm just saying be very tactful that if it is a little further out, you know, 30 40 plus minutes &gt;&gt; that it has it at least it's maybe it's on a a busier thoroughfare in that area &gt;&gt; so you're not stuck out in the country, &gt;&gt; right? Meaning I wouldn't want something sitting out, you know, in the middle of a country where I'm the only thing there and you know the closest thing to uh the city is 15 20 minutes away. Yep. &gt;&gt; So yeah, that's the good thing is too, like even though it's like 40ish 45 minutes away from the city, it's only like 3 minutes away from the main road that goes that direction. And then right there on that main road, there's like a bunch of restaurants. So it's not it when you're in the apartment, it looks like you're kind of far away, but the main road is right there. And when you're on the main road, there's, you know, a Home Depot within 7 minutes. There's all those restaurants, &gt;&gt; um, stores, gas station right there on the corner. So it's like it's not like out in no man's land. It's right there. It's just the main city like where a lot of the jobs are. You know, it is it is a a little bit more of a hike. So that's why it's kind of it's an in between, but it's like man, if I can get it, you know, like a 28 unit for only $1.2 million and it just like today I'm already getting good cash flow. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I would just look at historical occupancy on it and just, you know, and keep in mind if there &gt;&gt; if you believe you can market the property better and get it out there and that there's demand there. And what I would be looking at too is, you know, what are the other apartments around the area and what is their &gt;&gt; average occupancy, &gt;&gt; right? Because let's say let's say you're at 80% or 85% but everybody else is operating at 90 plus. Okay. Well, then that's telling you there's some room there and that it just could be bad ownership, bad operations, kind of like this last property, you know, because I I mean, I could go into that last property very easily with proper management and marketing and you'd get that 28 unit we just saw this one right under. Got &gt;&gt; no problem. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; No problem. &gt;&gt; Um, but yeah, based on what she's kind of sharing with me, they just don't have systems and operations. I guarantee they're self-managing it, which is fine. But then they don't have a property management software. They don't have good marketing to be able to show properties and get them in and do tours and turn units. They don't have a good turnover maintenance crew to turn units relatively quickly um to get them leased up. They're just they're not on it, right? And you got to be on it. &gt;&gt; Um it's just it's just that's what it takes, &gt;&gt; you know? It's what it takes. Especially if you're going through troubled property &gt;&gt; and you're trying to move the needle on it. &gt;&gt; You just got to get it. You got to get in there and get dirty. There's just no other way to do it. Um and then you get to the other side of it. So &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh yeah, she you like that phone call. I mean that you saw kind of how that works. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yep. That's Yeah, I definitely had no objections. That went pretty well. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Awesome, man. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you, Justin. Y &gt;&gt; uh yes. Uh hi. Let me bring you up here real quick, my friend. And then Chad, right behind that. &gt;&gt; Justin, can you hear me? &gt;&gt; I got you. &gt;&gt; All right. Thank you so much. Um, so my first question was, it's not really related to what we've been talking right now. Um, you always preach and everyone always says that you should make sure not to overlever and that's why you always say minimum 30% down. Mhm. &gt;&gt; I wonder um in our situation in the building we're in contract right now we have almost all of the rents are 25 to 30% under market plus there's a parking lot that the current owner doesn't charge and there is no rubs and that he doesn't charge for the storage units in the basement. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; I feel like we're getting a lot of equity. Is it still very risky to go for just 25% down if the lender is agreeing to that? Well, keep in mind it's it's 25% on the existing purchase, but it's really a you have two value ad plays there. You have an operational value ad, which I agree. I mean, that property has it could be it could be run so much better, right? It's a good owner. They've done a fair job, but it could be run so much better uh with more efficient management, operations, and systems to boost things and make that thing run like a business, right? He just they've owned it forever. Haven't done much to it. So, that's an great operational value ad play on that one. So, think about it if you're buying because what are you guys buying it for again? It's &gt;&gt; 17 &gt;&gt; 17 for the 22 units or 24 &gt;&gt; 20 25 and then &gt;&gt; 25 units. Yeah, for the 17 and what does it look like? Uh, I mean, I'd have to look at the proforma again, but let's say you do boost everything, you get the rubs in there, you know, what does that year 1 proform number look like in terms of um, if you went to the proforma tab? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Year two, call it year two, beginning of year two. What does the value show there? &gt;&gt; I'm going to have to check again. &gt;&gt; Okay. Do you have that in front of you? &gt;&gt; I'm checking it up right now. Just give me one second. &gt;&gt; And while I'm looking this up, let me ask you my other question. Regarding insurance, &gt;&gt; do most lenders require replacement value versus actual value or like the sales price? &gt;&gt; Uh, no. They'll go off replacement value. Like what does it cost if if the thing burnt down, right? Taking away the land and all that, just the building. Why why do why do they need more than what they're actually lending on &gt;&gt; more than they're lending? Well, they the loan &gt;&gt; because our building we're buying it for 1.7 replacement value. The insurance told me it's 5 million. So the current owner pays insurance400 because he has a very old policy and he has some things grandfathered in. But if we go now for a new policy, we would be at 13 to 15k. But if we need replacement value policy, it would be 22K. &gt;&gt; That's just a huge jump, &gt;&gt; right? Um well you so you want this because first of all if that is true and you're buying the property for 17 and in order to rebuild that property and the insurance companies know with a decent amount of accuracy because they have a lot of data to go off of. If they're saying it's going to cost $5 million to rebuild that exact same building in today's market, which based on the building being a mid-rise in there, they're probably not too far off, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; So, think about that for a minute. You're buying a which is beautiful by the way. You're buying a building for a million7 that you couldn't rebuild for any less than $5 million. That is a incredible pickup, &gt;&gt; just so you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, because you always Yeah. You always want to buy for less than replacement cost and you're doing it like less than half. Uh, which is unbelievable. Um, and that's just because the property is what it is and blah blah blah. So, um, I would want proper coverage. You should be thinking about it in that aspect. I would want proper coverage. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; sure. But if we're buying it for 1.7, I would be okay with coverage for &gt;&gt; let's say &gt;&gt; 2.5 or like something where we can pay all investors back cuz if this burns down, I'm just going to pay the investors and the bank back and I'll just go on with my life. I'm not going to rebuild this. &gt;&gt; The bank should be concerned for getting their money back, not for me rebuilding this. &gt;&gt; Um yeah, that's not how they look at it. That's not how Yeah, they they want to um because how uh they may not get their money back if you're just getting um because the insurance doesn't pay the loan or anything. The insurance is designed to build the building. &gt;&gt; That's why you have insurance. It has nothing to do with the loan. &gt;&gt; You're still responsible for the loan even if the building builds burns down. &gt;&gt; So, the insurance won't pay them. The insurance will pay me to build it. And the bank needs to make sure that they get their &gt;&gt; that you can build it and sell it as leverage. &gt;&gt; That's correct. That's correct. &gt;&gt; So that's how they look at it. They're not looking at it in the sense of, oh well, you know, just just give me enough to pay off the loan. No, the the the fire the insurance is making sure you can build the building again. And that's why they're going to look at it that way because that's the asset, right? The land is the land and then the building is the asset. And in order for us to get paid off, we have to build the building, get people in it, and that way we can sell it and pay us off. So that's how they're looking at it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; All right. About my first question about the 25%, Kelly had shared the numbers here in the chat. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, year two, two million. Yeah. So, uh, so I would almost look at it like that because if at year two you're 2.1 million and what's the loan you're getting on it? &gt;&gt; Um, don't remember what our last quote was, but &gt;&gt; like the like the loan amount thing. Oh, 1.2 million. Okay, cool. So, think about it. So, 1.2. So you're at about 71%. If you're getting a million-2 loan on a million7 property on the acquisition, that's about 70%. &gt;&gt; Right. And you're saying that they're saying that they'll go up higher. &gt;&gt; The mortgage broker said there's even a chance they'll offer us 80% LTV. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I wouldn't do that. Would I would I go? &gt;&gt; They definitely said 85. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So would you consider 75? Maybe. And let's let's take a look at this. &gt;&gt; 85. Um Yeah, 75. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So that would get you another 75 grand, right? Which is it's nice, right? And that that interest rate's better than investors and stuff. &gt;&gt; So you could play ball there because that million275 divided by this 2.2076 number. So by the end of year one, let's say sometime in year two, you're at a 61% loan to value, &gt;&gt; right? So you don't So you wouldn't consider it in our situation like going very much over leveraged. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's not too risky because once again it depends on the situation there. It's an operational play. So you're not having to put in a ton of money per se to get it up. You just need to operate the property with better systems, operations, all that into it. And then because of that, rents are going to go up, income's going to go up, the NOI goes up, and therefore the value goes up. And with that value being near $2.1 million on projections, even if it fell at a, you know, even if it fell at a million nine for simple math, right? Even if it was a million9, &gt;&gt; um, and you're at a million275 divided by the million9 number. I mean, I'm just working, that's still 67% loan to value. So, &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; you you guys are &gt;&gt; so going to be 25% down for just the first few months, but after a few months be much more, &gt;&gt; right? Because you're you're just going based off of the existing purchase price to to to um to loan value. Whereas, I'm saying, "Okay, great. But you're going to push this thing pretty quickly and within 12 months the value will be at a million nine." Well, now you're looking at a whole different party because you paid a million7, now you're at a million 9 or 2 million bucks with a loan of a million275 all day long. And now your revenue is up to pay it and you're at 67% loan to value. Um, totally fine. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's not over Yeah, that's not overleveraged. That's that's Yeah. You're just playing the game. So that that works. Yeah. But I wouldn't go any higher than that. Like I wouldn't hit an 80 or an 85. It's just you don't want to do that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Awesome, man. You bet. &gt;&gt; Cool. Everybody, any last question um before we finish up here? See everybody in here? Yeah, substantial discount. Yeah, that's a great I didn't even look at it that way until it was just mentioned around the um um my audio working testing. Yeah. um around the replacement cost. But if they're telling you it's going to be $5 million to rebuild the building, which you know, 25 units right there, mid-rise building, given permits and fees, construction costs where it's at, that doesn't surprise me because you got to remember you're going to you're going to have to build to 2026 2027 standards, &gt;&gt; right? Right. &gt;&gt; Because right now they have a lot of things just grandfathered in. and it doesn't have a sprinkler system and other things like that. &gt;&gt; Correct. So, you'd have to do all that on new bu building code and it'll be every bit of 5 million bucks. So, you're picking it up at 17. That's that's what you want to do. I mean, that's like real estate 101. So, that's great. That's great. &gt;&gt; Awesome, man. &gt;&gt; Uh Frank, you had asked broker mentioned that there are some section 8 units. How would you deal with mixed units like that? Would you go all in with section 8 or can you do market rent on all the units? You could do market rate on all the units. I'm not against section 8. Um but I I'm not a big all section 8 guy. Like I don't run that business model mainly because especially especially if it's out of state because the only way a section 8 property is going to run well and truly give you the returns is the screening process and the management has got to be like white on rice. I mean, you have got to just micromanage the living you know what out of it because your management company will not do that and they will let some bad section 8 in there and then if you're all section 8 on a 28 unit could be a little rough. You could get a call at 2 am when the building burns down. I'm just saying it's possible. So you want to Yeah, it's just not worth it. Uh now what I usually play is about 10%. 10% of your building section 8. So in this case if it's 30 units 10% would be 3 to four units of the 30 and there would be section 8 in there. The rest of a market rate you know because there is some benefits to section 8. I understand why people do it. It's the guaranteed rent and this and that and they have to hopefully maintain the property and maintain their unit to keep that voucher. Right. So, there's enough people that are in the lower income that are take care of stuff that care. Uh, unfortunately, if you take try and fill an entire complex, 30 units with all section 8, you're going to have to go through 150 people to find 30 good section 8s. And that's the point I'm trying to say is your management company, especially if you're out of state trying to man, no, they won't do it. And then you're gonna get some bad ombres in there and you're gonna be praying to baby Lord Jesus you didn't do it. Um it's just it's not worth it. I mean I I I get it. I get the section 8 model, but usually that section 8 model when it's all section 8 works when you can personally drive by that property and you're on it like white on rice or as some people would say like a fly on Sorry, that's my Thursday dad joke. All right. Um, all right everybody. Well, yeah, we're coming to the end here. Uh, hope that broker call was helpful. So, to kind of recap, you know, what we talked about today was one, you know, that that capital foundation stage in doing this mock deal stuff and hopefully kind of showing you some examples of other people that are in the community doing it and sending it out and having the conversations and building that initial warm audience with a database is key. And even sending it into the community because people are partnering. You're seeing Haim, Kelly, and Christine partnering on that 25 unit in Cleveland. Uh I know Chad and uh Jonathan are are partnering on uh the deals in uh Indiana and some other places now. And there's many others, many others. So the partnerships and collaboration are key. Also, on a side note, um for all of you, as we're kind of nearing and I hope you guys can all come, uh you'll get to meet some other folks, too. But come in here if you want to um register for the event in Dallas. Click on the events page right off of the main website and then you can just click because you're active. Click on here. It's going to &gt;&gt; really blow out of the &gt;&gt; take you right to that and you can click on the event calendar and coming up here in July you have the Dallas event. Click right on that and you could just register right in here and that way we have you set ready to go for Dallas. Um, we're bringing in some capital partners and lenders. We're meeting brokers there. We're going to have some big tour limo buses. We're going to be touring deals both days. Uh, as well as doing some in uh, in room workshop class stuff, networking, collaborating, have some fun, little social hour stuff going on there in Dallas. Uh, the main hotel is the Omni in Dallas. The Omni in Dallas. And, um, rock and roll. So, it should be a lot of fun. So yeah, if you want to go and register for that, it's coming up at the end of July, July 27th and 28th, which is a Monday, Tuesday, uh you can come in on a Sunday afternoon evening, two days and in and out, rock and roll, and then meet with everybody, collaborate. This is one of our larger networking events that we do. So I just want to remind you of that. We'll start sending out some more stuff on that so you can get registered and ready to go um for that in the community. So that is it from my end. Um, have a great rest of your day. Let's make some stuff. Let's do some mock deals and let's meet some people, get some brokers, get some deals, and have some conversations. And I want to see more contracts. All of you are putting stuff into contracts. So, I love seeing that. Let's do more and more and more. So, that way we even have a we that way we'll even have to set up a second Saturday call that has people coming in there. Right now, we have the Saturday morning calls where you come in if you're in contractor negotiating your deals. I would love to have to have a second one. That'd be great. So, all right everybody, have a great Thursday. We'll chat soon.