Hello, hello, hello. Come on in. See everybody's shiny faces coming in here. Happy Tuesday. Good to see you, Brandon. See who we got in here. Oscar, good to see you, sir. Doug, Sandy, awesome. Allan, Christian, good to see you. Mr. Michael, how's Indiana these days? It dropped off cold again. Uh &gt;&gt; oh. &gt;&gt; It was snowing today. It was snowing today. Yesterday I think it was uh 70 degrees. I'm not sure. &gt;&gt; Sounds like Midwest weather right there. &gt;&gt; One day one day it's 80, next day it's negative 300. So &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; that's how that works. So yeah, we'll let everybody come in. Uh yeah, I want to kind of get um have you guys share maybe some wins so far this week. I know it's earlier in the week, but you know, wins so far from last week as well. So update those. Bill, good to see you. How are you? &gt;&gt; I'm good. How you doing, Justin? &gt;&gt; Beautiful. &gt;&gt; Good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, from last week, if you remember on Thursday, we were kind of calling brokers. We were talking through some things. Then we said here on Tuesday that we'll go ahead and um do some of the kind of detailed stuff behind the scenes around the landing page for promoting a deal and working kind of in that uh arena a little bit on some of the logistical stuff. So, I was going to, you know, pull up kind of the website stuff in the back end and even the landing page specific to the a deal and kind of show you how some of the functionality works if you wanted to do some of the editing yourself. Or, of course, you know, you can have anybody that's um either Koya or Sherpa in the back end of the uh vendors and systems area uh for the business in a box. you know, they can help customize this stuff too if you're not comfortable doing it. But I'm going to show you kind of how it all works, you know, and why. So, um, because a lot of you guys thought that'd be helpful here today to go through that. So, and this really comes down to the section of the process around this. Uh, you got the business in a box. Fine. That's your website. That's the LLC. That's kind of all the logistical admin stuff around the business that you're setting up when you're coming in. And then you come around here to, okay, like we got a deal. We're going to do a mock deal and a mock setup. And many of you have done that, which is great. Uh, and you've set up the pitch decks. You've set up the landing page. You've set up a summary video. You guys have done a lot of this stuff to kind of mock up an actual deal as though it's going to happen. So that way you can warm up your network and everybody involved. And then when the deal actually really happens, well, you've already actually gone through the exercise because they like to say practice makes perfect. So um that's why we're doing this exercise here. I'll let everybody in here real quick. I see Johan coming in. Good to see you, Anoke. So perfect. So yeah, we're kind of focused around this area right here of the Capital Foundation, setting up the landing page, the pitch deck, all of that and going through that kind of mock deal and the landing page specific for it. So I'm going to share my screen. Uh but before we get going, anybody want to give any, you know, any wins, any losses? Uh is everybody still happy, excited about the US beating Dominican Republic on some tough calls? You know, I don't know that it matters, but some people thumbs up. That was wild game. Great game, though. Holy cow. &gt;&gt; It's a great game. Um, but yeah, any I think because Scott, I know you've already introduced yourself in here, but um, &gt;&gt; Bill, have you introduced yourself in here before? I think you have. &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah. Been in here for a little while. Yeah, &gt;&gt; you're great because &gt;&gt; Yeah, I just want to have you introduce yourself to the community and stuff if you have, but I remember you you already have, so that's good. &gt;&gt; Appreciate that. Uh, anybody else want to say anything or say hi or any kind of wins or losses um this last week. I know you had some good conversations with brokers this week. They're starting to send some offmarket deals. Do you want to describe that a little bit? I don't know if you're able to chat but or if or if you're driving on mute, one of the two, which is fine as well. I'll mute some of you in here. Okay. Yeah, let me share my screen. I'm going to walk through the back end of your um your CRM side of it. So that way you can see when you get to this point of deals. Um, and I'm I'm pulling up Brian. So, Brian, I know you're in here. You get to see yours. Um, so all of you in the back end of your CRM, you know, it looks like this. And when you come through, you have your websites, but then you're also going to have in this area for funnels. And funnels just like a single landing page. It's a page that you can send somebody that uh can showcase a deal specifically and not just be a whole website with multiple pages. It's just a single page landing page. And so when you come in here, you have a couple of them in here, but you'll have your deal uh funnel template for a specific deal. So you'll click on that. &gt;&gt; What's that? Oh, let make sure you mute yourself when you come in if you can. Sorry. I'll make sure it's in there. There. There we go. Um, so yeah, when you come in for the deal funnel, it's going to look like this. It's a single page, landing page, and you can click the edit button, and that'll bring you in to the editor. It'll load it up. And all of this is editable. Everything in here is editable. So, you can kind of see when you start scrolling over it how it highlights the different areas you can uh improve. So everything from the uh the navigation bar up top to the logo and all of that. So this is all editable. You can change all this stuff through editing everything links and all that. And then everything from the logo like the brand logo that's down here. You would just choose one. You know, you come in here. We could, you know, put Brian's logo in there. And then we would change, you could change the size of it. All this stuff can happen in here. Um let's see. See if that does that size change menu items. Oh, it's a spacing. Never mind. Let me go back. Is it that? There we go. Let me change that real quick. But all this stuff is editable in here. So you change the logo. Then let me change the sizing on it. should be the size here. Is it under general? Maybe it's underneath here. Oh, there we go. So, we could do 150 if we wanted that. You can kind of get it to the point where you like it sizing wise. So, see how it drops the sizing down on it by changing the pixels. And then any of this stuff can change. You can click on them and edit them. Edit the titles on them. You know, you can do whatever you want, right? So that edits all this stuff. And if you have a question, you know, you can unmute yourself and ask it, please, as we're kind of going through this. And the reason I'm doing this detail today is because a lot of you kind of requested it around because you're setting up this mock deal that you're doing and you're taking a deal that you've been analyzing it and you're going to actually go through the motions as though it's a real deal. You're going to set up the pitch deck. You're going to set up this landing page specific to the deal. You're going to be setting up a little summary video. It's a little five minute video of you uh sharing it. And if you guys have never used Loom before, right? It's free. You can obviously do a paid service on it as well, but it's free and you can download it. It's an app and you can create little screen share videos. So that way you could share anything and you could be on screen, a little blob down there on the right hand side, similar to what I am right now, and that way you could talk about your deal. You could share the pitch deck, you could share the website, you could share everything. And that creates a summary video. And that summary video is going to go right here on your main page. So that way it would look at the end of the day similar to something like this, like our fund. And you'd have a summary video here, right? Very similar to that. And that way anybody can come in and look at your deal. Um, but yeah, everything's editable in here. So here you'd come in here, you can edit this, change, download the pitch deck, and if you have the actual file, so what you would end up doing is uploading the file. Let's see what this loads to. So this actually button, I think it loads to a popup. Yeah. So it opens up your popup. That's what it's saying. it links to is your popup. You can have it linked to anything. You can have it linked to the actual file. &gt;&gt; You could have it linked to a website. &gt;&gt; You can have it linked to a lot of things. Did you have a question? &gt;&gt; The loom link. &gt;&gt; What's that? &gt;&gt; That's just the Loom link, right? Or are you actually uploading the video? &gt;&gt; Uh you Oh, so for the actual video, Excuse me. I'll show you how to do that. So, I'd come right in here, click on this. Two ways to do your video. You can do it as an HTML like embed file, right? You can take that from YouTube or you can take like an embed. They have the embed URLs and stuff. So, you'd actually just come down here and take code. &gt;&gt; Drag it over. Should populate it right there. See where it highlights it? Right there. &gt;&gt; So, now it's got a code in there. And then you would put uh the actual open up the code. You paste it right in. So I can take anything in there and paste it in there. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; And that way it would show up. Is that does that answer your question? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then you're just doing single property website, right? Built in GHL. &gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. That's all this is. Just a simple landing page. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. &gt;&gt; That's that's in your back end and it's a one-page thing. So like if you look at ours, you'll see that I it goes to a URL that we created. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it just goes to the single page. That's it. &gt;&gt; Cool. And that's like when you when you click on this, no different than yours, it opens up the the popup, &gt;&gt; people put in their info, and then that goes straight into your CRM that's already there. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; And then it'll allow you to download it. So, if I came in here to ours and just put in some numbers, whatever it is, I don't know what that is. Uh, that one there. There we go. And just put in an email. Click submit. It's now going to let me download the file. So now it loads it up. &gt;&gt; Sweet. &gt;&gt; And now anybody can download your pitch deck and it's all in there. Um so it's a nice little feature in there. Um but yeah, everything's editable in here. You add the video in. So now it's a custom HTML. need to click on that um copy and paste the code from YouTube and embed code or anywhere you may have your video. If it is a Loom video, you can actually go to Loom and get an embed code. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Embed that. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; So, all of that's done inside here. &gt;&gt; And our vendors know how to do this. So, once again, if you wanted to use Koya or Sherpa to come in here and and do it all for you, you can. Um and that'll be in here. But that way you can come in and edit everything. So, I would change my title to whatever, right? 123 East Street property. Change all of my stuff in here to whatever I need it to be and set all this stuff up. Getting ready to get started. Want to learn more? You can put another video here. Highlights about the property. You want the description, but all this is just editable text. It's all in place. You're just going to come in here and edit it specific. So you could change this stuff here that's in line with what you need. Here's the opportunity. So hey, we're going to be holding it for, you know, 3 to 5 years. Capital raising. Here's the amount of money. We're going to be doing XYZ. So you can, this is all editable text. Does that make sense? So that way you can come in here and actually set up specific to your um your deal. Um, and and Justin, is this then the the link that you said that you keep on your phone basically that you send to everybody that that's this this link with everything? &gt;&gt; Correct. That's correct. So then like inside of um like whatever your domain is for example like you know in in in Brian's case it's uh redaliaholdings.com right? Okay. So then what you know this page is going to be here and I'll show you this in a second is if he comes in here and we go back I'll just do that. We'll save anything. You'll notice under settings right? So I'm going to select the domain as redia holdings. I can change this path to whatever it is here. I can say 123 East Street deal, right? If that's what it is. So that way now that's all saved and save those settings. So then now I come into if I view this, see how it's now the URL is here. So that's now my URL. So, I can go ahead and copy this, save it on my phone in my notes. My website's ready to go. So, that way if I were to come in here and paste this. Whoops. Let me copy that again. And now it should pull up. Obviously, it needs to be edited, right? But you get the point. Once it's all edited and saved, it'll now be that website. And now he's got his URL specific to the deal. You can save that on your phone. You can share it with people. You're in a backyard barbecue. Whatever it is you want to do. Now you have a landing page specific to your deal. That's got your summary video on it. It's got your pitch deck linked into it attached. It's got all the information on one page that you can send to somebody and they can review it. They can download the pitch deck. They can watch your video. They can get very comfortable with your deal right from that single page. And this is all part of what you guys get. It's all included. So, it's, you know, you have your website and then you have the landing page and landing page for every single deal that you do. And it's a very valuable tool because now this is how you start raising capital. This is how you start breeding confidence and trust in your network. and our community and our network, really anybody you come into contact with. Because one of the biggest hurdles that a lot of people feel they have is how do I get people to trust me when they've only known me as, you know, a truck driver my whole life or this or you contractor my whole life. Well, you're setting the stage for starting to tell the story and connect a new identity along with your current one that yeah, you're a truck driver and a multif family investor. You're this and you're that. And you do it by exuding a professional look and feel about your company, who you are, what you're doing. You're growing this multifamily business. Hey, I'm doing a deal. Even though it's going to end up being a mock deal that's not going to go through, that's not the point. You're basically taking them through your practice session with you. And then when the D real deal happens, they're going to be very familiar with this process. So the confidence and the trust is already kind of pre-built uh for everyone involved. Okay. So that's really key. Any questions on this kind of so far, you know, and kind of why, you know, we're doing it, but it's all editable. You'd come right into it. So you're going to find it under your sites area in your back end and then you come in under funnels because that's essentially what this is. And you'd have your deal template right here. And you can go ahead and start editing again. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; And then if you need, you know, if you get caught or stuck or whatever that is, of course, you can ask us a question, but you can also use, you know, Koya or Sherpa who helps set up your site in general to help edit this as well. And they can make sure it's all sharp, locked, and loaded and ready to go. And then that way you have your landing page set and you have your um your pitch deck uploaded to it and your URL in place which I just showed you how to do pretty easily. &gt;&gt; Where's the &gt;&gt; and then you just record a little five 10 minute video and and you see the ones that I've done like the one that's on ours is just literally me going through the pitch deck. &gt;&gt; It's a YouTube video that we put out there and it's just me sharing the pitch deck and talking about it for 30 minutes. literally the whole thing. Um, and it doesn't need to be that long, by the way. Yeah, just that's just the way I did this one. But, you know, little 10-15 minute video, trust me, after that 10 or 15 minute video, people are going to get a good feel for you as a human being and hey, is this the type of person that I could, you know, invest money alongside and go into a deal like this? Uh, and most of the people are your network, but it's going to share with them and breed confidence that, okay, you know, I thought that, you know, Christian was just a finance guy. You know, I didn't know he's doing multif family apartments. This is pretty cool. He seems like he knows what he's talking about. this is great, you know, and and then what's going to happen is that whether it's this deal or the next one, now they're going to have the confidence that, okay, if I give you 25 grand, 50 grand, 100 grand, whatever it is, that you actually understand, you know, how to take a property through this process and it breeds the confidence. So, that's why it's so important. I feel like I should I should go get my Brennan uh you know, Patrick's St. Patrick's Day t-shirt on. many of them that uh are St. Patty's Day and they have uh nothing more Irish than a Brennan. &gt;&gt; Definitely. &gt;&gt; Patrick, if you're not Patrick or uh Murphy, uh what are some other really good Irish last names? Anybody know them? &gt;&gt; Oh my god, &gt;&gt; those are the big ones. &gt;&gt; Who in here is Irish, by the way? Okay, perfect. Love it. Even if you have 25% Irish in you, that counts. &gt;&gt; O'Brien. O'Brien. Justin. O. &gt;&gt; O'Brien is about as Irish. That's pretty close to as Irish as you can get. That's pretty close. &gt;&gt; They have many They have many bars named after you. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; for sure. Um, Kurt, I think you've gone through this process. Uh, did you actually edit your own little landing page or do you have somebody do it for you? I had COA set it up and then I went and revised and made changes. Where's the one button for settings to change the domain name? &gt;&gt; What's that? &gt;&gt; Where is the one button to get to settings to change the domain name that you showed a second? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let's uh take it into yours real quick for example. So you just have that high point clone and everything, right? Because we're the we're sub accounts to your main account, &gt;&gt; correct? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm in there now. So &gt;&gt; come in here real quick. Okay, got it. &gt;&gt; That's just your template. &gt;&gt; So yeah, what you would end up doing here is you'd click on your dealfunnel template. You're going to come into settings right here. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Got it. &gt;&gt; And you're going to see how it doesn't have a domain. It does. Now it has Wannabu capital up here. &gt;&gt; So that's attached. And then what you would do is change the path right here &gt;&gt; to whatever it is you want to path it as. So if it's, you know, one two three East Street, you know, deal, you would name it as such. Go ahead and save it. It's going to give you a little notification popup. And now you're saved. So then when you actually go, if you want to click on this little thing up here, it says, "What is my funnel URL, it's going to pop this open and you'll now see your funnel URL is wannabe capital/1234 East Street Deal." &gt;&gt; Got it? &gt;&gt; And you can copy that, save it. You can even launch it right here by clicking this button to launch it. And now your URL is right there. &gt;&gt; What did you hit? Where did the Where was the launch button? Uh, right here. &gt;&gt; I don't have that &gt;&gt; next to the info one up top. &gt;&gt; I don't have that button. &gt;&gt; You don't? If you're in the funnel, uh, &gt;&gt; and I'm on the same page as you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Dealunnel template. Are you in this page here? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. You don't have these up top? &gt;&gt; I do. I have two of them. I just don't have launch. &gt;&gt; Oh, the visitunnel URL one. this little thing, the icon. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's there. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Click on that. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Yeah, &gt;&gt; there you go. &gt;&gt; Just brings it to you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, yeah, that's just taking you to that URL. So, now you have it and now you have your landing page for your deal and you can make as many of them as you want for each deal that you're doing and promoting and bring in everybody into that. So that way if you're at a backyard barbecue, if you're at your kids soccer games and sports and you're running in chatting to somebody and they're like, "Yeah, man. Send me over some info." I mean, listen, any salesperson on planet Earth would tell you, you always strike when there's a bird in hand, right? Period. Like you that's you don't like, oh, you know, I'll get to it tomorrow, right? I mean, that's just not how what you'll, and if you don't, I know you most of you know this, but money loves speed and money loves making money. Money loves speed and money loves making money. So, I I've always said now is the time. Like, no, no, why why wait till tomorrow? Let's go right now. Right? You know, why why why hesitate? No, let's let's go. And so that way you send it over to them, they have it, they can review it, you do a little quick little touch base with them in a day or so and see if they've had a chance to to look at it. &gt;&gt; And keep in mind, the greatest part about it is you're never asking them to invest. And we've talked about this because it's it's the greatest kind of feeling because nobody ever wants to be sold. They always want to be invited. I mean, think about it. No one, we don't, none of us here ever want to be felt like we're sold, but we would love to be invited to something. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Invited to an opportunity. So rather than asking anybody for money, it's, hey, you know, &gt;&gt; uh, you know, Sandon, do you know anybody that may have some interest in this thing? Do you know anyone? &gt;&gt; Not do you. Do you know anybody that may have some interest in this opportunity? And you may say, well, you know, I you I don't know. Maybe. Can you send me some information? Sure can. Here's my link. You know, here's my link. Yeah, send it out to anybody you may know and you I'll touch base with you. I really appreciate you you doing that because I I didn't even ask Sand it. And he's going to look at the link. He's going to download the pitch deck. He's going to open up the email. He's going to send it to his friend, too. But then the first thing he's going to do is, "Let me take a look at this thing. Let me see what Let me see what Justin's up to." And then you're going to look at it, and you're going to, you know, you may like it, you may not. Who knows? Um, but if you do, you're probably then when I reach back out to you and I say, "Hey, did you happen to take a peek at it and send it to your buddy?" You know, "Yeah, I did. I sent it to my buddy and but I'm curious, Justin, why didn't why didn't you ask me if I had some interest? I think this seems pretty cool." &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; And then I'm going to say, "Listen, Son, I didn't want to impose upon our friendship. You know, we're friends. I just didn't I don't know. I just didn't want to impose upon that. So, I figured I'd ask, you know, who you may know, but if you have interest, I'd love to chat with you about it." &gt;&gt; I do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, let's dive in. What questions do you have specifically? Have you had a chance to look at? Well, okay, looking at this, tell me about the returns. Tell me about how long the money's out. What's the minimum to get involved? You know, you know, just basic understanding and they've already looked at some of the info, including the summary video and the pitch deck. So, they have most of their questions answered. I think they're just really probably at that point gauging you a little bit. &gt;&gt; Um, but that's how that that's how that process will actually go. um in in achieving some some uh some folks that are interested. Um Kurt, have you because you you've raised capital on other things whether it's been other real estate things outside of multif family, right? I believe you have. Maybe not syndicating per se, but you've raised &gt;&gt; what's that? &gt;&gt; No. Correct. &gt;&gt; You have or have not. &gt;&gt; I have raised money from friends and family andor people in the real estate community, clients on a small scale. Y &gt;&gt; mostly for shortterm flips, set first seconds, um equity stakes, things like that, but not at a multif family level. &gt;&gt; Got it. But the concept's the same, right? If you're &gt;&gt; No, this is better. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. I mean, well, yeah, it's safer, right? I mean, it's actually an easier sell. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm just saying like people just know who I am and they know I do this, so they just give me money, right? I don't I don't even I mean I have a real estate website I guess per se with my reputation and namesake but not like per deal, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh when it comes to like pitching a a flip and you know it's like hey I got this flip. We're going to buy it for this sell it for this give me you know &gt;&gt; 100 grand and and you're going to get 12% on your returns and you're going to beiz by note &gt;&gt; and you know with them being securized by note it's not too much of a deal like I don't have a whole presentation like this. &gt;&gt; Got it. Got it. Yeah. Um but yeah, I mean this is pretty much how money gets raised. It's it's um the greatest part about it is yeah, you're not asking anybody for money. You're providing an opportunity. Um and you always want to be out there having the conversation and never being silent about it. Um and I always am an open boat. If we're in the if we're in the midst of raising capital for things, I'll have the conversation with anybody, like I I'll have the conversation with the the gas station attendant, you know, if I go inside to to buy a drink, I mean, and they're at the cash register and they're like, "Yo, how's your day going? My day is great, man. Just dealing with some fires and putting out on some deals and stuff." What do you do? I buy multif family and we do it with investors around the country. Really? That's super interesting. You know, my friend's looking to get into that. You just know. don't know where it's going to go. So, but it's always being open to this a general conversation. &gt;&gt; What I will say for everyone, Justin, you know, is like once you deliver for somebody, right, if if they're able to just getting money in the initially in the beginning can be very hard. Um, but if you're able to put a deal and you operate this property and you do what you say you're going to do, after that, people just want to throw money at you. They just it's like it's I know so many people who raise money and don't even have anywhere to put it because so many people hear about it, friends and family, etc., etc., etc., with all these funds, you know, you know, um, so once you do it and you deliver, it gets a lot easier after. Sure. &gt;&gt; And I'm sure you've experienced that through your career. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And then on on the flip side, right, if you um in in my experience, if if there's ever a deal that's not going well, okay, the worst thing you could do is not communicate, right? The best thing you can do is to overcommunicate. I mean, to give you an example, we have a deal in Texas. It's been one of the hardest deals that I've ever had. I mean, it's just a tough operational property and we're fighting through it, but we've overcommunicated. We've talked. We do videos. I mean, out the yin-yang, you know, and I'll if an investor has a question, I'm having a phone conversation with them. And yes, are some of those phone conversations tough? Yeah, they are. But I'd rather have that than no communication at all because then people start wanting to, you know, think the worst and then they, you know, like give you another example of like there's a uh and I won't name what it is. So like so my brother and I invested with this guy that's uh starting a new cryptocoin and uh he's a younger kid in his in his 20s. He's just now learning how to have like investor etiquette, like how to communicate, how to not overpromise and underperform, like all these little things that go on in the process of raising capital. And you know, he's getting it now, but um you know, it's been a road for him to understand like listen, you as anybody would give if you give somebody capital, you just want good communication whether it's good or bad, but you just want communication. So that way everybody can kind of stay on the on the uptrend on it. So that's key to it. Um does anybody kind of kind of looking at this um whether you're a techie person or not and if you're a complete non- techy that's totally fine. That's why we have you know the vendors and people in the back end that can do this for you. But if you've ever it's it's a lot of it's plugandplay and drag and drop, right? I mean I can literally come over here to this little plus sign. I can add any element I want. You can just scroll down. If I wanted to add a header in here, you know, wherever I wanted to do some things, I could add it in and just type it in, right? Anything I want. Um, everything, videos, text, social stuff, anything I want, right? I can make it as fancy as I want. Um, little dividers, all kinds of stuff. All kinds of stuff you can add in. So, but it's it's pretty drag and drop um for the most part. And then you can edit each section. Like if you want to edit the background, right? Because you got to edit the background. Just tap on it. It highlights it. See the green? And then you're going to come over here. You're going to change the background image. You can see the background image right here. I just change it. Click on this. And I see all Curt's images in here. I'm just going to double click on this guy. And now change the background to whatever I want. So that way you can kind of see how you can edit this thing. And it's pretty straightforward. It's just a single landing page. But that way you can have this page done uh with your pitch deck attached to it and your summary video and like you're looking super official. I mean you you'd be shocked. I mean I can guarantee you for every hundred you know general partner syndicators out there um only the large guys do this, right? the small guys, meaning somebody doing a little 30 unit, 20 unit, 10 unit, maybe two out of, you know, 20% would actually do a landing page for their deal. So, it just sets you above the rest, right? you're you're setting a standard and a benchmark for both yourself, your business, any people, your network, anybody, you know, building that trust, especially if you've never done it before, right? I mean, if you think about it, it's um it's no different than anything. You you want to build trust and confidence, and that comes by almost overd delivering on, you know, how the presentation looks, what you're talking about, all of that stuff. And then of course then you got to deliver on the deal. Um Kelly, I see you in there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um so obviously we have one deal going at the at a time right now as we're getting going. Do you just keep replacing it or do you keep those as kind of your previous options to share as past opportunities? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I would come in here honestly come right back. I can come right here. Deal funnels. Let's say I I set this up. I could rename it, right? Come in here and I could rename this thing to 1 2 3 4, you know, East Street deal, right? And just name it that. Save it. And it's already set up. It's got my logos and everything on it. I'm just going to change it on a per deal basis. So now I could come back to my list and I could just duplicate it. It'll clone it. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, I would absolutely just clone the deals and rename them each time and then change all the images and photos and stuff on there that are specific to the deal. That's how I would do that. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, absolutely. I was just wondering, do you keep them up kind of to show other examples of deals that you've done? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you keep them up long term. Yeah. Yeah. There's no reason to take them down. And the only way people get to them is with that unique URL, &gt;&gt; right? So, it's not like I mean the only other way they would get to them is if you if you had it on your actual you know if you had like a drop down list here on your actual website, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; You could do it there. You could have the drop-own list of all the deals. You could do that. So, that could showcase all of your deals. No different than we have on ours in a way, right? where people can come in here and they can check out the portfolio and they can see all of our deals and then they can see the map of where all of our stuff's at. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And this is a little free tool called MapMe, by the way. It's called Map Me. It's a little free tool. You can pay for a paid version, but we just just map everything out. So that way someone can click on this and it gives them a whole breakdown of the deal and where it's at. Um, see where we got &gt;&gt; any of this stuff here. It's got the photos and stuff that way people kind of, you know, see the portfolio &gt;&gt; and all that stuff. &gt;&gt; That looks good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then obviously they can click on the detail pages in here. Um but you know ours is more elaborate now because we've been doing it longer so you can understand that. And then we added some other things in here called before and after so that way if people want to know, hey, how do we renovate deals? You can come in here to all the projects and we had some little custom coding done on some sliders to kind of show you after before. So you can kind of see what we do. Um, like this one here, which some some of you have been to, right? That was the before. Little rough. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; That's the after, right? &gt;&gt; That's great. &gt;&gt; Uh, same thing with this one. You know, looking a little rough. &gt;&gt; People can kind of see. Okay. Well, kind of looks like they know what they're doing, right? Uh, this one here. &gt;&gt; And that's great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. and then interiors and stuff. So, look, you know, looking a little rough. Popcorn ceilings, 1960s, you know, turn it into that, but that way you can see that end of it. You know, you don't need this stuff now, but you know, we started doing it because I was I was going around looking at some other um who was it? Was it Viking Capital? I think it's Viking Capital. Yeah, these guys. Or was it these guys? There's a different website where they did a cool kind of before and after thing. I liked it. I'm like, "Okay, I like that. That's that's nice. That's a nice uh nice touch to kind of show that, you know, how they renovate buildings and stuff." Um, but all that stuff can can happen. So, that's all down the road, but we've given you some really great tools to be able to set up the websites, the landing pages, everything in there to give you a very similar effect um as you're getting going on the first deals. So, um any any other parts of the kind of this detail that I can go over because we're going to we're spending today on it specifically because I know a lot of you are in the process of doing your mock deals and setting those up. So, you wanted to know, hey, how do I edit the landing page and how do I do it? That's why I wanted to go over that today and answer any questions now that we have some minutes left here about it. Um, and I think you guys all know the pitch deck process and summary video process. Um, but is there any specific questions around kind of the how do I edit this stuff in the back end? Uh Justin, how do you get all that material in that in that specific place so you can use it for your landing page? Is that something? &gt;&gt; Yep. So, a couple different ways. You can come in here to media storage. So, right down here, you can actually click on this. This has all your media for your website. You can also bulk upload in here, too. I could come in here and add all kinds of photos and stuff, right? And that way, I have it all in my media storage. And then once you actually then go to do your site, you can pull from that media. So I'd come in here. So anytime I click on a photo or something inside the website, even if I wanted to change the uh the background, I just click on it. See how it makes it green right here? It's highlighting it. No different than if I scrolled over these guys and made highlight that, highlight this, highlight that, and click on it. It brings up the stuff on the side. So, if I want to change the image on the background, just go ahead and click on it. You can see how it highlights it. You see the background image right here. I can make it a video if I wanted to. In this case, it's an image. You can see it already has the image in there, but I'm going to change that. So, I'm going to click on this little button right here. It's going to open up my media storage. So, now I can make that whatever I want. I can click on that. Now, I just changed the background in there for you. Um, a couple people. Oh, Matt's in here. Got. Um, but yeah, that's how you can change the background and stuff on it. Does that answer that that question for you, Christian? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yes. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Um, anybody else? You guys are looking so excited here on a Tuesday evening. Just kidding with you. Um, yeah, I wanted to make sure we spent some time on this. We can also have the recording of it, too, because we'll put this up. So, if you need to go back and, you know, see, hey, how do I edit my landing page or do I just have Koi or Sherpa do it, fine, but that way you have some detail on how to get to it, how to edit it, how to change the uh the link, so the domain is all there, and now you have this landing page specific to your deal. So, what I would love is how many people will commit to having a mock deal done next week with the landing page and the summary video and the pitch jack. I mean, I know it's it's a lot, but trust me, you're going to like feel so good if you pulled it off when you pull it off that you'll like it'll kind of bring a lot of things together for you. So, in going through that uh that process, which is a lot to do, but you know, um you'll learn a ton going through it. So, we got one committ, we got Sandon over here committing. &gt;&gt; I'm in brother. &gt;&gt; Geez. I'm hoping mine will be a real one. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; I'm in, man. &gt;&gt; Kelly's gonna make it a real one. I like it. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Kelly, go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Listen, even if it is a a a potential real one that isn't real real yet, run it through like it is. There's no reason why not to, right? Even if you're just working on it, no reason why not to. Just treat it as such. Um, &gt;&gt; Madson &gt;&gt; because I know Christian's done it. I know Kurt's done it. Many of you have, but um, yeah, it's very, very valuable. So, Haimey, you're going to do it, right? I see you. You do it. I got the feeling. &gt;&gt; Yes, I'll commit. I'll commit. &gt;&gt; All right. I like it. I like it. Anybody else? Can we get one more? And that way we can show all of you off next week. I'll put you all on the spot beautifully. But yeah, you you guys will love it and it'll it'll give you some pride, too, that hey, like I got it done, a lot of work, but I have, you know, this mock deal that in my mind is a real deal and we're going and then it's just a matter of uh running the process. So, but I think you'll like it. Uh that's all I had for kind of show and tell this evening, but I wanted to kind of leave a few minutes for Q&amp;A on really anything. So any kind of questions that you may be running into around with brokers, the process, um the roadmap, any of the tools, anything you're kind of using in the back end, um any of that so far? Johan, good to see you, sir. &gt;&gt; Hey, how are you? Justin up there. &gt;&gt; Nice to meet you guys. Quick question for you. We've been analyzing a bunch of deals here in South Florida and um it's been actually really tough uh to get some of the margins um um there. So what what I wanted to ask you was um do you think on current market conditions um is it is it viable to locate a deal that uh uh does have to be that that is stabilized or it's only value added deals uh because when we've seen even even uh when we've run the numbers with Matt try to reduce 20 even 30% of the sales price. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I mean numbers are not coming up uh uh even on even on perform uh values not even on current uh so so we're we're we're man I mean it's it's really difficult I mean &gt;&gt; so we went around it by you to see if it's if it's the market and we need to start looking somewhere else or these are these are not offmarket deals these are I guess already um um publicly traded uh I guess publicity deals but &gt;&gt; market so um Who was it sent? Because did you send one in uh using the deal analyzer yet? I think you did. &gt;&gt; No, we've we've analyzed ourselves. Uh uh we haven't sent it in uh for because at the end I mean the numbers were so low that you know it didn't make any sense not to even send it. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. I mean it. So what I the way I look at that is if if you're putting in the broker's numbers, if you're literally taking the numbers from the broker's financials, OM, all that stuff and plugging those in and backing into a um price point and you can't hit metrics at all, like not even close. I mean, I I usually will talk to the broker. I mean, I because it's always a great conversation because if I put in their numbers and they're trying to tell me the property is making X type of return and then I'm like, what do you like, what does this thing do? Like, I can't even get a loan on it, right? So, then I'm I'm talking to the broker to build the relationship because I'm trying to understand, how are they underwriting this thing or what's on the seller's mind? If I've used your numbers and I'm not hitting even a a 10% return, annual return because it's so bad, then you're right. It doesn't matter what you do. So then it could be obviously due to the location. So a lot of times in the South Florida markets, things are pretty pricey and things may not pencil. So that's why you got to open up where we're looking. And if we need to go into other areas of Florida or even the Southeast, that's probably something to look at. &gt;&gt; Oh, &gt;&gt; yeah. Okay. &gt;&gt; Because the South Florida Yeah. South Florida market, that's going to be super tight &gt;&gt; and you know, similar to even Southern California, um, people have to put a lot of money down and they don't even see a lot of cash flow on them because they're what they're doing is they're buying appreciation. And you can buy appreciation later, like once you you have the money, call it, because then it's called wealth preservation. But when you're trying to make money and grow wealth right now, &gt;&gt; you can't be in wealth preservation mode. It doesn't work. &gt;&gt; Correct. Let me ask you, would it be that a seller sometimes I mean they don't care. They're looking for somebody to come in cash and and they're not taking it into account into account u actual loans &gt;&gt; because I mean when you put the when you put the loan I the debt service expense. I mean that's what all numbers go off. &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah. And the and the financing is a really critical piece. Correct. So, um, they do they expect cash? No. &gt;&gt; But could somebody do that? I mean, there's enough money in South Florida that that can happen. So, therefore, you know, they kind of wait for that to see if that does happen. &gt;&gt; So, that's not that's not uncommon. It's not uncommon. So, that's why you have to open it up to certain markets where you don't you're not seeing as many cash deals. You got normal financing going on. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. Thanks. Yeah, you bet. Yeah, very that's a good question. Yeah, because I mean once again it'd be one thing if you, you know, if the broker's numbers work and then your numbers don't, but if the broker's numbers, if you're literally putting in dollar for dollar what the broker is doing in that deal analyzer and then working your way backwards to a return and it's not penciling out at all. I mean, then my conversation is with the broker. I mean, use it at use it as literally a conversation tool. Say like, "Yo, you know, Greg, I put in your numbers. This is what I'm getting." Like, "Am I missing something?" &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What's that? &gt;&gt; But to but in there. It's It's kind of what uh what what you're saying, you know, we put in the numbers and we put in the broker's numbers as well. And uh it pencils out right before the depth service is put in. And then then after you then after they take out the loan, it cash flows like 10,000 15,000 a year, which obviously doesn't make any sense. &gt;&gt; Correct. Unless you put a ton of money down. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Right. But if you're going to put a ton of money down, then you're not going to get a return for you and investors. &gt;&gt; So that's where my conversation comes into with the broker. And I'd be saying, "Hey, Mr. Broker, you know, what is the seller thinking we can do with financing?" I mean, are you getting cash offers on this thing or are you getting financed offers on this thing? Oh, well, we're getting financed offers. Okay. Well, h I mean, I'm just using a normal 6% interest rate, which I know it's going to be that with 30% or even 35% down. &gt;&gt; And then the broker's like, well, you know, you're probably going to need to do 50 or 60% down. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then then you're like, well, listen, John, I I appreciate that, but if I put 60% down, Yeah. My cash may be there, but I get no return. And I can't raise all the money from somebody. Oh, well, this is really set up for a high net worth doctor that just wants to buy it outright for themselves and they are just trying to preserve wealth, you know, maybe 1031 exchange, buy this 20 unit for themselves, high net worth individual, they can put 60% down and just park money for five years. Okay. How's that working out for you guys so far? Looks like you're on the market 165 days. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; So, I mean, &gt;&gt; why don't you just take it off the market? I mean, because clearly the seller's not motivated and there's not like buyers dripping over this thing trying to buy it that are trying to quote unquote preserve wealth. So, I'm just curious. I'm not trying to be rude, but I'm just curious because I mean that doesn't make a lot of sense to me. So clearly the seller is not that motivated and you don't have enough buyers who are like dripping over it to give you 60% down money. &gt;&gt; Question Justin, is it we had one deal where they were I mean price was we thought off the you know way off market uh on the on the upper side but they were offering seller financing. So we were okay we were wondering okay what I mean even if they offer seller financing what would you think because I know I mean on on a regular bank transaction you would need at least 30% right or 20 35% depending on the deal &gt;&gt; but do you think somebody may be willing even if you go a little bit higher on the sales price &gt;&gt; or I mean or closer to the asking price they would be willing to uh do it u with lesser down payment. Yes, of course they would. Um, if you can get it to pencil, right? That makes sense. I mean, listen, if you can creatively finance anything without having to involve a bank and use the seller as your bank, it's all a bank. &gt;&gt; I mean, I don't care where it's coming from, if they got a first trusted loan on that sucker &gt;&gt; and they can finance it under better terms because what you may be able to get from the seller is interest only, &gt;&gt; right? Yeah. You could go into the deal, do a fiveyear seller financed. You guys put 20% down versus 30. Interest rate is 5 a.5% maybe you get good debt 5 and a half% fixed for five years interest only. &gt;&gt; That is a big difference &gt;&gt; between principal and interest. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; 20% down interest only for five years at five and a half% that will change your numbers very very quickly. Got it. &gt;&gt; I would look at that all day long. I mean, if you can get the seller to kick in, I mean, to give you a perfect example, um I mean, we've have we've had many seller financed deals here in the community, but uh take Hayden and Matt like on their first 10 unit building. Uh the seller gave them 800 grand as seller financed at 5 a.5% interest only. And they didn't have to even get a bank loan. They just brought in the rest of the money with a few investors, closed on it, seller financed it, and then they went in and did the rena and and and renaed it and did it. And then I think by now they probably getting ready to finance the seller out, you know, of that seller financing. But then now they've had the runway to do it and the timing and the thing has made sense. So, sure, if the seller will finance your deal, I will take that every day of the week and twice on Sundays over bank financing, even if you pay a little bit more because if they can structure it, because that's I mean, it's always a give and take. So, my response to the the broker or the or the seller would be, "Yeah, man. I can probably give you a million three. I can give you an extra couple hundred grand or 100 grand more or whatever if we if you're considering seller financing. I can come in with 20% down. Let's figure out an interest rate that makes sense. You know, let's call it 5 a half%. But I need it to be interest only, right? You're in a good equity position. 20% down interest only for five years. And that's great. And and why is it beneficial to the seller? Number one, they're not having to pay capital gains. It's a big ticket. They avoid capital gains taxes by having a lump sum now. They get to generate income on top of it. I mean, if they don't need all the money right now, I mean, and even if it's a 6% interest rate, if they can get a 6% interest rate on their money, they don't have to do any of the work and they're in a first trustee positioning, they're praying every single day that you default. I would I would literally pray every day that you default on that loan so that way I get the money plus the property back. This would be sweet. Like literally, I'd be praying to baby Lord Jesus every single day that you would default. So that way I can take the property back and get my money and my interest and all that stuff on top of it. And great. I mean, that'd be sweet. So, uh there there's it's mutually beneficial. They avoid taxes. is they get money on their money because what are they going to do with it, right? They get all that money out and they're going to go stick it in some other account that's going to earn interest, some other investments earning interest and they're going to pay capital gains taxes on it unless they do that and move it into something else. So, it's a great way to get them to have a huge benefit and they're going to get a price typically better than what they would get otherwise because they're able to do seller financing versus traditional banking. So, they get more money on price, money on their money, avoid capital gains. Those are probably the three biggest benefits to a seller financing deal for them. For them, uh they finance the the rental budget through equity. So, they brought in the reno dollars through equity. They didn't finance it through the loan. And you know, and keep in mind, when you finance through the loan, your interest rates going to almost double. you know, you're going to go from a 6 and a half% interest rate to a 9 to 12% interest rate because now you're going from a normal uh acquisition type loan to kind of like a bridge debt shortterm two and three-year loan that you're just using to acquire and reno the property. So, think of it like hard money, but for an apartment building. Same concept. It's no different than if you were flipping a house. Same concept, right? short-term debt to let you get the property moving and then you're going to refinance them out. So, you just have to be prepared for that. So, it changes the game when you bring in rena dollars. So, usually I've always reserved it in your case on a smaller building. If it were over about 400 grand, I would add the renovation dollars into the loan because that's kind of where you're you're at that threshold of capital raising where it probably makes sense to put that into the loan versus trying to raise that money through the equity. But anything under about 400 grand, I would keep it as a not part of the the loan if you can. If you can. So awesome everybody. Any other last questions before we finish up? I see uh Christian, you're committing. I love it. Several of you others. Awesome. So yeah, I'm looking forward to &gt;&gt; one more repeat question. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So I'm sitting here trying to put in the popup. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; For download the deck. &gt;&gt; Yes. And I see where it says popup, but how do I get it to link to the pitch deck? &gt;&gt; Yeah, let me show you. &gt;&gt; Sorry, I know you showed it. And I &gt;&gt; No, no, it's a good question because actually I did not show this part. &gt;&gt; So, see up here on top? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So, if I'm here, obviously, like you said, if I click on the little button, &gt;&gt; right, that's going to bring it to the popup, and that's all fine. You're like, oh, but what do I do? So, up here you're going to see where's my little popup? Oh, there we go. Pop-up settings. Where's that at? Pop-up settings. See this right here? &gt;&gt; Click on that. And then you can edit this. This is going to allow you to edit your popup. And then down here on the button, right, button redirection &gt;&gt; is going to be to uh the download or you can actually download a um a full or a file. Oh, go to the website URL. Go to the next step. I think it's to the URL. Submit. Hold on one second here. Just want to make sure I get this right. Button actions. Got it. So, I could leave it at that technically &gt;&gt; and then I'll show you how this works. So, a little extra step here. You could have it go to a website URL, which would be for the pitch deck. Um, and how you get to that like at this here. If I if I put that in there like that, &gt;&gt; right? And let's say I went ahead and hypothetically saved this for a minute. The URL for that under the the popup settings, this URL right here. I'm going to go get this real quick and copy and paste it in here. So, how I would get to that would be if I went into my media storage and if I had my pitch deck uploaded into this, like this PDF right here. Just give you a perfect example. &gt;&gt; Yep. All right. &gt;&gt; Get link. So, I get that link. Come right back here hypothetically for a minute. And I know I won't mess up with is right here, but I just kind of show you what would happen. And in the popup settings, come here and then in this case it says go to the next step, but if it was a website URL, I could literally copy and paste that in. &gt;&gt; Perfect. &gt;&gt; Have it open up in a new tab and then that way it'll pop up that um pitch deck. &gt;&gt; Perfect. All right. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you bet. I don't know why I like I got into like doing techie websites. I'm not even a techie, but I like it's weird. I kind of like that stuff. So, I I wanted to learn it for myself. Some people look at it and they're like, "Oh, no. I don't even want 10 feet within that." So, I get it. I don't blame you. Especially if you're like an A to B person. Like, if my dad ever saw that, he'd be like, "F that." He's like, "Have somebody figure it out. Let me know when it's done." &gt;&gt; Right? Because he's like, "I'm an he's an AB. He's an A person. Meaning like I'm an A. I want to go to Z. I don't care about the BCD FG. Doesn't care about that. He says A to Z. You guys, I'm going to hire the people in between. Like all the people in between, I'll hire you. I'm just A to Z. And that's just how his brain works, which, you know, I don't blame him." So, um, all right everybody, have a great evening. I hope this was helpful. And we'll put this up, this recording into your uh portal. So if you need to rewatch it to kind of know how to, you know, migrate through your back end on the landing page side of things for your deals, uh it's there. &gt;&gt; So, you bet. Have a great evening, everybody. &gt;&gt; You too. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Have a nice evening.