Welcome in today the abundance to get podcast. I have an incredible guest [music] Andy Cruise. The pictures of my leg look like an overcooked hot dog on a barbecue. I was in bed hoping that I would die and not wake up. And watched my dad go through [music] $60 million bankruptcy when I was actually years old. It destroyed me. And because of that I promised myself I would never watch myself or anybody that I knew get into a bad real estate investment [music] again. I was in my bed and I couldn't get out of bed. I was paralyzed, emotionally paralyzed. I didn't know what to get up and do. I didn't know what I needed to put my focus on. And I didn't have the [music] emotional fortitude or gas in the tank or whatever you want to say to get up and be [music] anything. And I started walking in my hospital room back and forth. And I can't explain to you why that happened. I had not been able to walk for 12 days. For a woman to become attracted and stay attracted to a man [music] long-term, you know, that biological feminine masculine energy has to be there. &gt;&gt; I didn't care if I had an apartment, a house, a mansion, or lived in an RV. I cared about I'm coming home to sit next to my wife. [music] What actually makes you content? Cuz for most people wealth when I when I was asked that question I said experiences. The wealth to me is experiences. [music] If you make $100,000 right now, you're giving zero of it. Don't tell me you're going to give a lot when you have a million. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Hey everybody, welcome in today the abundance to get podcast. I have an incredible guest Andy Cruise. And his background really stems and we're going to dive into that, but around the podcasting, the media, you know, you're rising clients up around kind of their media game. And we're going to get into that today as to kind of where he came up through it, how giving back and helping others has created abundance for him and his business and life and family and all that. So welcome in, man. Thank you for having me. I love your setup. &gt;&gt; you're local. I'm local. I'm right here in San Diego. It was actually Chula Vista, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, down Chula Vista Eastlake area. So what's interesting is as we're filming this before we even came on like we're going old school today. Like this is connected directly to the cameras. Yep. Cuz normally we have the whole but we were having a whole breakdown here. I don't know what's going on. We'll figure it out. But uh we got wireless mics hooked up. And you know what? It's not going to matter. &gt;&gt; going to matter. Nobody gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's going to be great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And [laughter] and and and sometimes you just got to roll with it and that's like such an overlooked like rule in making content and media is like sometimes you got to go with what you got and that has to be okay. That has to be good enough. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, and to kind of touch on that as you know, media in general went from a bunch of video coming on to social media and it being production based cuz people wanted that high quality. And I feel like it's almost now overdone itself to where people are exhausted from the high production cuz it's inauthentic. It doesn't feel like there's a connection there. It's just a bunch of edits and snaps and this and that and people moving around. And there's a time and a place for that, but I feel that especially with the rise of AI and people knowing or not knowing what's real and not real, people are really searching for that natural authentic human connection. Yeah. And away from like is that a robot or is it not a robot? And you're seeing it with the even the war going on right now, right? All the fake videos being put out. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And you're like, wait, is that a real missile or not a missile? Drone? I mean you don't even know anymore. Right. And it should be like the platforms I think have a responsibility now and at least the people putting out the content. They're they need to put restrictions on this stuff immediately. And require like a little watermark or something. I'm agreeing over here because Yeah, because I mean otherwise it's going to it's out of control. It's already getting there. What do you do about that? Well, let's Well, we want to tackle it from the creator angle first? &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's talk about the how it's gone to more authentic video that connects with people and people resonate with it so that goes viral versus the stuff that's overproduced now. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; So I think part of what you're already saying is like a brand standard, right? So for for example like I love automotive stuff. I love the F1 series that's on like you can watch F1 racing and it's at a very top tier high brand quality standard. And then you watch the movie and the documentaries about F1 and it's also done at that very cinematic high level standard. And you go to Instagram and it's also that same way because they've trained and conditioned the audience that that's what they're going to get. That's what you're going to get from me. Got it. So I think where you've established a position where you've set the course for this is what you're going to get from me. That's what you have to continue to do as long as the audience is still saying that's what they want. If they say, "Hey, we don't need that from you and you can do this in a different way." Then if they accept that, it's not that you're reducing standards, you're delivering the expectation. So the the inclination sometimes is, "Oh well, I don't want to reduce my standard this or that." And I have a real example of this. You know, locally here in San Diego one of our corporate accounts we service is Mike Hess Brewing and they have, you know, six locations in San Diego. And and for a while we were recording at this like higher standard DSLR cameras, cinematic mode, making really highly crafted videos. And then like the views started tapering off and then the shares kind of slowed down. And then out of a theory in December of 2024, we said, "Let's try recording this month's content from our phones." And we took our cell phones to the locations. We did our product shot on the canning line and the new release and this and that on our phones and we used that as our test case like, "Hey, low consequence. It's December. We'll see what happens." And the views [clears throat] were up, the &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; the shares were up, the comments were up, and our strategy hadn't changed. So the overall strategy of what we do for the brand didn't change. It was just how were we delivering it. And the response was it looked more like the way it looks when the people coming to the locations are recording something themselves. So we took this it it it didn't look familiar. Got it. &gt;&gt; But I have to be okay with that as a creator because my inclination would be, "Well, no, I need to deliver at the highest standard all the time everywhere forever." And what the audience was saying is, "Well, no, no, that doesn't feel familiar to us. And what was familiar is when they come with their iPhone 15 or 16 Pro Yeah. &gt;&gt; it looks that way and then it now now becomes relatable. It you're Yeah, that that you're closing that gap super fast. And we had to be honest as a brand about that and then be okay with that. Like we had to be okay with that. Are we okay with this standard? Yeah, that's true. We we can do that. &gt;&gt; listen, at the end of the day do you really give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Meaning Typically no. Meaning if if it's if it's revenue solves a lot of problems. Right? [laughter] So if you're driving traffic, driving people, driving revenue, it's not about what my opinion is. And then I even tell this to other folks. I said, "Listen to the customers. They will tell you." So like anybody out there even on the digital space that wants to create products and services into the market. And they go ahead and they create a product or a service that they think, right? They go ahead and do it pre versus no, ask your audience, bro. Like your audience will tell you what they want. They should be telling you what you what they want. And and I think sometimes we fall into we we we take too many things that we say in business space as gospel when sometimes they're one-off occasions. So let me give you an example. And I'm going to say this statement and you're going to know exactly what I'm talking about. &gt;&gt; Yeah. How you do one thing is how you do everything. Is that always true on the Is that true on your worst day where you come into the studio and your equipment isn't working and you have to go to plan B? Of course. No. Right. But but we say, "Oh, that's gospel. So if you degrade your standard a lot and and I say that because of precedent, right? I mean if if the it's not so much that that is the way it is. It's how the perception is. Meaning if you don't clean up a bathroom well, I'm going to think, "Well, do you not clean up everything well?" Right? It's the perception, not reality, but it's the perception. &gt;&gt; Yep. It's no different than my kids or anything like that. I'm like, "Well, if you don't clean up this or if you don't make your bed, then you don't do this and this and that." It's not the case, but the perception is that way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it's if you cut corners here, you're cutting corners everywhere, right? &gt;&gt; That's the perception, not reality, but it's perception. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and I think in when when the all the chips fall, a lot of people they they just they just fail to do the thing they intend to. It's like just if you're going to deliver on something, deliver at it at the standard you can deliver it. If that standard increases over time, then make that progressive move in that direction to make it better or faster or cheaper or whatever that thing is. But but again back to your point about the listening part, you have to be attuned to what people are asking of of you. Now, they're not always right, but when enough of them are right, that is when you have to really be aware of the pivot you got to make. Yeah. So we put our cameras down and we picked up our phones and since then for the last 14 months, we've literally only used phone footage for content that goes down Instagram. It's crazy. Now, I still edit on the editing base. Sometimes I do it in Instagram edits. Sometimes I'm actually doing it in my actually editing software. It just depends on the occasion what it's for and kind of how tricky I might have to make some things. But we're also not covering anything up. It's real. It's it's the real footage. I'm not graphically enhancing things the way they are because again that familiarity is when you walk in it's going to look that way. Mhm. Like people yeah, will resonate. Uh why did you why did you get into this space? So what walk me back [laughter] to to 10-year-old you? Oh gosh. &gt;&gt; Were were were you born and raised in San Diego? I was born and raised in Bonita down the street in Okay. So take me to 10-year-old you. How did 10-year-old you grow up? Well, 10-year-old me was still hustling baseball. I was actually really small as a kid. You know, when they give you uniforms as when you're in youth sports, it's like number one's the smallest kid, number 16's the biggest kid on the team. &gt;&gt; Is that what they do? Well, when I was a kid they were. I'm you know, Meaning the number on your jersey? &gt;&gt; The number on your jersey was associated with size of the of body. &gt;&gt; Really? In in the Little League I was at, yes. All right, I was number six. I don't know what that means, but &gt;&gt; so for me I was number three until I was a junior in high school. And then when I was junior in high school I went to number 11. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; It just how it worked out that way. So I was small as a kid, but I was really good at baseball. I was actually very good at baseball. And I always just had that dream of being a baseball player. I collected baseball cards. Whenever I was outside playing, I was going to baseball first, playing catch, playing pretend home run derby, throwing the ball against the wall and taking ground balls in my free time. And then I upgraded to a golf ball cuz it went faster. And so I'd throw the golf ball as fast as I could against the wall and then do my reaction that way. And that like that get after it-ness was in me at 10. It was in me at that age and I just was really pursuing that cuz I loved it. I absolutely loved it. Did I have a bike? Yes. Did I have a skateboard? Yeah. Did I have a basketball hoop in the back and shoot hoops? Yeah, but I wasn't wasn't really good at those things. I was interested in them. I was good at baseball. Got it. That's where I was at 10. &gt;&gt; So that's baseball. Yeah. But like what when did the fascination with media, cameras, production, editing, online, like where did that begin to kick in for you? Two parts to that. The precedent The The The The precedent for that was actually set when I was 14 and I started playing drums. And I started playing drums in a music group that was in competitions. And so I'd be the drummer for a 30 40 person group. It was a show choir group. And I'm the drummer and you're in front of 500 people, 1,000 people and then they're judging you still. And you're either going to win first, second, third place or not place at all. And so I was in front of people performing since I was 14 years old. Okay. Now that's become 33 years of my life in front of people. Cuz then I took drums and then college I played up and down Sunset and So you So at at a younger age you became comfortable in front of folks. Yeah, you had to be. It was like your It was your job as a student musician was the group's relying on you cuz I'm the sole drummer. I'm the drummer. It's not a drum line. I was the drummer for the whole group. Got it. &gt;&gt; And so I became very comfortable being in front of people, but also I'd be been I didn't know. When I was a kid playing baseball, I was just playing baseball, but you know what? There's people watching. Mhm. I didn't really care about the people watching. I cared about how how I did on the field. And then when I went to drumming, I didn't care about people watching. I cared about am I doing my part as part of the group so the group can do their part. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then you fast forward into like adult land when I'm doing branding and we're doing apparel and we're making things for celebrities and YouTube people and all this. All that kind of coalesced where the media kicked in. It was oh, we're making clothes for this person or we're shipping and we're designing and delivering for this other person and we have to jump up to this standard where we have a photo booth at the office. We have to make video media for Instagram so they can sell it down their page. We have to manage our online store. But deeper than that, like what interests you about it? Storytelling. It's people telling their story because I really do believe that there's something in everybody that's worth sharing. And most people hesitate to share it. And so my my my immersion into media was initially through like marketing and communicate communications. Communicating to people why they should buy this or why they should choose this on behalf of the celebrity athlete or whoever it was at the time. So yeah, I'm going to test you real quick cuz I was just watching this from an online coach who teaches people how to present their product or service in ads or to people very quickly. And you're like call it elevator pitch. So she always tests the person by saying, tell me it is that how you help people. So I'm going to ask you the same thing. How do you help people? I help people cover the gap between them getting in their own way and getting on camera. Okay. So that's short. So what she would say is don't ever begin with I. Yeah. What she would say was said people in in this goes to the the truth. There's a TED Talk around this. Mhm. People don't buy what you sell. They buy why you sell it. &gt;&gt; Meaning you should begin it with and I thought this was great cuz I'd made this mistake. She said you should begin a lot of your elevator pitch, whatever it is, as a person rather than me saying, hey, the reason I got into multi-family and I do XYZ and I can help you buy a multi-family blah blah blah. Yeah. It should be in the sense of a story. As a person that watched my dad go through a $60 million bankruptcy when I was X years old, it destroyed me. Mhm. And because of that I promised myself I would never watch myself or anybody that I knew get into a bad real estate investment again. So I've dedicated my life to helping people buy multi-family apartment buildings so they don't have to get into money pit and do the XYZ. Yeah. You see how that's good? Switched it. So good. I love it. &gt;&gt; Because now it's a story as to why I'm doing it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's no longer about, hey, buy me because my product is XYZ good. Your motive is there. Yeah. Your motive even though you're not saying that your motive Your motive is in there. As a person. So she said you should always start any kind of elevator pitch or any kind of ad Not necessarily ad, but but as a person who blah, right? As a person who saw this, as a person who's been around this, as a person who's seen this happen in life. Has this happened to me, right? Right. This is why. Yeah. Because that then sets the tone emotionally for somebody to connect with you on an emotional level. And then once they're connected emotionally, now they know why and therefore they buy the product because of the why not what it is. They could give two shits that it's XYZ. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now they know why you're doing it, which then sets the tone for trust because now I can trust you because you've been vulnerable with me. And I was like, wow, like that that makes a lot of sense. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Right? Yeah. Cuz if I even think about the way that I I buy or how I build trust with someone quickly, it's usually once I understand a little bit of their story. Yeah. Like why have they even done it? Cuz there's usually a deeper meaning. Well, and and so And the reason why I answered the question that way I did is because most people I found are not in this space that you've already found yourself at. You've arrived to this place where you have a dedicated space to do this. You have a conversation you're looking to lead and you're hosting people. And I've always found myself in a position where I'm a great drummer Yeah. and I'm a great catcher. If you're a catcher, who do you need to throw you ball? A pitcher. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm great at calling the plays. I'm great at seeing the whole field. I'm great at being a teammate. I'm not trying to be the front man of the group. I'm the drummer that's setting the boundary for which all of the music is going to happen. Yeah. And I'll play my part. And so I typically nowadays find myself in a situation where someone who should not be nervous about doing a show or running a podcast is even though they have 10 years, 15 or 20 years of experience and they are credible and already hired, but for some reason they think they got to be someone different to do the show. &gt;&gt; you a question. Siblings? I have a younger sister. Younger sister. So you're You're the oldest. You have a younger [laughter] sister. Okay. Married, right? Yeah, 23 years. Kids? I have three daughters. Three daughters. Okay. Cuz you touched on something pretty interesting that I want to dive deeper on. You said that you you're great at being a teammate. You're great at playing not behind the scenes, but not necessarily the lead singer. Right. Why? There's There's something fearful in that. There's a limiting belief system in that. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Well, there is &gt;&gt; reason you were a drummer. Yeah, but also So I'll I'll say it this way. &gt;&gt; You could have a shitty voice, too. That's That's part of it. But I sing I sing best behind the symbols. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I got it. The symbols are real loud. I honestly believe that people have been given certain gifts and not everybody is a lead singer. Okay. There's not space in our world nor do I think it was designed that way for everyone to be a lead singer. Okay. If you want to go deep down that faith conversation where Jesus had 12 disciples, they weren't all good at the same thing. They all had different hesitations for believing or not believing him. Yeah. Their depth of faith was dependent on multiple different things they witnessed him do or were wondering about or curious about. And they all had their own rate of believing him and then following him. And then he found them at different places and destinations along the way of his journey. Now, if I were to then make that analogous to like, well, why am I a catcher? Yeah. Cuz I'm not the best third baseman and I'm not a pitcher. Okay. So if I know I'm a good catcher and I'm built that way and that's the most optimal way I could provide support to a team, then I'm going to double and triple down in my role as that so I can be the best person in that space. Okay. Yeah. That's That's really the long long answer long. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just I'm just always curious cuz there's always stories for why people have arrived where they're at, right? In different ways, shapes, and forms. Married 23 years, you said? Yes, sir. Of course you've been asked this probably several times. What's the secret, Andy? But let me ask you uh Never giving up. You know that. Never giving up. Yeah, never giving up. [laughter] Where did you guys meet? We actually met in high school in the music group, but we were not together. She was in the &gt;&gt; This is down Chula Vista? Yeah. Or Bonita? In Bonita, yeah. My wife Jen was actually one of the main singers and she has a phenomenal voice. She's sang at the Shell and all this stuff. Wow. So she's actually that's like her gift. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And my gift is the drumming part and so we weren't together when we were in high school, but we were friends. We knew each other. And then our life connected many years later. And first first time you saw her after high school? First time I saw her after high school was actually at a friend's house, mutual friend's house. And I was surprised that she was not on the road touring. Okay. I was surprised that she wasn't already married. And I was like, oh, wow. Okay, cool. And then we just started having conversation and spending time together and that's when our interest started growing in one another. Got it. First date? First date, Mexican food. Where at? It was a little place called Albertos over in Bonita that &gt;&gt; There's lots of Albertos, Andy. Yeah. Yeah. And And variations. &gt;&gt; Robertos, Albertos, Roberto, Alberto. Adalbertos. Yeah, there's like so many Albertos. Just so you know, San like San Diego's I think out of the top 10 burritos in the United States by the USA Today they have like four of them. And there's every burrito as you can imagine being next to Tijuana. So So and it was kind of on a whim too. I call it a first date even though it was not a hey would you like to go out it was hey let's all go here to this thing but we were very intentional we were talking to each other at that hangout and it was at that place. That's what I call our our first date. Yeah. But then beyond that it was just spending life together doing things. Yeah. It was like December and Christmas time. Hey let's go do some shopping together. I got to do this for my family I got to get this. So we just spent time doing that. We went ice skating and I jokingly told this kid one day at the ice skating rink we're putting ice skates on. And he goes oh who who is this? I was like oh that's my wife. And we were we weren't even like together we weren't even engaged but I just said it to this little kid to be like jokey like oh yeah that's my wife. &gt;&gt; That's cool. And that was like literally And it didn't freak her out she didn't run away. No it didn't well no cuz we had known each other for five years but not in a romantic way where we were interested in each other. We just knew each other as 16 17 18 year olds and then here we are 22 23. Mhm. And I was just being jokey but also I was like no I'm intentionally here ice skating with you at the Hotel Del like you know and I was like I was just joking with this 10 year old kid. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's cool. &gt;&gt; where all that began. Um two toughest moments you guys have had together in your 23 years that you can Man come to the top of your mind. There's many more but the two toughest. Two toughest moments 2017 I was hospitalized for two weeks almost lost my life they were able to save my life. My leg was trying to kill me they saved my leg. Uh I got up and was going on with the leg? I had an infection in my leg that took over 80% of my leg. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And they tried to medicate me and the medication had an adverse reaction and I was being chemically burned from the inside out. Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Um I was hoping that I would die in that hospital. &gt;&gt; What do you mean chemically burned from the inside out? &gt;&gt; body was not processing the medication they were giving me through the IV and it was trying It was like literally feeling like you were lighting on fire and and Yeah you know how a chef takes the little torch they put it over the creme brulee on the top? &gt;&gt; That's what was happening to the out to your exterior of my skin but it was because of the medicine trying to make its way out of my pores as fast as possible. So my body had burns all over it and I was having a adverse reaction to the medication that they were trying to &gt;&gt; did it take them to figure this one out? &gt;&gt; Uh it happened within 24 hours of the medication starting and it took me three days for that to stop so that they could actually get the right medication to work. Did you just feel like you were like like exploding? Uh yeah the pictures of my leg look like an overcooked hot dog on a barbecue. Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; I was in bed hoping that I would die and not wake up. That's number one. So that's 2017. That was 2017. &gt;&gt; And what and then she's there by your side but like what how does she handle on this? Uh two of our kids had strep throat at the same time and We also had a business to run and my business partner and I had split ways three months prior to that and I was on my own. We still had the team we still had all the we had all the expenses of the company Yeah &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; without the revenue. revenue because we had ramped up when we had the celebrity athletes and the revenue and but then the celebrity athletes went this way and I was still carrying all those expense connected to being able to serve those accounts. So then we were topsy-turvy and then also got sick. My wife will tell you to this day she's like that's God taking you out of a situation that was going to that was going to kill you. Wow meaning the partnership. Oh the partnership and I was a The athletes the celebrities. I was a bad partner. Looking back I will be 100% honest I could absolutely have been a better partner to my partner my business partner at the time. Okay. Um I made bad decisions that I just thought oh well this is on us this is in front of us and man I just put my work ahead of everything. &gt;&gt; were yeah very trying to be optimistic and trying to drive and make things happen but then not really being tactical. Yes and the mistake I made was not listening to the discernment of my wife. And so you're asking well how is your wife feeling during this time? Part of it she's feeling this under the surface level relief that all this is about to come to a screeching halt and die and this whole thing's going to be over. The other part of her is like hope I hope my husband doesn't die. I believe that God's going to heal him and get him through this but that he's using this as a wake up call for you. Mhm. So that's happening at the same time. Um and you know and our girls were much younger they were you know 12 10 and 8 at that time. Now they're 20 18 and 16. So life is as parents when your kids are in that elementary school age is much different too. And so it's they need still need dropped off at school every day and picked up and all the house is being taken care of. Oh and dad's over in the hospital down the street. &gt;&gt; Yeah. 24 hour care. Wow. It was very intense and in the end I had to close that business shut it down lick my wounds all the public success and credibility we had built I felt went away right away and it wasn't until months later through many months of counseling I realized because I was told that I was actually experiencing the stages of grief even though a person hadn't died in my life the dream that was born and raised and matured died. Mhm. And that is why I was going through such the emotional emotional turmoil at the conclusion of being hospitalized was the thing I raised up and people trusted and loved this for our baby died and that was crushing me and I didn't realize that I was moving through the same stages of grief as if it had been a real person. When I realized that &gt;&gt; Well especially when you're ambitious and driven and focused and you know as a man you can attest to this when you're trying to be the provider the protector um and this person that your family can look up to your daughters can look up to your wife can look up to and then all of a sudden you're not you you're you're you're you're facing a wall and you feel very responsible for it and then you have to sit in that and kind of pick yourself up you know take take your slackening but you can't sit there too long. No man I mean you're cuz your family's need you and and I think this is where a lot of men miss the mark especially more so in today's world because they're um they're moving down this path of thinking that a 50/50 is normal or that hey the the woman should you know be a a main provider of the family and all this other stuff um and I don't think they're understanding the biological long-term feelings of how this is really supposed to work. I mean for a woman to become attracted and stay attracted to a man long-term you know that biological feminine masculine energy has to be there right it has to be there. Um and the minute that they sense that that's not you know a woman will begin to do what she has to do to protect the family which is the children the nest the egg and she'll detach from you as a man stop stop looking up to you stop admiring you and then the first thing that'll go is hey I don't want to be like physically connected to you. And then as a man that's how we give love and share love and feel love is through physical connection. And women are the opposite it's emotional intimacy. Yeah. Um That's very interesting. How did you fight through that? Well we had you said the right word we had to fight through it. Some days the last thing that the last thing I'll say my wife cuz I don't want to generalize this for all wives but the last thing my wife wanted was another kid to take care of. Mhm. She's not my mom but there are days honestly Justin I was in my bed and I couldn't get out of bed I was paralyzed emotionally paralyzed. I didn't know what to get up and do I didn't know what I needed to put my focus on and I didn't have the emotional fortitude or gas in the tank or whatever you want to say to get up and be anything from the ashes that were and became of the situation. And How long did it take you to from that moment business shuts down you go through however many months until you feel like okay I I got my mojo moving again you know we're going to we're going to get this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] back. Yeah it I call as a man grab your nuts and put them on the table and let's go. &gt;&gt; Yeah it was honestly it was honestly about six months before I even felt like a sense where I could contribute to anybody anything of value. And that was so in November I'm hospitalized December I'm sent home I'm on bed rest for a month I go through three months of physical therapy by the spring of 2018 I'm trying to figure out my life what it looks like. I have good days I have bad days I'm a emotional mental wreck. I had I filed I had to file bankruptcy and burn everything to the ground and that wasn't even the first time. I had filed bankruptcy during the collapse of 2008 and 9 cuz I was in real estate at the time and lending specifically. So now I'm facing my second time facing bankruptcy in 2018. So what so and I don't mean to stop you but like let's I mean that that must have been another kick in the nuts. Yes absolutely. &gt;&gt; hey I've it's hard enough to go through that one time you cuz you feel like a freaking loser even though you're not but you feel like it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then here you are 10 years later 2018 Mhm. having to do this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] again. Right. I mean It felt it felt terrible. Yeah. But I but I was reminded I'm like you know what there's a lot of successful people that have filed bankruptcy multiple times. Maybe that's the track that I'M ON. &gt;&gt; AND &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I JUST I grabbed onto that you know what I mean like a lifeline. &gt;&gt; Well But you know you got to look on the bright side. And that is a bright side to look at because what else do you have to go by? I mean cuz you you have you have honestly two choices. You can wake up in misery every day in depression and get out of that side of the bed or you're going to be in misery and depression so it's the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] different day. That's option A. Yep. Or you can say you know what I get it. I've been I'm down and I've been this is now the second time but I got to go man I got X amount of years left I mean what am I going to do just sit here and twirl in bed and play you know poor old me and victim old me and the and the world's happening you know against me and that whole game or hey this is something that's happened for me and I need to learn from this and avoid the same mistake happening again. I learned a lot by by by assessing the crime scene of that business's failure and dying. I learned a lot. My name was in too many boxes. I relied way too many on things that I thought were on stable ground that weren't. Too many things I thought were on platforms that were actually just hanging by a thread, but I did I had somehow convinced myself they weren't hanging by a thread, that they were stable. And they actually weren't when I would got honest about looking and I you know, kind of dissected the whole thing, you know? Cuz I was looking at all that retroactively. But right around that 6-month mark, I realized, "Okay, I've got to figure out for the benefit of providing as a husband and as a and as a father, I've got to do something for us to be able to have a new way out and into a direction that is going to serve us well and not out of self-serving, but I can't let this happen again." And so I was like starting to look at all the things where I could be trusted. What do people trust me for? What am I most useful for? How do I add value? Where am I being chosen and looked at from people around me that can position me in places. They already see strengths in me that maybe I wasn't as willing to admit that were strengths cuz like, "Oh yeah, I'm just kind of okay at that." &gt;&gt; So uh So in that assessment, what do you think people saw you as? What was their identity of you in your mind? Uh In your mind. Uh So in my mind, I I was sold out that people just needed me because I was reliable Mhm. and I would do the things I say I'd do. Okay. So that's how you you thought the world saw you. &gt;&gt; That's how I thought they saw me. &gt;&gt; Got it. Those things are true and also what's true is that I have built a very deep network of people that I have trust with in business and outside of business. Okay. And I've done that to get business, but also have created an entire network of people that I deeply care about outside of business, too. And my ability to forge relationships and build trust it goes way beyond whatever happens on a P&amp;L. Got it. That's actually then what started bringing people to go, "Oh, I need you here. Can you help us with this? We're We're saying our message over here this way. Can you help us get that in this place so it actually connects the way we need it to?" And so my ability to to communicate, knowing that the relationship having depth is going to matter long term, is where I started getting plugged into people's messaging and they took the stuff from the branding world that we did video wise, photo wise, creating online store wise and said, "Okay, cool. Let me pull that video part over here." Yeah. And I started making videos for my friends that had companies and businesses that they needed to send their compelling message to others. They needed to communicate something creative. &gt;&gt; Yeah, tapping into their business identity and making sure it was out to the world. &gt;&gt; Yes, because I specifically had experience in business and in creativity and I can live at the intersection where those things meet. That is a unique place where I can talk business with you. You want to talk numbers? You want to talk Do you want to talk cap rates? You want to talk about the Fed? You want to talk about inflation? You want to talk about unemployment? Let's talk about all that stuff. I've done over 200 episodes about the economy and the Fed and the government and loans and real estate. No problem. Mhm. Also, I directed an art team. You have to have an entire different language for the graphic designer. That's designing stuff for General Motors and Tony Gwynn and Canelo Alvarez and people that are publicly known. &gt;&gt; What do you So would you say that is your from a professional side, uh your greatest um skill set is the ability to find that intersection? Or is it something else? &gt;&gt; It's not finding it. I live at that. I showed up here that way today. Like I know how to be a creator and I know how to talk business. &gt;&gt; Got it. Before we got on camera, we're both over there trying to figure out what's wrong on the technical side of things. And we're looking, "Oh, well, what about this option? What about that option?" &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, you know, you're you're you're an investment, right? You're you're in real estate and passive income. I'll say passive. There's nothing passive, right? Right. Mostly passive. Mostly passive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um but if you want to sit down and talk about that for an hour, I can have that conversation with you. But I always am there. That's the thing like where I say earlier about like being a catcher behind the plate, seeing the whole field, knowing which players do which things. Yep. And what's the game scenario? Are we in the first inning or the ninth? Are we down by two or we ahead by four? What pitch should we throw? This guy struck out twice. Why should we change our pitching? So would you consider yourself then a I mean, almost like an orchestrator? A little bit, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a little bit like being a &gt;&gt; Where you can be a conductor, in a way. Yeah, it's it's not like being Tom Brady. It's like being the coach on the field, calling in the play to the players to go run the play. Got it. It's kind of a little bit like that. In the business world, it's like that. I can I can I can take in a lot of information and go, "Okay, with what we have here and what you've asked of us, this is how we should go and do this." Or something like &gt;&gt; can take what seems like chaos here, simplify it, putting it into a nice streamlined action plan and go execute. Yes. Yeah. So being able to deliver, being able to communicate to both sides of creativity and to business is crucially important, especially with your clients. &gt;&gt; you an email, Mhm. would you want that email in bullet points or paragraph? You could write me either. Son of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're supposed to give me a real answer. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That is the real answer. You could you &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; Yes, because yes. &gt;&gt; Wow. So you're like a chameleon. Cuz most most people will want like Yeah, like me, I would want a bullet point cuz I'm a C personality style that's more analytical. I understand. So I want like very I don't want to read like an emotional story. Uh I can, but I don't prefer that. Is there a preference? No. No. No, I I I I don't have a preference because the the the the it's For me, it's Okay, the box you're saying is email. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You be as creative or uncreative as you want to be in there. I don't care. Cuz for me, it doesn't matter. My job is still going to be understand what you're saying to me or what you're asking of me and then deliver back to you what you're hoping to get back. &gt;&gt; Got it. So I've also learned over the course of time that there are people people and task people, fast people, and slow people. Mhm. I can read a room of people by listening, watching, observing, and making simple observations Yeah. and know who I'm talking to and communicate back in a way that they're going to feel comfortable with. &gt;&gt; them, yeah. Not just mirroring because if I just mirrored you, I'd be doing this, right? &gt;&gt; Sure. But if you want to talk about bullet points, I'll tell you the answer to your next question in three things. I have to be [clears throat] able to do it. I can't I can't just pretend to do it. I have to actually know how to do it. &gt;&gt; That's That's an art form. &gt;&gt; came from training. Yeah, that Yeah, that's but that's a um it's a that takes self-awareness, big time self-awareness to be able to do that. Um not only of yourself, but others. Um yeah, and being uh very present in rooms and spaces to understand people that um You talked about faith a little bit and we'll finish up on this. You talked about faith. Um what Has that always played a role in your life? And if not as much as it been higher or lower at certain points? So kind of a three-part thing here. And then how does um your your wife and you bring that into your family? Like in in Yeah, I want to understand that a little more. &gt;&gt; Would you like the answer in bullet points or paragraph? You're scared. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; All of the above, baby. Uh Um well, I'm going to I'm I would like to answer that question while also telling you the other second big moment in my life that you asked about earlier. One was being hospitalized. The other one was my wife coming down being diagnosed with cancer in 2024. Uh so recent recently? Uh yeah. What kind of cancer? Uh she had breast cancer. Okay. Uh and it was early. Yeah, I was going to I was my next question. &gt;&gt; At the same time that that was diagnosed, we had brought in four additional girls to the three we already had that we were fostering Oh my gosh. uh on a social situation there for a little bit of time. &gt;&gt; come in your home or Oh, they were living with us, yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, they were living with us. &gt;&gt; So seven kids in the house. &gt;&gt; Seven girls, yes. Holy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Holy. I was bald before this, so we're we're good. [laughter] I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the same, bro. You either You either lost your hair or you shaved it off cuz it was gray. One of the two. Yeah. But go ahead. Uh whatever it does grow out here, it's like half gray. Back to the 50/50 coming earlier. Um so look, my my faith has definitely been tested at numerous periods in my life and always because of my doing. Mhm. The distance between me and God is never because of him. It's always because of me. And it's not because he's not responsible for certain things. Why Why do you say that? Because if I choose to drift away, that's not his choice. That's my choice. And if I choose to draw near and sit and spend time and read and understand, pray and listen, journal and talk, be insightful, be able to be asked questions and honestly answer versus try to hide and protect and preserve, that's all because of what I am doing, what I'm choosing. Cuz that free will part, that free that that agency part to where I'm still going to walk out my life as closely as I can to the thing I'm claiming to believe and do believe. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But am I infallible? Yeah. I still make mistakes. I still say things I wish I could take back. I've still hurt people's feelings unintentionally. &gt;&gt; Right? So my faith has been tested in numerous ways because of things that have been allowed in my life and some things that I've caused, too. So it's a it's a it's a it's a mix of both of those things. Okay. And out of my own curiosity of testing my metal of faith, I went on a journey to test faith and pressure test faith. And several times now, I've read the book cover to cover. And then I've done other introspection like archaeological Bibles. I have a book called I don't have enough faith to be an atheist. And it's because I was like, "Well, why do atheists &gt;&gt; have enough faith to be an atheist. Okay. You would probably be fascinated by it. It's a little technical, but it actually has to it actually recites a lot of research and uh research and discovery that that is used as claims for why you can faithfully believe in atheism. Mhm. Versus, "Oh, well, there's a creator." So like the astronomical numerical consequence of all of this randomly happening is so infinitesimally small that you would actually have to suspend your scientific knowledge in order to believe that that was possible. Yeah. Now, the claim is also that well, it's so infinitesimally small that there would be this creator in heaven that believes and loves you and that he would create all this for you. But when you ultimately get down to the bottom line core bullet point question of has something ever come from nothing? The answer is no. No. So, at some point people have to get honest with that. I had to get honest with that. And so, I was like, I'm going to test all these theories, all these things. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I did and I went on this quest and I came to the conclusion that I'm going to do my best to live out my life based on this scripture, based on this word, around people I know, love, and trust. And I'm going to try to help as many people during my life as I can. And we had to do that even through 2024 when we had extra kids at the house and my wife is going through cancer. That was the second biggest test we've had in our life. Like true test where it's like, oh shoot, I just want to sit next to my wife and hold her hand. &gt;&gt; Mhm. I'm not I don't I don't I don't want to go here. I'm not chasing down this other thing and I'm not looking for what the world can bring to me. And I like a lot of things. Mhm. But none of that mattered. Mhm. Cuz I was like, how quickly can I get home so I can just sit next to my wife on the couch? &gt;&gt; Wow. Because I want as many of these moments as possible. And I'm going to tell you a quick story. Our friends, some very loving friends of ours sent us to a local like staycation at La Costa, which I don't spend money doing those kinds of things for a staycation. Yeah. I probably should. But when my wife was diagnosed, they were like, "Hey, we're going to get a weekend for you guys at this place." And dude, it was like it was like one of those like makeover shows. Like we walked into the room and like, "Here's your basket of treats. This stuff is in the fridge for you to enjoy. Uh there's already a credit at the restaurant for you for dinner tonight. And then go into your little sweet area and you go to the closet and they bought us clothes, shoes, like pajamas, like all of them. Our &gt;&gt; Our friends did this for us. And I remember thinking to myself, I don't want this to be our last vacation. Wow. You know what I mean? Yeah. I'm choked up about it. Yeah. And it's not but I'm but like at the time I'm like, I don't want this to be the last time we do something cool like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But if it is, I don't want it to be but if it is, I I want to make this count. Yeah. And um And the people at the resort, you know how they have the you know they have like the um the robe that they put [snorts] in the closet and like if you if you take it, you buy it. They were like, "Hey, this is a gift from us. This is yours. It's already it's on the house. Take the crap out of it." &gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh um [clears throat] After my wife had surgery, after she had recovered, this this robe never got worn outside of that staycation at La Costa Resort. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And one day I was in the kitchen and my wife came downstairs and she had just that day decided to put the robe on and she had her pajamas on in the morning still and she just put the robe on and she came down and then she turned the corner, I just started bawling. I walked out of the kitchen to the backyard. I just sat down. I was bawling in my backyard. Wow. Because I didn't remember Yeah, yeah. that I had felt that way and I was like, oh my gosh, that I didn't want that moment to be our last moment and that robe, it just reminded me of the moment and all these emotions just overwhelmed &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a re- it was a re-trigger. Oh, for sure. Hey, we made it through this. Right. Yeah, that's wild. Um the and I talked to Kate about this, you know, um so I went grew up under Christianity. Mom called dragging us young kids to church and going to Sunday school and all that stuff. Um she almost made it feel like if you didn't live in this box of Christianity, like the way that it's defined or I define it, yeah, you're not a good Christian or you're going to hell or whatever it is, right? And so, it it kind of rubbed me the wrong way a little bit cuz I'm like, you know, I don't know that it was ever intended that way. You know I mean, religions are great, they have a moral compass and I think they're serve their amazing purpose for the world. Um but I feel a lot of them are also confining, right? Well, I don't care if it's Christianity, Catholicism, Islam, whatever it is, they're all confining because they teach you to believe the scripture and sit within that and then depending on how hardcore you take that scripture, maybe there's more to that, maybe there's not depending on how you take it, right? Uh but that's been the whole thing because I believe that we're part of something that is so far beyond our comprehension as a human species. We can't even begin to fathom its complexity. We can't even begin to fathom it. So, we've used religions as a way for us to feel connected to something we can't connect with. Make it tangible, it's not tangible. You know, help have our have our unknowing faith feel real. Mhm. Right? Um because when we pass on, when that moment happens and for all those who have and are there, um they get they get to see it. They get to see it. And um you know, you you look at all the the science stuff that's out there in the universe and how big it is and all these other incredible things and it's unbelievable. Like when you actually really look at the what's out there and how big the universe is, it's it's just it's so unfathomable how big it is. And so many things that just can't make sense. It gets so overwhelming that &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; which is why I understand why people want to simplify it into religion. But I'm like, guys, we are part of something that is so far beyond this what our brains can comprehend. It's just there is clearly something greater than us and you know, people keep saying he or you know, putting a face on God or face on even Jesus or face on it, right? All the Yeah. And I'm like, I don't think you understand. It's not a face. It's it's an energy. Right? If you want to call energy God or whatever that is that's created all of this, something has created it and if that is your definition of God, then I'm on board with that. But if you're going to tell me that God is some person that is white with a beard and you know, dark hair and blue eyes and a booming voice from the sky, then you're clearly just reading the Bible too much because what God is, at least in my mind, is the energy that has created all of this. &gt;&gt; It's and it's just so far beyond us. Um and it's incredible. Like it's and I'm actually in a weird way like excited to see it someday. Yeah. But [laughter] I don't want to see it too soon. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But it's like I'm sitting there going, "Dude, I wonder what it's like." Cuz something happens. Something happens. I don't know exactly what that is. You can call it heaven or hell, left or whatever. Something happens and um I do hope that there is a place where evil goes that you know, was evil on earth, call it evil here in this realm. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Versus a place where where good goes. Mhm. If you were good and holy and treated people well on on this realm here, you have a maybe a little bit better place to go to. That's what I'm hoping. I hope it's that. What's what's something that is keeping you up at night regarding this conversation? What's something you find yourself thinking about a lot that you're dwelling on or you're maybe looking for a conclusion to? &gt;&gt; I don't fully uh surrender to the to the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Mhm. Believe in Jesus. Believe in all the amazing things he did. Mhm. Incredible human from everything I've read and understand. Uh something happened. I just even his disciples like who were completely against him were said, "Oh my God, we saw the you know, the resurrection." Well, so you know, every ounce of me wants to believe that. Mhm. It's just I I struggle with that. That's probably the only thing I struggle with. Is it is it because of anecdotal evidence or is it because of you think it's a fabricated story that he came back and they saw him walk or is it you think that the people that were guarding the tomb lied about it? What was the part that is &gt;&gt; know. caught you tripped up? Maybe it's just could that actually happen? I don't know. I don't know if there's something specific. Yeah. Um I think that that falls in that same category of things that we can't explain Yes. &gt;&gt; that happened. Yeah, you almost you have to succumb and surrender to faith. So, can I tell you a quick story? Sure. There's kind of two really cool stories. One is about 3 years ago, some friends of ours, one of their one of their sons is legally blind. Oh, wow. And like he he's got the little glasses like you you we call them Coke bottle glasses but it's like it's literally the thing they have to put on his face just so he can see anything at all. Yeah. And at a service one time, there was someone preaching and they were like, "Hey, if you're if you're looking for a healing for whatever the ailment might be." And then all of all of a sudden people already have these preconceived notions online, right? This kid walks up and he says, "I want to have my sight." And I'm sitting there playing the drums. And I'm watching this happen and this kid who I've known since he was born gets his sight in front of 400 people. Mhm. And since then, 3 years later, doesn't wear glasses, doesn't need them, has perfect 20/20 vision. And in that moment, it changed and I can't explain it. The optometrist cannot explain it. Mhm. And I can't explain things like that. Yeah. At the same time, that the reason I left the hospital was because the night before I was so fed up and willing to die, I sat up in my bed and I was like, "God, I need you in this moment and I want you to heal my leg. I can't walk it. I want to walk. I want to walk. I will either want to walk or I want to die." Mhm. And I was sitting at the edge of my bed. You know you put your hands in the Dyson dryer? Yeah. And the the blade of wind goes over your hand? Yeah. It was like a hula hoop blade of wind went up and down my body. I was like, that's weird, that's never happened to me before. And I got up and I started walking in my hospital room back and forth and I can't explain to you why that happened. I had not been able to walk for 12 days. Mhm. Like can't walk. And for some reason, I was just walking that day. Now, maybe maybe there's something scientific that happened because I sat up and I said to my my my my voice and my body and my spirit said, "I want to walk." Yeah. But I can't explain why I felt that over my body. Got it. It's not there wasn't someone with an air hose You know what I'm saying? So, another question I have around that would be like why does so much bad stuff happen to such good people? I think that those things are unintentionally inextricably linked and they're not supposed to be. Mhm. I I mean Because I think that I I cuz Cuz that's something we say. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But you You what? Bad things happen to bad people, too. Is it because they're bad? I don't know. Sometimes, you're a bad guy with a knife and you're stabbing somebody and you get shot. Well, you were doing a bad thing right there and you died because of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay? All right, you're an instant grandma buying groceries at the store, someone hit you in the parking lot and you die. That's a good person dying. But, it's not because they did bad or good, it's just that's what happened. I'm not saying we just have to go, "Oh, well, everything happens for a reason." I actually don't believe that, either. I don't know what the reason is that my nephew died at home a day before his 19th birthday of an enlarged heart that wasn't diagnosed. Wow. Mhm. How can you tell me Oh, well, you're going to tell me everything happened for a reason? I don't Why? That doesn't seem like there's any reason in that. Right. But, what we did as a family is we started a nonprofit to raise money to do free heart screenings throughout San Diego so we can take that bad thing that happened to a good person and turn it into something that's good for another good person. So, from the abundance attitude to giving attitude, what are we going to do now that blank? Yeah. Okay, this is what we're going to do. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm just Do you Do you believe in the true battle of good and evil? 100%. Okay. Yeah, be You know You know why? This is going to Well, whatever. People are going to think what they're going to think. &gt;&gt; Because like there There's true evil in the world and we see it every day. &gt;&gt; 100%. I looked at it. You can see it. And when you have a discerning part of you that is aware of what's happening around you, you can see it. Yeah. And you can notice and you can sense when someone has mal intent. Mhm. Not just because they're expressing it in a way that 100% of the population would say they have mal intent. When you can see that they have bad intent from 100 yards away Mhm. and they're just walk into you, you could I we I've had This guy People are going to think we're so nuts. I we we've been at Coronado Yeah. looking at the ocean and a in our world terms, witch, turns and looks at us and is staring right at us as we're there processing my wife and my kids Yeah. and my my daughter Caitlin goes, "Hey, you see that witch over there?" And I was like, "She's looking right at us." There's no reason this person should have looked at us that way. It was searing glare. It was glare like, "You are treading on the territory I'm trying to occupy." Got it. I mean, I'm trying to bring evil to this space or whatever. &gt;&gt; I'm here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What are you going to do about it? Got it. Right? That's just an example, but like there's so many different levels to this thing, not to make it complicated, but this is just personal anecdote. &gt;&gt; And you believe that because of this battle of good and evil or call it you know, you know, God and the devil that that it's that that's what's going on, it's that constant battle in the universe between those two? So, there's So, his historically, um I'm going to say yes because of the things that have been discovered that are factual in the word and that have already been detailed in Revelation, okay? But, without getting theological, let's just park that as an idea, okay? The The other thing is I I really believe that there's not another explanation that can stand the testing of why all these other things are happening. Why metaphysically would it make sense that this would occur? If metaphysics had all the answers that we should have a life that looks a certain way and it looks that way for everybody all the time and it's homogenized, then why isn't it? Mhm. So, go back to I don't have enough faith to be an atheist. If you test that same theory against the other things that are claimed to be even more true than the word, Mhm. they fail on their on the weight of the ask. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Mhm. And typically, when I had those similar questions, I would test those things, too. Not Oh, not trying to say, "Oh, this is right and that's wrong." But, okay, hold it. Let's Let's square one. Let's start from square one. Does this survive the weight of what it's being asked? And if the answer's no, then the answer's no. Does that make sense? &gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah, that's kind of how I went on my own journey of understanding in those depth of theological questions. Got it. Cuz there's [laughter] not another example that I could think of Yeah. would explain why you see all these happening. Oh, cuz then all humans are bad? Well, no, some are good. But, are you inherently always good? Or are we going to start measuring that on a scale? Well, Justin's 97% good, but that 3% of him, I'm not sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But, you you get down these slippery slopes super quick, man. Sure. Yeah, are you Are you emotionally good? Are you partially good? &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Why are some people Why are some people poor on the streets but happier than the ones that have million dollars and yachts? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you see that. Why? Metaphysical answer to me why and it can't. Yep. So, there's there's tension. &gt;&gt; I'll I'll see I mean, I I've you know, I'll see guys that are just a you know, a pool dude cleaning pools, happiest mother effort you can imagine. They're content. Yeah. And I think we have subscribed to success by any means necessary equals contentment and they're not the same thing. Right. I was content coming home and sitting next to my wife. I didn't care if I had an apartment, a house, a mansion, or living in an RV. I cared about I'm coming home to sit next to my wife. That was more important to me than anything else. And I love fancy, expensive, fast cars. I love cool technology and gadgets. I love sports. I love entertainment. And I didn't care about anything. &gt;&gt; moment where your your wife is going through that battle, um that meant everything to you. Yes. So many things now, because of that, have asked me to get honest with myself about what am I content with? Mhm. Because the pursuit for more for the sake of it being more will never lead you to contentment. &gt;&gt; Right. It just leads to more stuff you're either managing or supervising. Don't even get me started on are you even stewarding it? Yeah. Stewarding a little or stewarding a lot. That concept is wholly different than managing something. Yep. So, contentment is [clears throat] going to be evasive for as long as we allow it to be and it only is something we can attain when we decide what things will make us content. Got it. I I just don't see it that way. &gt;&gt; mean, that's a great point to to leave this on is And there is um when I was uh at a recent kind of mini conference thing, Thatch Win, uh who's kind of a real estate investor guy, um his whole presentation was supposed to be very detailed, but it ended up being he asked everybody in the audience and he almost like looked at me and everybody else, too, like glaze, saying, "What does wealth mean to you? Like, what does wealth mean to you?" Because if you hear that word, you may be thinking it means these fancy cars and this and that and right right, that's content. Right, that's wealth. But, you know, if that means that you don't get to see your family and you're having to manage all these things and, you know, you don't get a chance to be present with friends and have these moments that really put you light you up. Um is that really wealth? You know, and that's where you see all the people that are unfulfilled who are rich as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but they're unfulfilled. And that's because they're they're not leading with that. What fulfills me? Like, what fills my cup? You know, they're they're financially well, but they're physically empty, you know? And I think comes back to that question. Like, what actually makes you content? Cuz for most people, wealth when I when I was asked that question, I said, "Experiences." Like, wealth to me is experiences. If you can give me experiences with my friends, my family, moments, because you can kind of get to take that stuff with you a little bit, hopefully. But, the money and all the other stuff, while great, it's not going to fulfill you. It's not going to make you feel content per se. Or truly feel wealthy. You may be like you have some more zeros in your bank account, but you're not truly feeling wealthy cuz you don't have the experiences, you know? What are your thoughts on that? We'll finish up on this. Um that's a great segue, man. I wanted to talk about in the spirit of the abundance to give, um is you've heard the you've heard the term money will money will make you more of what you already are? Oh, yeah, they say if you're an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] before money, you'll be a bigger [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with it. Apply [laughter] that Apply that to giving. Mhm. That's That's what I want to leave everybody with. If you make $100,000 right now and you're giving zero of it, don't tell me you're going to give a lot when you have a million. Yeah. Because if if you can't separate from, let's say, 1% of it to do something that's on the behalf and benefit of others out of a place of abundance, &gt;&gt; Mhm. then it's a heart issue, not a adequately capacity issue of money. Yeah. And I know you probably already heard this online, as well, from someone else. And let me just echo that same thing, though. If you are lacking a heart set of giving even while you have a little, it will be even more difficult for you to give out of an abundance of a lot because the heart set part is missing. Got it. And I want people to self-survey and ask themselves, "Where am I at with this?" And I'm not saying how much you got to give, how you got to give. Find something that you can take from what you've received and put it into a direction where that money as a tool can go work for the betterment and on the behalf of someone who has less than you. Yeah. Cha-ching. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Everybody, I hope you enjoyed this one. This We got into all so many things, right? Faith, moments in life, you know, I always say I wanted to create this podcast not about inter- interviewing successful entrepreneurs, which we talked about your business a bit, right? And tactics and things of that. But, like, why? Like, people don't buy what you do, which is what you do, they're buying why you do it. Yeah. And understanding the depth of you as a human being attaches people to you emotionally and then they're like, "Dude, I can go hire any production team to do my production and media and filming and find my identity." And yeah, you may be better than most, but the real reason I'm going to come in and talk to you cuz, dude, that I I can act. I commonly and maybe to my own detriment, Justin, I commonly tell people I don't care where you go do your show, just go do a show. I I need you to do it at my house. You We're not We're at your house. I don't need you to come be my client. You're already doing it. You're setting an example for other people that I want them to find themselves in your story and they go, "Oh, I can do this, too." I don't need you to do it at my place. If you want to, that's fine. But, that's what we're built for. But, I If you live somewhere else or you don't want to do it with us, I don't care. What I care about is you doing it. Yeah. And you making your intentions known like you're telling and compelling people to do and to do it with great purpose so they can leave a legacy. They can leave something behind. They can teach somebody something. They can help someone get the thing they're missing in purpose in their life. They can help solve the problem they're having, their biggest headache, their biggest pain point. Uh avoid failure and achieve success from Donald Miller's StoryBrand, right? Like take take that journey in helping people achieve what they want to or what the failure they're hoping to avoid. Like I don't care where you do your show, man. I just care that people start doing it. Life's too short to not do it. And I promise you, the lessons you've learned in life from the hardships, the things you've overcome, the things you've achieved, the valleys and the summits are all lessons that can be bestowed upon someone else just as someone else's story has been bestowed upon you that you've probably credited part or a lot of your success to along the way. Remember that you can also be that same person as somebody else. Amen, baby. Uh what was the initial question on the AI? Uh you were talking about how, you know, there's the the volume of AI making on social media today. People looking for truth and authenticity and all this and we were talking about uh you you were basically asking like there should be like a watermark or something to designate AI or whatever. Yeah. So, um So, when it comes to AI and it comes to content, I think there's a right way to do it and a wrong way to do it and you're going to find an audience for both. Yeah. So, the people who are at the store looking for non-GMO organic food, the labels on the box, cage-free eggs, we're looking for the real thing. The If you're not looking for the real thing, you can find a lot of synthetic alternatives, a lot of manufactured alternatives, and you're going to find the same thing in content and media strategy now from this point moving forward. If you want to go down the AI route and you want to be in AI space, then you're going to have to be just as good or better than the other people in AI space. Mhm. If you want to be in the real space with real people, the non-GMO cage-free living life organic lifestyle, then you're going to have to be just as good or better than those people in the real space, too. And that's the way I'm seeing it in media space this year. Got it. But, should they have a watermark? I believe that the systems right now are doing a good job on the back end. They will have to at some point apply a front end answer. The back end answer is right now on YouTube when you upload something, it's asking if there's any altered content as part of what you're uploading. Well, that's a back end process inside the dashboard. Yes, it is. No, it's not. They'll segregate from there. I think on the front-facing side, for 3 years I've said this. I actually told one of my my friends who's a eight-time uh award winner as a creative director, I said, "At some point, content's going to come with a label that says organic or made by people or humans involved or whatever it's going to be because it's going to become so good and undecipherable that we're going to have to have a system that tells the audience, 'This is real content made by real &gt;&gt; now. Yeah. I mean, I'm I'm literally watching some of these videos and they're AI and I'm like, "Wow." Like if I didn't If I wasn't told that this was AI, I wouldn't know that this is AI. And so, yeah, no different than the Sora watermark or any of these other ones, there needs to be something put on by the platforms cuz they're the ones that can control the the filter the funnels that say, "Hey, boom. Boom. Boom." Just I don't care if it's small in the bottom that deciphers, "Hey, this is AI." So, at least from the human being, you're like, "Uh." Cuz it cuz it you're going to start to believe things that aren't true and or vice versa. And you're seeing it happen even what's going on with the uh the conflict [snorts] in the world right now. It may have to come from the government level and be honest with that because I'm thinking about the food ingredients on the box. Remember before the nutritional values ever on the box. &gt;&gt; or yeah. Well, but remember I think we're both old enough that the cereal box didn't always have the same nutritional stuff that's on the side of it now. Love them or hate them, I think it was during the Clinton administration that that got that got accomplished where they said, "Hey, manufacturers have to say what's in the box, what's nutritional value, what vitamins are there, how much salt and carbohydrates and sugar blah blah blah." That's why we have food warning That's why we have food on the side of boxes now. We're going to eventually have some sort of solution like that in the digital space, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't see a way where we don't. They have to because otherwise people are going to lose their F'ing minds. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we've already run that same play, in lack of a better term, that same play for something else in a different industry in a different time. We're going to end up running a similar play to that here coming soon if we if we're not if it's not already on its way and we just don't know about it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Amen. Thanks for having All right, everybody. Signing off. Till next time. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Hey.