So, I'm going to put up a little poll real quick because I always like to know, you know, people's kind of backgrounds, you know, why you're here tonight, stuff like that. So, let me put up a quick little poll. I want to know why actually you are here personally here tonight. And I don't know if it's kind of your first time. If you've been here before, that's great. But, you know, I always like to know, you know, what is people's inner motivation? Because beyond anything, right? You know, you could want to do this. you you see online multifamily, you hear about it. You apartment buildings, you know that it's a great mechanism. That's not the problem. And you it's just how do I get started? How would I do it? If I don't have a lot of money, how do I get started? I think I have to have a lot of money. It's only for experts. Deals are hard to find. All this kind of self-limiting belief systems that go into it. Um, how do we actually get through those? How do we break through and actually get started and get into the first deal, right? the first deal because the first deal like anything in life, it's going to get you motivated. It's going to give you confidence that you can actually do it and execute, right? Everybody knows about single family. Everybody's comfortable with that because it makes sense. But when you talk about multifamily, people think uh this that that all all the kind of self-belief systems and limiting belief systems step in. Um Walter, you'd ask 42 years of construction. I'm worn out. I hear you. So, I'm a licensed general contractor, just FYI. Um, I have my license and everything. We we've done building. I've come from a land entitlement, land development background, taking raw dirt, entitling it to permits, and then building, you know, lots of multif family, single family stuff. So, that's kind of my background in that front. Um, so I have that. I'm a licensed real estate broker as well. I got that many years ago. And I was selling homes just like any other real estate agent out there. I was selling homes, slanging the real estate. So, if you're in here and you're in real estate sales as an agent and you're trying to like, how do I get out of that hamster wheel? We can talk about that tonight. If you're in a normal 9-to-five job, how many people are in the nineto-five position, right? Working for the man, collecting a Friday W2 paycheck and you're pissed off and you're tired. Maybe you're not pissed off. Maybe you're just tired of the rat race and you're trying to say, "Okay, how do I take the money I'm earning from my W2 position, position it and buy some real estate, specifically multif family? And how would I do that if maybe I only have 20, 30, 50,000 bucks to invest and control a deal? How do I do that? How do I position my money to scale it and grow it and buy not just one single family house that gets me 200 bucks in cash flow every month, but how could I buy a multifamily building 10 to 30 units that would produce 2,000 to 4,000 a month for me? How could I do that and do it respectively and quickly? Um, leveling up on single family homes, multifamilies, and hotels. Love that, John. So, what we're going to talk about tonight, kind of giving you an agenda for it, is how to buy apartments and more importantly, how can you do it and execute in the next 90 days is now we're here in Q2 of 2025, you know, by the end of this year at the at the latest, how can I actually have a deal? And I'm curious, and it happens a lot sooner for a lot of people, but I always say it depends on how much you're willing to run. You know, if people want to come in and execute and spend 5 to 10 hours a week, because people ask me all the time, how much does how long does it take? five to 10 hours a week aside from your current job that you're going to be doing. You have your current nineto-5 and you come home, you have family time, things with the kids and the family. Great. And then, hey, when they go to bed, you need to dedicate an hour or two a night to go find deals. And how do you start that process? We're going to talk about that tonight. And then once you find deals, how do you analyze them quickly to make sure you're looking at good numbers? And then, great, I found a deal that makes sense with good numbers. How do I actually put it into escrow and do the capital and the financing and the structure? How do I do that? And then how do I actually close this thing and make sure I'm not getting into a money pit? We're going to go through that, okay? And all that stuff. But my main promise to you tonight is this. How to buy a 10 to 30 unit apartment deal in the next 90 days with as little as 20,000 bucks out of pocket. Would that be worth it to you if you could literally just learn that concept tonight? Chime in in the chat. Thumbs up, thumbs down. No, that's not enough, Justin. You suck. Or, hey, it's great. Let's get into it. Let's talk. But I want to break that down for you tonight. So, chime in the chat. Thumbs up if you think, hey, that's that'd be cool if you could show me that tonight, Justin. Thank you so much. Okay. Awesome, Henry. Thank you for that. Beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. People can just learn that concept um and how to get over some of these false belief patterns that we all have. I had it when I got started, so I understand what you're probably going through. And we're going to talk about those beliefs tonight. I always say this in full disclaimer. You know, you're not automatically going to become a millionaire by getting one apartment deal, especially not your first one. There's a reason why I'm here tonight telling you to focus on a 10 to 30 unit. And I'm not telling you to go after the home run for your first one. Go after 50 plus unit deals. They make more sense, right? It's economies of scale. The numbers are better for everybody. I understand the concept. So, kind of a offshift from that. So, does anybody know that Grant Cardone started his multif family career in San Diego, California, where I'm born and raised? Does anybody know that? And let me explain the story real quick because this actually relates directly to me. And the reason I know this story is because my current co-general partner on our deals was his partner and uh mentor or not mentor, I'd say more partner and broker, real estate broker, commercial broker. So, back in the late 90s, early 2000s, this is when Grant was actually doing the car sales and the uh coaching in the car sales business and all that stuff. You know, he came out of Louisiana, went into Houston, started flipping some houses and doing rentals in Houston. Moved out to San Diego after he was doing all the coaching stuff he's doing in car sales. Was living on Camina Deliccasta in La Hoya. One day in the late 90s, early 2000s, he walks across the street, runs into a broker, and her name was Anna Marie Bernard. This she was getting ready to post this house right on the waterfront on the beach in La Hoya and she's getting ready to put it on the market and he says, "No, no, no. Let's talk about this." And he gets her to sell him the house before it goes on the market. They buy it for 4 million and change. They turn around and they flip it, right? After doing the renovations, flip it for 9 million and change, right? makes his first big check and he talks about this. It's totally public. Talks about this. It was like the first check with a lot of zeros in it. Okay? He didn't know what to do with the money, right? He was going to get hammered in taxes. So, like any good professional and entrepreneur would do, he starts looking at how what do I do with the money? So, he starts running into different people. And one of these people he ran into was Rudy Medina. And he was a broker with Marcus and Milichap at that time. So, he and Rudy got together. So, do you know what Grant Cardone's first apartment deal was? Remember I tell you t 10 to 30 units. Grant Cardone's first apartment deal was a 30 unit apartment deal in PointLoma in San Diego. His second deal was a 48 unit in Vista. It's a suburb of San Diego. And then from there they did very very well. He went off and did stuff in Tucson. And then from there it's Grant Cardone's Grant Cardone. So that is the story of how Grant Cardone started. And even he started with 30 units and he'll tell you 16 to 30 units is ideal. I say 10 to 30. 10 to 30. Okay. Very very important. The reason why this is so critical for everybody to understand the economies of scale are accurate in the bigger space. That is accurate. But you have about that big of a chance at getting a deal over 50 units if you've never done it before. you you literally could go right now tonight and go try and break into the White House before you can get a 50 plus unit deal just because the capital the resume required because you if you are a newbie that newbie status is going to be a problem for you. So you're going to there's all kinds of other pieces of that puzzle that make it very very difficult. Okay. So this is the reason we target in that 10 to 30 is because you're still dealing in the mom and pop space where you'll deal with mom and pop brokers, mom and pop sellers, mom and pop lenders. They expect you to be a newbie, be more of a novice, to take stuff down like that. So that's why, okay, that's why. So on this disclaimer, yeah, you're not going to become a millionaire on your first deal. I started in 2008. Anybody remember this beautiful financial crisis? If anybody was in that, how awesome that was for everybody? I mean, who here lost a bunch of money in 2008 through 2010? Did you lose houses? Did you lose relationships? Did you lose jobs? Did you lose like retirements? I mean all that who lost during the financial crisis of 2008 to 2010. Super curious. But that's kind of how I came into it. You know, I watched my dad go through a massive situation. I'll tell you about. But that's how I got started going through that. But I knew I wanted to be a millionaire, right? When you talk about a million, it's not just million net worth. It's a million liquidity. And in order to do that, it's literally $2,379 per day. I don't know if any of you guys have actually calculated that out, but it literally is that, right? Right? It literally is that $2,379 a day to be a millionaire to get a million bucks a year. And I knew that that is something like, hey, I wanted to do that. And it wasn't about the money, right? It's not about what the like the actual dollars and cents. It's that money for me and I don't what it means to you. Money to me is choices. It's choices, right? When I see a million dollars, I see a million choices. When I see $10,000, I see 10,000 choices. Money simply gives you choices. Some people make good choices with it, right? Some people make bad choices, meaning they go to, you know, nightclubs and they put it up their nose and they buy all kinds of stupid stuff and Ferraris and Lambos and all kinds of crazy stuff with it. And there's nothing that it's not that, I guess, wrong with buying fancy things, but you can make good choices, which is having experiences with your family, your friends, giving back, leaving a legacy. You know, maybe it's a faithful thing that you want to give back to a church and charities and other organizations, but money gives you those choices. So, that's why, and we'll get into that kind of what is your leading factors behind all this because it can't just be chasing the deals, chasing the money. That won't get you there. There has to be a deeper burn inside of you that we can help find that we can help find. So, that is like the whole crux behind that. But I did start with one conduct. It was a $100,000 literally in 2010 right in the midst of the financial crisis. I want to say it was even a little bit earlier than that. You know, I'm sitting there in a conference and uh real estate conference and I just knew that we had to buy property in the midst of all that blood and chaos. We had to buy property. But I didn't have any money at that time. I was getting clobbered. I was in real estate. But I did have a friend. I had a friend who was not. He was in the tech space and he could help start us off. He could provide that kind of seed capital, the down payment and he could help sign on the first loan and I could find the deal. I could analyze it. I could put it together. I could manage. Right? So I say you bring the check equity. So remember this, these are great terms. You bring the check equity or the sweat equity. The check equity or the sweat equity. The sweat's very very valuable. I had that at that time. I just needed the check equity and this is where my partner came in. And that's literally how we took down our first deal, $100,000 condo in the midst of the financial crisis. And then from there, that thing cash flowed beautifully, right? But this was the financial crisis going through it. And there were stories written about my dad when he went through it. I had to watch that happen. I don't know if you know if any of you have watched your parents lose everything. um you know if you've been through really tough times either personally or financially and watching this go down you know but uh yeah I watched my dad go through that financial crisis and went through a massive bankruptcy massive bankruptcy highly overleveraged at that time because of what happened and then as values tanked uh the you know the debt and the leverage was still there it was too violent it was too fast you couldn't get out of it and so it spiraled very very quickly um but it taught me a lot of things taught me that I love cash flow. I love cash flow and I love um staying underleveraged underleveraged. So this is why the cash flow in the apartment game is so um important to me and why from that moment it's set in stone in my mind that this is the route I'm going to go that I don't need the sexy because my dad was really good at making money. He was also good at losing money or spending the money. And he would also get caught in cycles because he was in the build and sell game. The build and sell game. The build and sell game. And that's great when the markets are great. But when markets take a shift and you get caught, party's over. When you're in the apartment space, you're able to ride through that. As long as you're not overleveraged on your loans, which most people aren't in this space, and you keep your debt fixed rate debt, not variable as you go through these cycle changes, you can ride through even tough waters. You can make your mortgage payments. You can get through tough times to get to the upside if you have to ride through tough waters. That's why apartments are so awesome. But I had to go through this. So after the 2008 collapse, I became an asset manager for a lot of the major banks. I don't know if you're in the real estate space if you even remember that, but I was the guy behind the computer screens working with all the banks to help, you know, asset manage these properties through the foreclosure process all the way through to give them out back to the market through realtors to sell them as REOs. And I was doing that for a couple years. It was crazy. It was the most insane thing I'd ever seen. And how irrational the banks are. But I learned how to asset manage. I learned how to manage property during that time. It was a key key moment for me. And then from 2010 to 2020, I was a real estate broker. I was selling real estate. Yeah. So having that real estate background, I did that for 10 years and I was very successful. I did a lot of stuff in Southern California, making good money, selling luxury homes along the coastline in San Diego. Um, enjoyed it, right? The one thing I did not enjoy as much is the emotional side of the game. Was very good at the marketing side and helping people, but the emotional side was tough and I needed to get out of that rat race. I wanted to get into more of this game of investments and multif family and development, even flipping houses. We flip houses, all that stuff. But I had to make that transition for myself. So, how did that happen? Right? And if you're in here and you have a nineto-ive as a lot of people have the career in the nineto-ive space or maybe you have a career, you're more of an entrepreneur. Either way, you have something that you're doing probably 8 to 10 hours a day currently. And so now the question becomes, okay, I want to do this, but how do I dedicate the time and to be able to actually pivot and then make enough money in it to where at some point down the road here, I can make a transition if I choose. And how do I pull that off? No different than I did. I'd come home after an 8 to 10 hour day selling homes, deal with family time and kids and all that other family stuff. Kids go to bed and everything. And then dad's on the computer for an hour or two a night looking for deals until you get that first one. And then the first one turns into two. and the two turns into three. But you have to start with one. But that is how that game works. It's going to be a double hustle in the evenings until you get those first few deals. And then you're going to start making enough money from those deals. Then now you're going to have a beautiful choice to make. Do I stick with what I'm currently doing or do I begin to make the transition? And I got to a point where I was making enough money in the multifamily space that I said bye-bye to the residential sales. And I was making good money. But in my mind, it was more important to do what I had passion for and do what I had love for than it was about just the money for me. So very, very important to understand your guys' timelines. And then 2018, the OPM game starts and that's where I had to learn about that. So let me show you how that worked. So one unit, 2010, $100,000 condo. Eight years later, mostly with our own money, we got up to 20 units and about $3.5 million in assets. Now, for most people, they'd say, "Hey, that's pretty good." And it was pretty good, and it was all with our own money, but we wanted to scale. We wanted to grow further. But the problem everybody runs into is you start running out of capital. Like, you either don't have it or you run out of what you do have. So, how do you then scale? How do you grow? Well, in order to do that, you have to learn this game. You have to learn this game of OPM, other people's money. Does anybody have a fear in here of raising money or using other people's money in conjunction with theirs to go buy real estate? Henry, I had never tried it either until my first one. You got to remember, and this is important for everybody to understand. Every rich person was at one point broke. Every great entrepreneur that you see out there was at some point didn't have it. So, they had to break through whatever limiting belief systems they had that were holding them back from leaping off and going and getting it. They had to fight through those mental blocks. It's not easy. If it was, everybody would do it. But the question is, how bad do you want it? Do you kind of want it? Because if you kind of want it, then you're kind of going to have success. If you really want it, then you can really have success. And so that's the difference. You have to get to that underlying root. It's going to really power you through that that resistance block when you hit it. Uh it's hard to find PML. What's PML, people? Am I liquid? I don't even know what that is. What is PML? That's the first I've heard that. Private money. Oh, private money lenders. Private money lenders. Private money lenders. Okay. Um it is not hard to find private money lenders. There is private money lenders all over the place. Do you know what it is hard to find, Simone? Good deals. Good deals. If you have good deals, the money will chase you. You won't even be able to run away fast enough. It'll chase you so fast because money loves making money and love money loves speed. Then money loves good deals. Trust me, your problem is not the money. Your problem is good deals. So, we're going to hit on that. How do you find good deals? Because that is pillar number one. If you can't find good deals, there's no point in analyzing them and there's no point in talking about money. No point. No point. So, we're going to talk about finding deals, but it talk does start with mindset, right? Does start with mindset because for us to do this, for us to go in 2018 with 20 units and three and a half million and then in a short time after that today having nearly a,000 units and about 185 million in assets that we own, you don't do that without a positive mindset shift because I had to go into this OPM game. I'd never done it before. I never understood it. The first deal we even did was 27 units. I had to raise almost $900,000. I'd never raised a lick of money in my life. I was hyperventilating. Literally, as we went into escrow, the closing when we knew we had the deal, I'm like, "Oh my god, we have this deal now. What am I going to do? Like, how am I going to get the money?" Like, like my butt's on the line. Like, how are we going to do this? I've never done it. I got the deal now and it's a good deal, right? It was a good deal. That wasn't my problem. Now, I was like, I was getting caught up in the money side. What I soon found out very quickly, very quickly, is that money loves making money and money will chase good deals. And I had to send out all of one email to a few people who then sent it out to a few more and sent it out to a few more. And that deal made good sense. The money came flying in. Trust me, find good deals, the money will find you. Okay. Um, and we'll talk about that, Walter. Great point. Everybody freaks out. We're going to get into that because there's two ways to find deals. There's only two ways on planet Earth to find deals and that's it. We're going to talk about them tonight. But it does deal with the mindset shift. Mindset shift. So real question is this. Back to the main question. How can you buy a 10 to 30 unit apartment building in the next 90 days with $20,000 out of pocket? $20,000 out of pocket. We have to get through a couple limiting belief systems. Limiting belief systems. And you could literally go ask chat GPT this question. What are the top three limiting belief systems that most investors have before getting into multifamily apartment building investing? What are they? Number one, I need a lot of money to get started. That's what most people think. Number two, multif family is too complex. You have to be expert to get involved. This is literally straight out of chat beat GPT and and it it lines up with everybody I talk to. Number three is that deals are hard to find and the market is oversaturated. So, we're going to start with the first one. Let's start with the first one that you need a lot of money. I want to break that down and kind of take that. I want to chuck it out the window so you can kind of get in your mind that you don't need a lot of money. You just need a skill set so you can execute at this level. Okay? A skill set that you can execute at this level. So, here we go. Belief number one that you need a lot of money to get started. Let's break down a simple deal that I have on screen here. Let's say that this was a 15-unit apartment building. 15unit apartment building that you could go buy for $100,000 per unit. So that would give you the price of 1.5 million. Now, let's say we're going to renovate this property and put in $100,000 in renovation dollars to improve it, which would also help us raise rents and do all this stuff. Then we have closing cost. That's what CC stands for, closing cost. $50,000 in closing cost. So, our total all-in cost for this deal is a,650. Break this down how you're going to make this deal happen and how it comes together. You're going to go out and get a loan of which, by the way, in the back end of our community, we have all the lenders that can provide financing. So, if you don't want to go chase down and find lenders and all that stuff, not a problem. We have people inside our community that do it and we provide those as an access point to say, "Hey, submit the deals. They'll review them. You can get financing on all different types of apartments." Okay? So, the loan side's easier than getting a home loan for 200 grand. I'm dead serious. Does anybody know why that is? Why is it easier for me to go out and get a million150 apartment loan than it is for me to go get a $200,000 house loan? So, think of a apartment building as literally a business like a subway, right? It's got revenue, has expenses, and has a profit. It's an apartment building, but it generates it. It's literally its own operating business. And the bank looks at it as such. And as long as that net operating income, as was mentioned in here, NOI, net operating income, is great enough to substantiate the bank loan payment every month, the bank will literally throw the money out the front window of the bank and they will hit you in the forehead out by your truck. Okay? It's that simple. It's financials. It has nothing to do with how they feel. It has nothing to do has very little to do, I should say, with your personal financials. They're not underwriting you. They're underwriting the property. That is why that is literally why I will get a harder time getting a $200,000 house loan than a million1 apartment loan. Okay, so getting that loan is not that hard. 70% loan to value, right? So we're not overleveraging the property. Now you have about a half million dollar in down payment that you need to bring in. And this is what usually stops most people. They're like, "Holy crap, I know that's too much money. I don't have it. Peace out." And they stop. That's the limiting belief that kicks in right there. What they don't understand is how this game works. Let's break it down. So, you are going to bring in about 10% of the money. Okay? 10% of the money. Now, the rest is OPM, other people's money. Now, keep in mind, remember when I say this, OPM makes up a whole litany list of things. That could be private lenders. It could be seller financing, which a lot of the people get seller financing that can make up that gap for you. It could be friends and family. It could be people even in our community, which is why people like to collaborate and partner on deals and come into communities where deals are happening. Collaboration happens. All the above. OPM is OPM, other people's money, which means it's not yours. That's all that it matters. But it comes from a multitude of sources. Okay? So, don't worry about that. What you need to worry about is that the deal is a good deal. Because if it's a good deal, it'll attract that money like white on rice. Okay? Trust me. So, now you have the OPM. Here's where it gets fun. So, you're bringing in 10% of the money. You're getting 40% of the deal. So, think about that for a minute. You're only bringing in 10% of the money, but you're getting 40. You're 4xing your deal. You're getting 40% of the deal for 10% of the money. Plus, one of the ways you get paid when you do this game of syndicating in apartments is an acquisition fee. Has anybody heard of an acquisition fee before? So 10% of the money you're bringing in for 40% of the deal, plus you get an acquisition fee, which is typically 2 to 3% of the purchase price. 2 to 3% of the purchase price. So Bruce said, "Yes, I've heard of it." He's including Rena and the closing cost. That is correct uh in that in that total amount. So with all of that in mind, think about this. You're bringing in 50k, but you're getting a $30,000 acquisition fee, which is built into the total cost of the deal. So you're really out of pocket what? you're really out of pocket 20k. So, think about this for a minute. For $20,000 physically out of pocket, I have control of a 15 unit multi-million dollar apartment building of which I have 40% of that deal. I have 100% of the control. Keep in mind, difference between ownership and control. So, you have full decision- making, full control of the deal, and then 40% for 10% of the money. Does that sound interesting to anyone in here on how that game works? Because this is how you syndicate apartments. This is how you scale your money. This is how you do it with 20 to 50,000 bucks out of pocket all day long. Our I can break down deal after deal after deal. I can break down everybody that's in our community. This is the exact same structure that's being used. And it's hilarious when people think they need some gobba money and then they see it and they actually see it happen because most people won't believe this crap until it actually happens and then they're like, "Holy, you know what? Like this was real." Like I can't believe that I now own a multi-million dollar apartment building for 20 $30,000 out of pocket. That just sounds insane, like illegal. But no, this is how the game of scaling money with OPM works. So very, very important. Sounds like a good deal. How do we find it? We're going to get into that. Great question. So, let's keep going. Let's get into a frequently asked questions that I get. And I have some more towards the end, too. But these first ones are this. I want to make $10 to $20,000 a month in income. Because I get this all the time. I want to make 10 to $20,000 in income from this. How many deals do I need to make this happen? Three to four deals. Three to four deals. So, if you're in here saying, "Okay, I'm got my job. I'm doing this. I'm doing that. How many deals do I need to get under my belt in the 10 to 30 unit space? Keep in mind 10 to 30 unit space to get an average of 10 to $20,000 a month. It's going to be right around 3 to four deals because on average you're going to be making 2500 to 4,000 a month for you in cash flow on your typical deal size. Okay? So, just you understand that when you're kind of walking back into this stuff and why it's so valuable. If you think about it, I want you to honestly think about if you went out and bought a $300,000 single family home that was producing three to 500 bucks a month in free cash flow to you. For that $500,000 house, because it's a rental property, you're going to have to put 20% down. That's a $100,000 and you're only making $500 a month on it. I just showed you for the $20,000 out of pocket how you can make two 2500 to 4,000 a month and on and we're not even getting into the tax benefits yet. We're just talking straight money here. Do you see where I'm going with it? The only reason people don't do as much of this is because they get into their heads that it's too complicated, too hard to find deals, I need too much money, all the stuff that we're talking about. So, that's really, really key. Let's talk about question number two I get a lot. How much time is needed each week to be successful? 5 to 10 hours a week in the beginning. 5 to 10 hours a week in the beginning. So, yes, you can do this while you have another career and a job. That's how I got started. I showed you that. Okay. Number three, real quick. I only have 20 to 50K. Can I get started doing this? We answered that question 100%. You know, while some capital is needed to own and syndicate apartments, you're learning the process of scaling money and you're leveraging your money with other people's money to own and control apartments. It's that simple. Okay? There's obviously complexities to it, but it's that simple and it's and it's kind of high level. Okay. Um Samson had asked, "Aquisition fee equals 1 to 3% of the total purchase price." That is accurate. Typically, it's 2 to three, Samson. 2 to 3% is very, very standard. The only time it gets down to 1% is when you're doing big big big deals. So, we had a 220 unit deal that we closed on in Texas. $31 million deal, right? They weren't going to give us a 3%. They weren't giving us 900 grand, but they did give us one and a half%. Okay? So, on a $30 million deal, we're making 400 something,000 bucks on one deal. Okay? On an acqu that's just the acquisition fee. So, that's just that frontage. Okay? Just how that game works. So yes, to answer your question, um, so Walter answered that sounds like a good deal. Cool. Let's keep moving on. So to talk about this belief that everybody has that you need a lot of money. If you found, let me ask you this. If you found a 20 unit that made financial sense in the next 90 days, could you in this chat right now, could you get access to 20 to 50,000 bucks to go own and control and manage that deal? Could you do it? Yes or no? If I was going to give a Rolex away tonight. And you know that a Rolex is worth at least a few thousand bucks, probably more. And I was going to give it away for $50, but all of you had zero dollars in your bank account. You had zero dollars in your bank account as of right now. And all you needed was $50 knowing that you could get thousands from the Rolex. Knowing that information, could you go do it? Yes or no? Simone, you couldn't go find $50 to go make thousands. Yes, you can. The reason why people hold themselves back is because you know the Rolex's value. So therefore, you know with a high degree of certainty that if I can get 50 bucks and own this thing and get it and I know it's worth thousands, I'm going to 10x my money or 100x my money, right? Because you know with like certainty. So the only thing stopping you is the certainty and the belief of the value. That's it. Because everything else is all fugazi fugazi. So as long as you have that belief pattern that you know the value is there, you'll go for it. It's just usually people will stop because they're not willing to jump off the cliff once they have information and just make it happen. So that's the difference. So good good points though. But yes, you absolutely could. So you're going to come in with 20 to 50,000 bucks. You're going to get 40% of the deal and acquisition fee of 30K. And you get five to eight ways you get paid. And we haven't even talked about the five date ways yet. So with that the belief pattern that you need a bunch of money to do this is just not accurate. It's not accurate. 20 to 50,000 bucks you could absolutely get started for $45,000 out of pocket. My first deal was a 27 unit 2.2 million apartment building in the Midwest for $47,000 out of pocket. So 100% gets done. Okay. 100%. Everybody else that does this, this is how they do it. Okay. So, we can take that and check it out the window. Now, so now belief pattern number two that it's very complex and only experts can do it. Uh Sharon, you're missing the point. The income is the property's income, not yours. So, getting a loan, keep in mind, it's a commercial loan. So, getting that loan is easier than getting uh a home loan. If you're getting a home loan, you're right. You would have to show all your income because they'd be using you personally. You personally. So, expert. Okay. Some people believe it, some people don't. Okay. Well, the good news is this. All these people that are in community and doing this stuff and executing at a high level, none of them were experts when they started. None of them. Everybody had to learn this. Everybody was at different points. Some people maybe had a little bit of a real estate background. Other people literally have dog walking companies. I mean, it's just it's random where people's lives are at. But it just comes down to how bad do you want it, right? How bad do you want it? Because the information is out there. I mean, you can go find information for free. That's not the problem. But it's what you do with the information, right? The handholding and the process for it. How do you actually execute? How do you get across the finish line? How do you avoid ma major mistakes and money mistakes? How do you collapse time, right? How do you do this in a short window versus taking years? And how do you do this without, you know, losing hundreds of thousands of dollars? That's the key, right? Collapse time and avoid mistakes. That's why community and collaborations are so important. So when to being an expert is just not the truth, right? So let me ask you this. The process that may seem intimidating at first at first, but really it's about following a step-by-step blueprint that breaks down every step into actionable, understandable parts, okay? Empowering you to navigate the marketplace confidently, even if you're just starting out. Would you agree with that? Would you agree with this kind of statement that yes, it's seemingly complex and intimidating at first, but I see it all the time. Once people get through it and they get their first deal, no different than I did, then you're like, it settles you down. You gain the confidence and now you're like, man, I I've been waiting how long? I've been putting myself through what kind of agony in my brain. This is why I wasn't doing this stuff. This is crazy. Like, I should have been doing this 10 years ago. You'll tell yourself that after you get your first deal, you absolutely tell yourself that. Akus did. I mean, what's really cool, I'm giving you example here with Akis. English is her second language. She's in the medical field. Has nothing to do with real estate. She figured this out and she's executing. So, as soon as I listened to the crash course, I got hooked. It was It was so funny because that one is a small course. Um, however, I think I shared with you before that one of the parts that I enjoy the most is that you simplify language for many of us and English is my second language. So, I really enjoy the way that you were teaching and and in being able to kind of explain the complex details and nuance in a layman's term simple format to where it actually resonates. Is that what I'm gathering? Correct? Because there is a lot of terminology out there for real estate that seems very intimidating, especially for those who are new to the real estate, right? Um, investment business and you made it so easy and simplify it in a way that for me resonates. It reminded me a little bit of the Rich Dad Poor Dad book. It's like I will take that compliment. You know what's so cool with Akiss, just to give you an example, and she's one of many, is not only is she executing at that level of apartments, but she ended up becoming a passive investor in other apartment buildings that we own. So, she's doing playing both sides of the coin, passive and active investor, which is incredible. And then you take someone like Steve, right? General contractor Steve, I call him, upper Midwest, buys his first deal in Cleveland, 39 units. It was not too complex for a general contractor that had really no major real estate experience. had built stuff but never in the transaction game. But this was his story. Super stoked for you. Everybody give Steve a clap. So 30 39 units. That was the Cleveland deal we were talking about. How many stories is that thing? It's four stories. Uh a little over 40,000 square feet with 4,000 square feet of commercial space. Right. It's very challenging. That is that the one you're getting the tax uh advantages on and all that stuff too tax 100% tax abate. Uh and I just saw a funny thing from Thomas that chime in. He said if I become a mentee and get it, do I get some merch? Uh yeah, absolutely you can get some merch. By the way, these are um melon caps that we random stuff. So Melon Sandy or I think he's a Southern California kid. uh hated, you know, being in the water, getting sunburnt, but needed a cap. But none of them were waterproof, so he created melon. These are specialty caps. Amazing caps, by the way. So, if you need a great cap, melon melon caps are incredible. So, working through this, Brian, you know, this is one of my favorite stories recently. Brian, he's actually on his third deal, by the way. He got his first one, second one, and his third one's a 58 unit, right? 58 unit for his third deal. Remember, got his first one, 22 units. went in the next one a little larger. Now the third one's 50 plus units. But he had to he had to he had to walk before he ran because now he's got a little bit of a resume. Right now he can go after the bigger deals because he's got a resume. He's not a newbie per se. But when you're a newbie, that 10 to 30 unit space is the sweet spot where everybody executes at dog walking training company. 22 units for his first deal in Oklahoma and Tulsa. And I love when he posts on social media. It's my favorite Um so Thomas had asked no he was not uh a first student. Uh he everything has been started last year with us. Uh but no not not the first mentee. Uhuh. But uh it's like anything you and I and I tell people this. We can teach you everything. The information is not the problem. You can go on YouTube and binge watch till you're dead. It's what you do with it. And then more importantly, I can't teach you motivation. I cannot teach you motivation. Which is why I ask you like what is that driving force in you? And you got to dig a little deeper inside of you. Like why are you even here tonight? I when you talked about well why is it is it your family is it you want your you keep telling your kids and your family you're going to do something and you don't maybe it's that maybe it's watching all your other friends around you kick ass and take names and you're not I mean I can tell you most of the time it's pain right when people tell you it's it's pleasure they're full of crap right you think about it they're full of crap and we're all full of crap because if it were pleasure then we would all lose weight when we say we want to lose weight. Why? Because the pleasure of looking good and feeling good would make us drive us to do it. It's not the case. But I guarantee if you had a doctor's appointment, your doctor said you lose 10 pounds and you're dying in a week, your ass is losing 10 pounds. Why? The fear and the pain. That will move your ass. But the other stuff, unfortunately, pleasure doesn't get the job done. Pain does. So, we need to find that deeper rooted pain as to why you're even here tonight. What's maybe some internal anger that's moving you forward? because that's going to get you through resistance of wanting to quit and then not quitting, right? It's going to get you through the days that you don't want to get out of bed. There's some days I, you know, because my alarm goes off at 4:30. I don't want to get out of bed. I don't want to do it sometime. But you know what? I do because there's an internal drive that's driven by pain for me and everybody else. You need that kind of driving force for you to push you and to continue to push you when you don't want to go. It's very, very, very important. So part of coming into community and collaboration and having accountability and all that stuff that has to happen is not so much for the actual how-to, but it's the accountability side of, hey, let's go. You're you're hitting a roadblock. Okay, fine. Let's find a way through it because you got to push through. The only reason you lose is if you quit. It's the only way you lose is if you quit. Just don't ever give up and you'll be fine. And just stay the course. Okay, that's my Tony Robbins for the night. So, let me ask you this question though. Does anybody know who Ken Moy is? Anybody know who Ken Moy is? Nutsome genius? Bought his first investment property in 1990 while he was a freshman in college. He had no previous experience. Right? Today, Ken Muckaro, you can look him up. I mean, the guy is worth gods of money, right? $3 billion in assets, 9,000 units in five states. He's regarded as one of the gurus in the industry, right? Super cool dude, right? But he was not an expert at first. Had to start somewhere. Does anybody know these faces? They weren't experts either, right? I was not an expert. Grant Cardone was not an expert. He came into it literally from my co-general partner, Rudy Medina, who was also my mentor, by the way. That's how Grant Cardone learned, right? He was really good at coaching and sales and car sales and all that other stuff. But once he got his teeth sunk into multif family after those first two deals and he and his family made a crapload of money through Rudy Medina and our partner, he figured it out and I mean he went right as we all know. Brandon Turner, great guy, Bigger Pockets and then also has his stuff going on with Better Life Now. Ryan Pana, Carlos Reyes, apartment rockstar, Robert Robert Martinez, if you know any they were not experts, right? So you got to we got to get past that limiting belief, the false belief that you have to be an expert. It's just not true. It's just not true. So take that belief that you think, hey, you have to be an expert to do this, right? We dispelled that tonight. So now we got two of the three down. You need a lot of money, dispelled that. You have to be an expert, dispelled that. What you need is a go-getter spirit. We can make it happen. You're bringing the sweat equity or the check equity. Remember that. Remember I told you earlier I didn't have a lot of money at some point. So I had to bring the sweat, the value, the knowledge because it was very valuable to somebody with money. So they brought in the capital, the initial kind of seed capital. I brought in the ability, the sweat. We made it happen. So you bring one or the other to the table. Okay, one or the other to the table. So now let's talk about how you find deals. And a great question just came in from Craig. How do you uh how do you do this in today's market with new investors joining daily and more and more groups? Um, elaborate on that a little bit more, Craig. A little bit more so I can answer that question a little more poignant for you. How do you do this in today's market with new investors joining daily in more and more groups? Well, I will tell you right there in your statement is actually a limiting belief pattern, right? Because you're assuming all these other people coming into it are going to do anything. You're assuming that all these other groups and investors, right, are have better abilities than you. I mean, what you don't realize is that a lot of people talk, but very few people do. You know, like my dad would always say, you know, son, there are doers and there are dreamers in this world. There are doers and there are dreamers in this world. Doers, they will take their dreams, they will make them a reality, right? Dreamers, they just keep on dreaming, baby. All they do is talk, talk, talk, dream, dream, dream. Say they're going to do something, and then they don't. They come up with excuse after excuse. I'm tired today. I'll do it tomorrow. I'll get to it later. Do all the other Right? Grab your wavos rancheros and let's go. Right? Make stuff happen because no one's coming to save you. You know, I know everybody's here's heard this before, right? But you've got to get angry enough. There has to be enough of a pain and deep in you. It's like enough is enough. Has anybody had a defining moment in their life? Lost a loved one, realized how precious life is, um been around something that's like moved you and changed you, right? Because pain and when you have these moments can actually drive you to greatness. So, if you've had that, if you've lost a loved one and you sit there and you say, "Man, life's so short." Yeah, it is. It is. And you could sit there and you could wonder or you can go get it. But you need something that internally is going to drive you when you don't want to do stuff. That internally is going to push you when hey, you're like kind of tired. But you know what? That fear and the pain of something is going to move you through it. And you know, you got to dig deep and find that and you got to bring it out and use that every day because that's going to help you get through things that you don't want to do. It's just the way life is. Um, yeah. And Walter, thank you for sharing that. I'm being a little vulnerable, Walter. Yeah, you work so much I've missed the passing of my family members. H Yeah, I hear you. Um, life is short. Most fall asleep and let their paycheck kill their dreams. Oo, that is a great quote. I'm going to steal that one. Most fall asleep and let their paycheck kill their dreams. Do you think it's because they get comfortable and they're they'reh scared to be uncomfortable? Probably. Probably. Um, yeah. I mean, it's, trust me, it's when you get the nice little paycheck coming in or everything's kind of cushy, shaking that up at all, uh, is scary. It's scary. But once again, what do you want for yourself? What do you want for yourself? So, let's talk about finding deals because there's only two ways to find deals. direct to broker or direct to owner. Direct to broker or direct to owner. There's only two ways to do this. Okay. Now, the direct to broker approach is kind of how I started off. I mean, I didn't know how to do all this stuff, but I knew I had to find offmarket deals. Okay. Does anybody know the websites cruxy.com, loopnet.com, or co-star.com? Okay. So, anytime you look at those websites, just know this. All you're seeing is leftovers. That's all you're seeing. You're seeing the properties that don't make financial sense, which is why they're on the websites, and you look at them and you're like, "Crap, nothing makes sense and deals are hard to find and the market's oversaturated." That's why you're saying that because that's all you're seeing because you're only seeing about 40% of the actual market. All those websites aren't showing you the actual market. They're showing you 40% of it. You're getting the leftovers. The real deals are pre-market and offmarket. Everybody knows this. But then the question becomes how do I get access to them? There's only two ways to get access to them. Direct to the broker through relationships or direct to the owners through software. That's it. So the way that we teach most of it is the director broker approach because it's the least expensive and the least time consuming. That's how I got started. Let me give you an example in 201 1718 was just getting into the syndication game of this OPM right we'd already gotten to our 20 plus units. Now we wanted to scale and grow. We had to go out of state because California was too expensive. So I started looking around different markets for what I wanted to invest in. I ran into a couple people that said, "Hey, look into Kansas City, Missouri." My first thought was Kansas City. Like Kansas City. They're like, "Trust me, look into Kansas City." So I did. I liked what I saw. Population growth, job growth, median household income was all in the good green lines. So I had a broker friend that lived out there. What I did is I went on to kxy.com. I found three apartment buildings in a general area that I liked, represented by three different brokers, picked up the phone. Hey, Mr. Broker, I'm taking a look at your 13 unit here on East Street Main Street in Kansas City. I'm interested in it. Looks like it's been on the market a couple weeks. Tell me a little bit about it. Small talk happens. Great. Look, I'm going to be out there in about a week. I'd love to take a tour of it, meet you, and we're going to be buying in Kansas City, but I'd love to take a look at this property. Can we set that up? And there'll be a little bit of back and forth. They may ask you a few questions. That's all kind of nuance and detail stuff we can get into, but that's how that first and it happens three times. One property, two property, three properties. So now I have my tour set up. Now I'm flying out to Kansas City. Now you may be in a market. It's in your backyard. I had to go and actually do it out of state. So I know that whole game. So now we are here in Kansas City. I tour the three properties. None of them made financial sense. That was not the point of that tour. The point of the tour was to meet the broker bellyto belly, handshake to handshake, cowboy to cowboy, and let's talk because this deal doesn't make sense. But you know what? Hey, Mr. Broker, I'm sure you have other deals you're working on. Things may be coming up. We're going to buy here. I'd love to buy through you. Can I get on your list so that way you can send me some pre-market deals you're working on? Because here's the process by which a property comes to market in the commercial space. Unlike residential, this is the difference. In residential, the listing agent gets the property. They have to stick it on the MLS so it syndicates to all these websites. Zillow, truly redfintor.com, not commercial. Broker gets the listing. They put together a nice little marketing package. They send it out via email quietly to about 20 to 50 of their own little buddy investor people. It gets circulated amongst those people for about two weeks. In that two week phase, pre-market, the property will sell about 80% of the time. If it does not sell, then it moves to the websites where it sits with the leftovers. That's the process by which multif family and commercial buildings come to the market. So now your game is you got to get to the brokers. That's the stuff we teach. Direct to the brokers. That's how you find the good deals that make financial sense. The other one is direct to owner. We have a software now. We've been using it for quite some time. Now we're starting to allow our people in the community to use it to find direct to owner deals direct to the owners. It uses AI, all kinds of stuff on top of it to go find them, allow you to market to them and pick up opportunities direct to the owners. There's only two ways to do it because I know you all know this. You're looking at the websites and you're going, "Yeah, but none of these deals make sense and there's not enough inventory." Well, yeah, because you're only seeing 40% of the inventory and yeah, the deals don't make sense because by the time they got there, you're dealing with the leftovers that didn't sell before. That's why the whole game. The whole game. Beautiful. Let's keep going. So, the belief that deals are hard to find and the market's oversaturated just isn't totally true. Now, if you do it alone, then deals are hard to find. If you do it alone, deals are hard to find. But if you do it in conjunction with other people, it makes sense. So, the direct to broker approach. What if you found a community of other investors doing deals around the United States where you could learn insider techniques? Equip yourself with the skills to uncover offmarket gems by using the broker market listings like I just showed you where you could see deals that others miss and providing you that market in the in the right market in there for potential deals. Like what if you could do that with prepared investors and you don't have to do it alone. You do it in collaboration. Very very valuable because that's how you get the director broker approach. On top of that, direct owners. What if you had a software? What if you had a software that did all the work for you and you just had to pick up the phone and dial for dollars? Would that be valuable to you? And it's direct to these things aren't even close to the market. It could be because I get called every day, right? And if you own apartments, you get called every day. Sometimes you get called by brokers wanting to list your properties. Other times you get called by investors who are sending you mailers. Happens all the time. The brokers are going to win nine times out of ten, which is why I recommend starting with the direct to broker approach and then you can go to the direct to owner approach. That's how I started. But we have both, right? We have both. But that's how you're going to do it. That's how you're going to do it. Okay? So the belief that deals are hard to find and the market's oversaturated. If you do it alone, deals are hard. You're correct. If you do it collaboration and partnerships, it's not. You do it together. You do it together. That's how you win. collaborations, partnerships, that's how deals happen. It's it's hard in this game if you're doing it alone, okay? It's really, really critical. Let's talk about single family and multifamily, the differences between them because in single family, yeah, you can get some monthly cash flow rentals. Yes, you can get profits from a sale, but with multifamily, you get that as well, but like 10x plus you get paid five to eight other ways while you own the building. Most people don't know this. It's not just a game of the cash flow. It's not just a game of the profits you make from appreciation. It's the other game of fees. Acquisition fees, asset management fees, all the tax write offs, bonus depreciation, fees from a sale, finders fees, construction management fees from renovations, all these ways you're making money when you're doing multif family. It's not just cash flow and profits. That's single family game. The big boy game is cash flow, profits, and all of these. That's why you do it. Okay? Okay, that's why you do it. So, let's go ahead and I'm going to give you a case study deal here. This is literally a 31 unit deal. 31 unit deal for $19,000 out of pocket. How we took it down and how much money I made from this deal. Here we go. So, we bought this deal 31 units for a million525 renovated it. Put $400,000 in renovation dollars to it. Closing cost of 250 grand. 225, excuse me. All in about 2.1 and some change allin cost 31 unit deal. We went out and got a loan for a million5 70% loan to cost loan. We brought in about 645 grand. That's about 30%. You see that's 7030 right? 7030 on the loan and equity. We brought in 10% of that just like I showed you earlier. Bringing in 10% of the money getting 40% of the deal. Okay, that's how that thing goes down. So 64,000 90% came from OPM. In this case for this specific deal it was nine investors. Nine investors to raise 581 grand. Different check sizes. Some were 25 grand, some were 150,000. Just depended. The key to the whole thing making sense, guys, is the deal had to financially make sense. If the deal sucked, I would never have a chance at getting a loan or raising any money. If your deal makes sense financially, raising the money is not hard. Why? Because money loves making money. Money chases good deals. Money loves speed. This was a good deal. Money found it very quickly. Okay? Trust me on this. Trust me. Everybody tries to go get the money first and they're they're backing it. Starts with the deal, then the debt, then the equity. The deal, the debt, then the equity in that order. In that order every single time. So, more importantly, you got an acquisition fee on this deal of 45 grand. So, think about that. 64,000 bucks, $45,000. Now, this acquisition fee, by the way, it comes like within a week of closing escrow. So, your money goes in, you close the escrow, within literally a week, that 45 grand's coming back. So, I'm literally out of pocket 19 grand, and have control of a 31 unit deal, multi-millions of dollars. Here's the fun part. Here's what this burr strategy in here, right? Everybody here's a burr, right? Here's the value ad play. So 24 months later, we go in and we renovate the property. 24 months later, now the value goes from a million5 to 3.6 million because of what we did by raising rents and improving the property. So we pulled out 2.5 million bucks. We paid off the million5 loan. We then paid back our investors all of our money, 645 grand. We pocketed another 355,000 on top of that. Now on top of that, I'm getting an asset management fee of 1%, right? Paid monthly 40% of all the profits and the cash flow. on the ownership. So about $2,000 a month for 5 years, that's $120 grand. Then my net profits from the sale, another $470,000. So I made $590 grand on $19,000 over a 5year window. That's a 32x on the money. I mean, the returns are stupid. They're stupid. And this is not terribly uncommon. This is a very normal deal. The only thing uncommon about it was our value that we got after we renovated, right? That was a pretty darn good value. Does this make sense so far? Uh, and then our rule said, who gives the acquisition fee? The deal gives the acquisition fee. The cost of that acquisition fee are built into the total cost of the deal. So, back here, see where it says closing cost there of 225,000. Inside of that is my acquisition fee of 45 grand. Okay? That's how that's built in. Um, of that 590, how much do investor get? Oh, that's just me. That has nothing to do with investors. Investors got all their stuff. Yeah, that had nothing to do with investors. Yeah, that was just just us. Just on my side, me. Yeah, the investors get more on top of that. Yeah, great question, though. So, you can kind of see how the deal goes down. And that's how the deal it's it's incredible when you actually see it. So, my promise to you is this, that we were going to show you how you could buy a 10 to 30 unit in the next 90 days with 20,000 bucks out of pocket. We just did that and we've done it multiple times tonight to show you how it actually breaks down structurally. We went through the belief patterns, the false ones, and we've nixed them that you need a lot of money. You don't, especially not with being an expert. You don't. And that deals are hard to find. they are if you do it alone, but if you do it in collaboration to find the direct to broker deals and to find the direct to owner deals through the process, it's not. So, we take these biggest belief patterns and we chuck them out the window. So, now it just comes down to how do you go execute and how do you make it happen for yourself? How do you make it happen for yourself? So, a couple more frequently asked questions and then I'm going to open it up. How much time does it take? We talked about that. 5 to 10 hours a week. If you can dedicate 5 to 10 hours a week to actually pull this off, you can be very successful in it. It's no different than I started and that was many years ago, but here we are today. Um, how do you help with creative investments like looking for investors? Uh, then you have the creative financing side. So, seller financing, creative financing is what you're talking about. Uh, the investor side is all within the community because other people want to invest with other people. So, if you have a good active community that's collaborating together, uh, Billy, that's how that investor game goes. But we teach you how to raise money, right? But I there's two ways to do this, Billy. I can give you fish and you can eat for a day. Or I can teach you how to fish and you can eat for a lifetime. You tell me which one you want. You tell me which one you want. Much more valuable to learn how to do this so you can go execute it yourself. Sure, you can get some fish, but then you're going to eat for a short window. Or I can teach you the fundamentals to how to actually go execute this for yourself and you'll eat for a lifetime. That's what we want to do, right? Is to help you out and do a done with you, not a done for you. Okay? But five to 10 hours a week you can execute this plan. Um, typical returns for investors, Henry, going to be 18 plus typically 15 to 18 plus% per year on their money. So when you when I talk about a good deal, what makes up a good deal when you run your analyzations through our deal analyzers and all the stuff that happens, 15 to 18 plus percent per year on your money as an investor is considered a good deal. That will attract money into it and out of the stock market, out of 401ks, out of IRA, out of all the other investment vehicles into real estate investing. If you can provide that level of return on an annualized basis for somebody's money, they'll come in. Okay? If they trust you and they like you, the money will find you. Okay. Uh, great question came in. The property you help us find is an AB or C. Uh, it is not a D property. We You were not doing any D's. Okay. Only A, B's, and C's. But ideally, your first deals are going to be C properties. And then you'll migrate into the B's. And then once you've done some of those, you'll decide on A's. But your first ones are going to be C-class assets somewhere between about 1960 to 1980, somewhere in that window of age. Okay. In good neighborhoods though, location's good, but the property's older. That's what classifies it. Okay? What classifies it. So, what if I can't find good deals? We're going to give one to you. You remember that software I was showing you, real estate radar.ai. Real estateraar.ai. That's our software. So, I have teams scouring all the country all the time. We're finding deals both for ourselves and other people. So, if we can't help you locate a deal that makes financial sense in 90 days, we're going to give one to you through our deals on demand program. But I'll talk about that in a minute. Another frequently asked question I get, how do I raise money legally and confidently? So, raising money, it sounds intimidating, especially with SEC rules involved. People fearing asking other people for money the wrong way or don't feel credible enough to attract investors. Does this sound like you? You need three things to get money. three things. So, there are people out there that are teaching how to raise money. That's all cute, but it comes down to three things. And these three things are very, very important. You need a deal that makes financial sense. The money will chase you. You need a good pitch deck that will break the deal down in layman's terms and explain to anyone looking at it how much money you're looking for, how much they get, when do they get it back. That's it. There's obviously detail and nuance in that, but that's the top level stuff. The last thing is a good process. So when somebody says, "Hey, I want to give you my money," you can actually bring it in. That's it. Those three things, there's a lot of nuance in between that process, but that is the high level how you raise money. Okay, that's that. Couple more FAQs. What if I mess up the numbers? That's a good one. Uh that's why you have someone teach you number one, but also review your numbers alongside you so you're not making dumb money mistakes, right? They're avoiding you making money mistakes. So, just to give you an example, people in our community, they would give all the deal analyzers, they plug in the numbers, they send those into us, we help review them before people are making offers, so you're not making big mistakes. It avoids that. Okay, great question, though. Last one. Who's going to manage the properties? Third party. The goal is not to deal with toilets and tenants every day. Okay, you have jobs, you have careers, you're trying to dedicate a certain amount of time to get the most out of that time and then have third party manage all the toilets and tenants to where all you're doing is highle stuff. Okay, in the very beginning, good stuff. So for people that have interest in collaborating, partnering, coming into community, I want you all to understand this. This is really, really, really important because people ask me, why did you even do this? Why are you doing this? Why are you teaching and coaching? Let me explain. It's not about mentorships and courses. Okay. My big B hack, big hairy audacious goal, I don't know if you have one, big hairy audacious goal, B hack is to get to 10,000 units and a billion dollars in real estate. I'd love to know what your B hack is. I'd love to know what your B hack is by the end of this year. And I want you to put into the chat right now if you could have a deal or two or three under your belt. It's December 31st, 2025. and you came in and you made this happen. How many units would you like to have if you could do it? Don't worry about whether you can just send the frequency to the universe for a minute. How many would it be? How many would it be? 300. I love it. You're going big, baby. I love that, Florence. 50, 40, 150, a thousand. Great. Why not? Why not? You know, there's no reason to sit here and, you know, downplay yourself. So if you put in 10, put another zero on it. Why not? Because you you got to dream big to get there. Right? That's step one. People always wonder, you know, how does the manifestation game work? It works like this. First step one, you have to ask the universe for it. Step one. Second step is you actually have to pay attention because the universe is going to start aligning things for you in odd ways. Sometimes very, very slight by the way. And you need to be able to take action, which is number three. when that happens. Let me give you a perfect example. So earlier this year, I wanted to start doing ADU type developments in San Diego up near the college near SDSU. So I asked the universe for it. I literally said, I want to do this and then lo and behold, you got to wait for things to start showing up. Well, if you pay attention, this is how it goes down. So, I'm in a doctor's office a couple months later after I did this late last year and I'm sitting there and I'm waiting to go in for my doctor's appointment. This gentleman walks in. He's on his cell phone. He sits down in a chair. He's talking to a buddy on the phone. He's talking about a property that he happens to own up in the SDSU college area that's perfect for an ADU development. Now, I could just act like I'm in pie in the Skyland, or I could say, "Holy crap, this guy's literally cross the room for me right now. I can play dead and just pass it by and go in the back room and do nothing about it in my life and take no action." That's option A. Or if he gets off the phone here in another minute before I go back, maybe I can prod him and just chat with him. There was nobody else in the room, which was great. So gets off the phone and I say, "Hey sir, I don't mean to overhear your conversation," which I did, but I hear you talking about an ADU property and blah blah blah blah that you have up in the SDSU area. I'm looking to actually buy some of that stuff. Would you have some interest in can we talk a little bit more about that? So I got his name and number right there. I went into my appointment afterwards, set up an appointment to go see the property. Do you see how that game works? It would have been very easy to just do nothing and allow it to pass by. And the universe is aligning the opportunity for me. But if you don't pay attention to those slight things that are happening and you're in La land, life's going to pass you right by and you're going to wonder where all the opportunities went. You asked the universe for it. It showed it to you. It align the frequencies. You just didn't take action when it could have been very, very slight. It could be a crack in a door. You got to go. You got to go. And this could be one of these moments, too. So, what do you get? So, with the mentorship in general, you get a full-blown going to even click on here. There we go. Weekly mentorship calls, okay? And they're with me, by the way. They're not some random hired coaches, students that I've done. We don't do that. It's me, okay? Because this is a little more complex. You need to have someone that can explain things to you in layman's way and walk you through it. Two times a week, you're going to be with me. $9,000 value. Okay? So, what does that look like? something like this in a small setting, right? You're not getting on a Zoom call with 400 people and you can't ask questions. It's going to be interactive. It's going to be small and intimate every week to walk you through this process. So, that's number one. Number two is you're going to get an accountability coach because like I said earlier, I can't teach you motivation, but if we can help you get through those roadblocks that you're inevitably going to hit mentally, everybody does this. You get to a certain point and then you get frustrated and you want to pull back and quit. We need to keep punching through so you can have the success. The only way you lose is if you quit. We're not going to let you quit. Okay? We're not going to let you quit. So coming through this, what does that look like weekly accountability, right? You can set up the appointments. We're going to be reaching out to you as well. It's a back and forth, taking you through your 90-day guide. The entire process is an action guide based in 90 days to get you from where you're at to your first deal in 90 days. Okay. critical importance. You're getting that. Then on top of that, you're getting lifetime access to our community. $5,000 value. So, what does that look like? You're going to come into stuff like this where people are searching for deals, finding deals, collaborating together, even investing in people's deals. It happens all the time. You get on these small little calls every week, and somebody will pitch one of their deals. We're going through it, analyzing it, and people are like, "Crap, that's a great deal. Can are you looking for partners?" Boom. That's how you raise some of the money. I think Billy and you guys were asking about that. It happens internally. But you have to have an active vibrant collaborative community for that to happen. So you're getting the weekly mentorship, the success accountability, the lifetime access to the community for that's $9,000, $4,000, $5,000. You're going to get my master class. That's a $3,500 value in terms of what that looks like. It's a full-blown 10-part master class that you're going to go through in the backend portal that has everything every single thing you can think of that you're going to have to learn. And then it's going to be applicable when you come into the live trainings with me every week. So, you're going to go through that and then we're going to apply it in the live. So, that way you're walking through this process. Nice. That's a $3,500 value. So, you look at all this stuff. $9,000 value, $4,000 value, $5,000 value, $3,500 value. Then you're going to get our toolbox. Why this is so important? We don't want you to have to create documents, all this stuff that you have, pitch decks, deal analyzers, letters of intent, legal documents, templates, due diligence checklist. I mean, the list keeps going. We don't want you having to create all that stuff because if you're having to do that, you're not finding deals. Remember, I said the number one thing you have to focus on is finding good deals. If you find good deals, the money on all the other stuff happens. But if you can't find good deals, it's you're not doing much. It doesn't go anywhere. So, we have to focus on the deal finding and allow all the other stuff that you need to buy apartments is provided for you. It's for you. Okay? It's really, really critical. Business setup. So, this was by request. People asked, "Hey, can you help set up LLC's for us? Can you help with a CRM that can bring in investors and manage people in the back end? Can we have an investor website that's all kind of templated with funnels and all this other automation stuff set up so we have people that want to invest with us, we can bring them right into the back end and have it all organized in one location. The answer is yes, and it's all included. Okay, you're going to set up your LLC in Wyoming or Delaware. If you already have one, totally cool, but if you don't, we provide the process. Again, we teach you how to do it. It's very, very easy. So, that's that business in a box setup. It's going to look something like this. Full-blown CRM, websites, every document you're going to need in your document library, the toolbox, everything. That's a $10,000 value for the toolbox. And then your business setup in your LLC, it's a $5,000 value. So, all that stuff. So, just kind of looking at all the stuff you're getting, 9,000, 4,000, 5,000, all this stuff, right? And then you're going to get access to try our real estate software, the real estate radar.ai. $1,800 value. You can come in and try it, I think, for seven bucks for seven days. If you like it, you can continue. If you don't like it, not a problem. But you get to try it out. And then everybody who's in our mentorship, right, this program, you get it at cost. We don't upsell the software. We have to pay our developers and that's it. You just pay our cost. What? I think it's 90 bucks a month if you actually want to continue with it. If you don't, not a problem, but you get to try it out. Try it out for coming in. Okay. So, that's access. And then access to all of our vendors and systems because people asked us, hey, like, do you have your attorneys? Do you have renovation crews? Do you have I mean anything bookkeepers, accountants, on and on and on. Yes, you get access to all of our vendors and systems that we use anywhere in the United States. Our lenders, all of it, equity partners, the whole nine yards in the back end of the system, so you're not having to chase to find all this stuff. Um, Billy asked, "The toolbox will allow me to process capital investments also." Elaborate on that question real quick, Billy, so I can answer it. The toolbox will allow me to process capital investments also. Uh yes, in the sense that we have all the legal document templates that you would need to actually raise money legally and efficiently in there in the system as well as all of our vendors and systems including the attorneys that can prep those documents for you so you're not having to chase around and find all these people. So yes, in terms of the processing of capital and all that. Yes. So meant the website. The website, yes, we have the templated website you get when you come in, right? You can get that customized. We have all the people that can help you customize it. We have a CRM that's attached to it. So all the people you bring in, it's all in one location. And then when you'll get in the business in a box section in the back end is going to show you how to do your LLC's. And that's all in there. So you can see the value. We're trying to basically make this a one-stop shop for you where you come into a community and you collaborate together for a lifetime and you get everything you're ever going to need. But you don't have to go create all this stuff. Because if you have to go create all this stuff, what does it do for you? It puts resistance. Then if it puts resistance, you're going to be inept not to do it. That's just how the human psyche works. If you have to climb all these mountains, I'm trying to remove as many mountains for you to allow you to get up over the top. And that's why we do this. Overdeliver on the value. It's key. So this is the real estate radar software. Try it out for seven days for seven bucks. All of that's in there. So 90-day action guide, the access to all our vendors systems. the $2,000 value, $5,000 value, all that. But I would say this, I ask you, take the money and all this stuff aside, if all this did was finally get you into your first apartment deal, would it be worth it? If all it did was give you the skill sets, remember I said sweat equity or check equity. If all it did was gave you the skill sets to do this and overcome false belief patterns about multif family, which we've done, worth millions, put deals together, and get out of the rat race that you're in now to financial freedom, would it be worth it if all it did was just that? And if all it did was help you gain the respect of family, some people are in here like I was. I'm pissed off at seeing friends get to places I'm not at. That's a driver sometimes. Maybe you have a spouse or family members, kids, people that maybe they don't look up to you anymore the way they used to because you keep you keep feeding false false beliefs, false promises, and then you don't you don't level up to it, right? I mean, we all deal with that guilt. But what if this simply did that for you? Family, kids, spouse, and others that are making happen in their lives. Excuse my language, but you know, they're doers and they're not dreamers. Would that be worth it? Would that be worth it? So, the total value of all this stuff that I outlined for you, it's 65 grand. And do I believe it's worth that? 100% I do because one deal pays for that in a heartbeat. In a heartbeat. But you're not going to be paying 65 grand. It's worth that, but you're not going to be paying that. So, I would say this, a summary of everything that you get right there. the one-year mentorship with me every week, twice a week. Accountability coach, lifetime access to all the investor community, the 10-part master class, the toolkits, the business setup, 90-day action guide, access to all the vendors and systems, all the bonuses. On top of that, you're going to get free tickets to our live events. We're going to also throw in the raising capital kit that we give you for $3,500 value. The tax hacks, you want to know how to do bonus depreciation, cost segregation, that's all part of the programming. Creative financing, you talked about that, Billy. How do you do creative financing 101? All part of the program. Okay. You will get exclusive access to try our software. We talked about that. And then also the opportunity to partner with us on deals, which is huge. So, it's a $65,000 value. Our cost is 10,000. Okay? That's the cost of the mentorship program and everything that I've shown