very special episode. I have the Mr. Joy Batista. They always say those who can't do teach, which for probably 90% of people that's accurate. But then you do get the folks that really have hit highlevel stuff and there's a specific reason they're trying to now give back. So for you, what is that? I naturally enjoy making people better. It just makes me feel so good and it's how I'm wired, right? So it's my God-given talent that I know that I can go out and create massive change in people's lives. You're in the business of growing people. Yeah, absolutely. Because if you're a leader of the business, you have to learn the skill sets of how to build and develop people. Like I can look at somebody and I can tell them something about theirelves that they don't know. I can look at someone and tell them a business deal or an association that they're going to have with me that they don't even know yet. All comes from being the second choice. The best fight of your life is not going to be to fight to get more. The best fight of your life is going to be to fight to keep what you got, right? That's a zinger right there, you know. [Music] All right, everybody. Welcome into the Abundance to Get podcast. Today, a very special episode. I have the Mr. Joey Batista. Um, I I mean, you're definitely one of, if not the biggest, one of the biggest guests I've had in this studio. I mean, I've done virtual podcasts, but the fact that what you're doing uh with Andy Elliott, Tai Lopez, and all, I mean, the list keeps growing and what you're trying to do in the coaching space and what I wanted to kind of do with you today. I want to understand how such a successful business person like you once even two seconds into the coaching space at this point in your life because that is you know they always say those who can't do teach which for probably 90% of people that's accurate but then you do get the folks that really have hit highlevel stuff and there's a specific reason they're trying to now give back. So for you what is that and why? You know, that's a good question and there's layers to the question of getting in the, you know, the giving back in the coaching space. I think the highest level thing for me is is I natur and and I always say I naturally enjoy making people better, right? Like it's not something that and I and I I could say like, hey, you know, do I want to give back and am I a really good person? And yes, I'm those things, but I think the biggest thing for me is it just makes me feel so good and it's how I'm wired, right? So from the time I was really young when I was this is probably I was before 16 so 13 14 15 I I said said to myself there was three things that I wanted to do with my life and series of events probably arrived arrived me to them. I knew I wanted to be an entrepreneur. I wanted to be a businessman because I knew I wanted to make money like that was it. I knew I that that was that simple like business people make money. My dad was an entrepreneur. So that was really important to me like that I wanted to be a businessman. So, my childhood goal, I accomplished it. And then I wanted to be able to um do and this is going back before there was social media, before there was even the internet. I wanted to be, you know, this was Tony Robbins, right? Like he was the only person there and and I wanted to be a motivational speaker, right? And and and because of why though, you know, I like there's something usually down inside people that is a is a you know, I you know, it's a good known or unknown driver, right? You know, I'll tell you this is going to be a good This is a good thing. Do you want me to tell you what it is? What I really think it is is I was never good at sports. Um, you know, I struggled with being overweight my entire life, right? Like people like, "Hey, you know, especially being around Andy, you don't have a six-pack." Well, I was 100 pounds heavier. So, I guess it's all proportion I guess it's all proportionate to where you're where you're going, right? You're not allowed in the you're not allowed in the lion's dam if you don't have a six-pack. People believe that, but it's not it's not true. Andy just wants to see you do better. But, of course, Yeah. But the thing is, you're setting a standard. Setting a standard and and he wants to help people, make a difference, change lives. And the difference is um I think for me, I have the ability to do it. So, it's my God-given talent that I know that I can go out and create massive change in people's lives. And it's something that I never spent the time harnessing or focusing on making better, right? like I've spent my time I became a great entrepreneur and I was horri I was good at sales and I was horrible at entrepreneurship and then I learned how to be a businessman right but now it's like that's to answer your question because I go on about it but the thing is is I know that I have done it and it's also a calling for me it's a calling at a higher level so now it all kind of comes around and I don't like to go in and lead with God because I don't want people to good or bad to take that one direction or another but I think for me it's like now I have an opportunity to go in and do it And I believe a noble worthy mission has a dollar sign attached to it, right? So I'm going to make the money anyways. Yep. With whatever I do, I'm going to make money. So you feel, hey, I'm at a point in my life where I've had this the business entrepreneur success and still having it. Like I want to share this just because this fulfills me. Yeah. Abs. It's 100% fulfillment and knowing I have the ability and I can't live a life that I never did it, right? Like I have to do it because it's it's something that I can do better than most people, right? And is it your way of giving back? 100% it's a way of giving back. 100% it's a way of giving back. And and and another thing from the the entrepreneur in me, right? And and you know this like let's not be confused here. Like if I have a big brand and you don't and I'm a smart entrepreneur and you're a smart entrepreneur, I can beat you every day all day long because the most valuable thing in the world right now is having a brand, right? There's nothing more valuable than having a brand from a financial aspect. Like the brand, what do you call buying the likeness? Yeah. Buying the likeness, right? You know what I mean? Buying buying the famousness. Well, and it's also, you know, like, you know, being an entrepreneur, you know, to say that you don't get bullied or I mean, you're a multif family guy, right? You've been beat out by bigger guys than you many times over the years, right? You had to get punched in the face 30, 40, 50 times. Now, you know how to chase those deals down, right? Well, the thing is for me is building the brand, it's a great neutralizer because when my brand is built and it will be built because I'm doing the work and I'm following the templates and I'm hiring the best coaches in the world. Um, then it'll be that much harder to compete with me. So, I get to give back, I get to serve, and I get to be a better entrepreneur as well. So, I'm not So, here's the big miss. This is Let me say this last thing on this. This is the big thing is it's not th You're right. Those that can't do teach. Yes. I' I've heard that. But I don't like the sayings like that. You have to understand something. I'm going for it all, right? Like I'm not a one-trick pony. So the thing is is anybody can go in and and and do one trick 37 times and they're done. I also want to show how dynamic I am because I'm very dynamic under pressure for long periods of time. I my gut tells me and I haven't even been in in your sphere in the business world per se, but you're an executor. Meaning like you come in and you're like, "Okay, boom boom boom boom boom. Let's go. Yeah. And I and and and and that's another thing that feeds the coaching space is, you know, it's so crazy like literally right now we're changing lives. Like when I help somebody, here's the biggest thing. When you hire somebody as an employee, okay, and they come in, there's a big learning curve for them. Yes, you develop them. Yes, they grow. But they're the level that they accelerate is slower because their level of commitment is less. Mhm. When you get an entrepreneur that's been struggling for a long period of time andor they're aging andor they want to make their family proud andor they know that you have the answers to the problems that they have. I've never seen keep in mind I'm relatively new to the space in working with entrepreneurs. The amount of growth that I've seen these guys have in the amount of period of time. I've never seen nothing like it in my life. And is that because obviously there's a deeper why and motivation and pain. It's really driven by pain. It's pain and money. They paid. Yeah. Right. They're committed. It's It's pain. Sure. Commitment. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And then they paid for you to basically help them and then so now they're all in, right? All cards in. Yeah. And I'm hammering them like that. You know what I mean? Like I'm telling them like, you know, you're you're you know, I'm hammered. Like my style is my style. I'm you know how I am. I'm super respectful. Yep. I'm a gentleman, right? But I'm a hammer, right? Like make no mistake about it. watch some of your videos in the the the uh the car sales floors. I mean, I'm like, "Holy I mean, you're an Andy Elliot of car sales floor." I mean, well, this is PG compared to what I used to do, right? It really So, when did you sell your first car? My first car. Did you remember your first car sale? I do. It's kind of like when I sold my first house. I do. I do. Um, and I'll tell you, this is the amazing thing about it. I'll make it short. I just came out of training. They had a vet salesman. It was my first to that I took and I went in. They had a vet salesman and he's hammering this guy for like eight hours. You can't close him down, right? And he had bought a car, totaled it, and he want came back and he and there was a price increase because there's price increases on new cars and he wanted the rims so he didn't want to pay it for it. So I went through training, they were like building value, and I'll never forget this. They're like I'm like, "Let me go take a shot at them." I mean, this is my first first day out of training. And I sat with them. I'm shadowing him all day. I tell the manager, "Let me take a shot of him. You guys are going to let him leave anyways. Let me take a shot." You know, and uh um which was unheard of. Nobody says that, right? And he had u I went in there and I said, "Listen, you see the gas pumps over there?" I said, "You see the gas pumps across the street?" I said, "I've been watching you guys go back a whole real long time about these rims, price increase, everything. I don't know. I just started. But I know this. I know those gas." I said, "What do you think? What are they worth to you?" I said, "They're not gas pumps." No. I asked I said, "What do you think the gas pumps across the street, the gas station? What do you think they're worth to you?" Guy said, "They're not worth nothing to me." I said, "They're worth nothing to me." I said, "How much you think they're worth to that guy that owns a gas station?" I said, "See, it's the same things with these rims on these this car here." See, to me, they're of no value. I wouldn't pay for the rims at all. If I was you, I was sitting here wasting 6,8 hours of my time. I'd say, "Take the rims off. Give me the car for the price I want to pay. Let me let me leave." But to you, those rims are important. I said, "So, the bottom line is is if you want if you want them, you're going to have to pay pay for them." I said, "Let's quit wasting time. you've been here all day. Let's just get it wrapped up. I said, I'll even make sure they clean the car up for you. I'll handle all the other little stuff for you to spend the rest of your time. You get out of here faster. Boom. It was done just like that. It was just And that's where I learned with sales. One, change of face. Right. Change the face. Sometimes somebody's saying the different thing. But what I was trying to convey, even though I didn't know at the time, I was trying to build value in the rim. Sure. Right. But that was my first That was my first Yeah. And help people see value differently. Help people see value differently, which I was a total rookie. I knew nothing about nothing, you know, but that was it. That is wild. Um talk let's talk about your family. Um you got I mean it's called three brothers. I have three brothers. Yeah. You lost one? I lost a brother. Yeah. Um are you okay talking about that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I listen I you know obviously I feel it. Um but you know I honor my brother's death by you know. Was he the older or younger? He was my older brother. So he was the oldest in the family. Mhm. Okay. Um yeah. what happened and um what have you learned from it? You know, my brother drank himself to death and it was over a long period of time. His life he was a genius by IQ. He could he was, you know, my brother could learn to read and write a new language in two months. Really? Yeah. Like he was a genius. Like he literally was like just rainman ridiculous. He would just go out and learn to read and write and just I mean he spoke languages like just crazy lang you know like small village languages he would know the dialect the dialects and everything and but he was you know I don't want to say eccentric but he was just you know he was one of those people that most people don't operate on that frequency so it was he like a rainman no not like that he was it was different but he had you know he was that he he just was a little bit different, you know what I mean? He was I don't It was my brother, so it was like it was hard for him to function socially like so he had to I believe so there's an awkwardness socially. There was an you know I just functioning I think for him his you know he learned how to survive and be comfortable as an alcoholic. He knew how to build safety to make himself safe from himself. Okay. Right. I think at the end of the day, he had to provide safety to himself. And I think that and that's what happened. He ended up um he drank himself to death. And that's when I quit I quit drinking even a couple years before he died. Um I quit drinking five years ago. He quit died about three years ago, I think. And um he just had a birthday uh couple days few days ago. He's an April baby. Yeah. April 1st, April 2nd. April Fool's Day. April 1st. April 2nd. I keep forgetting. April 1st or April 2nd's his birthday. um I should remember but um April Fool's Day that's his birthday. So they had uh but anyways yeah I think the big thing was that and um I also learned that his life had meaning to it and that I feel like he was one of the people that you know his life was hard his entire life and his the lessons of his life were uh you know they were meant for our family in the aspect of for me to create you know it wasn't real you know there there's been half my family there was drinking involved half this there was a lot of other things. And I think that um the lessons of his life were meant to create generational change. And I think that his even though his life because sometimes I looked at how hard his life was and you know you question God, you question these things and you're like why would his life be so hard? His life was for nothing and there was nothing good about his life. before he died, he said to me, uh, he said, he said, cuz I, cuz we went, we got him on the the liver list, you know, getting a liver, he went to detox, he was sober. He said, Joey, I don't want to do none of that. Said, I I'm not doing that. He said, you got a wife, you got kids, you got a family, you got businesses, you know, I'm never going to have that. And uh it's really selfish of you to uh to want me to live. Wow. Just for the sake so you don't have to hurt. So it was really um and he was uh he was being loving and compassionate because uh it made it easier. Wow. Right. the proc the process made it almost giving you a he Yeah. It's like saying, "Hey, like it's okay, man. Like you don't need you don't need to keep me here just to keep Yeah. I mean, he at that point I mean I accepted that he was going to drink himself to death and uh I didn't spend any time with him because it was too painful. Yeah, I bet. You know what I mean? Like but uh I bet you know I saw him the day I saw him he died the next morning. And I saw him and uh I went and saw him. It was his birthday. He died. Wow. He died. He died the day after his birthday. The morning after his birthday. I saw him on his I saw him on his birthday and this was during COVID. And you know, I went in there and uh I went and I gave him a card and I gave him had a thousand bucks in it. I gave him a card and I said, "Here, Gary, you know, it's something you know, whatever." And he was like uh he um I was like, you know, maybe I should give you a hug, man. this might be the last time. He's like, "Nah, don't worry about it." You know, co I don't want you to get your daughter sick or nothing like that in case I'm sick or something. I want you to get your daughter sick. Boom. That was it. He was dead the next day. So, but either which way, you know, that's why I'm not That's what Are you the um are you the transitional character in your family like uh Ed Mlet may say, you know, the power of one more and Yes. and the transitional character that was the one that everybody had done maybe well or done okay prior to that, but you're like the one that leaped it. Yeah, I I I I am. I mean, my brothers are, you know, my brothers are amazing human beings, beautiful men. Um, superhumans, like just really, you know, I think their lives are less bruised, less challenged than mine was. And I was kind of like the one that went first, right? Like I went first the hard because Bobby's your pure blood and then half brother, right? Brad Yep. Yeah. Same for that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You don't you don't make the distinction. No, no, no, no, no, no. So, no. And he's and he's a hammer. I mean, Brad's Bobby's Bobby's a beautiful man. Like great husband, great father. You know, I taught them a lot of things in um business and how to make money and how to live life and a lot of things and they've supported me and led the way. But I was thinking about this. I love how you guys stick together though. That is u one of the beautiful things about your family is you guys roll tide, man. You roll and die together, support each other, it seems, and everything that I see. The wives are involved and the family and the kids and um that that's a that's a unique rare thing um that I appreciate. I acknowledge and um they say that you your surroundings are everything. We all know that. Well, that um and the first time I met you was at Wealth Con, right? Yeah, Wealth Con. Well, we were at that private dinner with uh Ryan and Andy and there was his CEO was there and a couple other guys. And then from there, we met down at PBDs down in South Florida and did the whole CEO ticket thing down there. Yeah. Which was wild. Um Yeah. You were the one that told me, remember we we had the conversation at dinner and you were like, "Hey, bring your son." And that was that's what I did, you know. I mean, it's it's you know, I go to four conferences a year. I've been very selective. Prior to a few years ago, I would just go to any conference I could and I'd just get the general admission ticket. Learning, right? Yeah. Yeah. And then the wise men said, "Hey, listen. Here's how you do it the best way. Save up your 12 conferences and just go to four, right? At least one a quarter, but you're going to pay for the most expensive ticket." Absolutely. Because it's not about the conference. You're going to get your little tidbit. Cool. It's about the people you're sitting next to. Correct. He says he says, "Yeah, you're going to get your tidbit. You're going to get your piece. about making connections like these, right? He says getting in the back room, going to an event afterwards, having a conversation, and you're a you're one conversation away, man. One connection, one person away from potentially changing your life. And I said, "Okay." So, I said, "I'm going to start paying for the best ticket at all four conferences." And I do that every single time. I mean, it's hard to go whip out a 15-$20,000 ticket at an event. Now, PBDs is worth it because the people that are in that CEO realm, I mean, holy cow. I mean, I mean, relationships that I got out, I mean, that mean attracts billionaires. He's not even even He's not even attracting millionaires. Yeah. Um, so if you want to go hang around some billionaires, that's where you go. So, and you're you're in a room with hundred millionaires, not just little onesie twoosies. So, not that I mean, that's a lot. When did you make your first million? What age? And how do you remember? Do you remember it? You know, I'll tell you. So, I do. Um, I do. I do. Uh, well, here's the thing. By 24, I was a self-made millionaire. And I was and and I had, you know, I had made over I wasn't cash flowing on commercial real estate, a million dollars, you know, uh, and, uh, andor well, few will until you get to certain, right? Right. But I I but I had, but at that point, I had multiple years. I started my I was building, you know, a million dollars a year in net worth on commercial real estate or more, right? And so that was kind of like by accident, but that was through the family the family business a little bit or for the No, that was that was my my first deal. I my first So I went in I bought a car dealership. I started my first deal when I was 21 and I bought a car. I bought it I bought It's a real estate transaction. It I bought but I bought the piece of real estate the deal I did with the guy. He came in and I just turned over it was on the back of a napkin and it was just like he's like I want $300,000 for this property or $3,000 a month. And I was like I'll tell you what I'm going to do. He said what's that? I said, "I'm going to pay you $3,500 a month and you're going to give me 39 months to pay $350,000 for it. If I buy it and execute within 39 months for $350,000 and you're going to give me the first three months for free cuz I'm going to have to spend $100,000 renovating this place. You need You need some runway. I need some runway." Right. So, he gave me the he said, "Okay." And boom, they put a clover leaf in. And So, you got seller financing? I got seller financing. 3500 bucks a month. No, I never heard I never rule 101, everybody. Rule Yeah. Rule 101. I mean, you're you're finding value cuz you said he came to you at 300 grand and you gave him 350. I pay I pay I but that's how it works. I mean, if if you want seller financing, so everybody watching this how the game works. If you want that PC Morby teaches this, too, you may have to pay more than quote unquote market value, but it's irrelevant to you because you're able to come in with zero money down if any. You're getting the runway to go operate and then that you probably turn that thing into a 10x on the value. Yeah, I Well, it was I 2.25 million is what it what it ended up being. So, but you bought it for 350 grand and it turned into two and a half million. 2.2. Yeah. Yeah. And then and then what but what I did was is when right before when I contracted it, I bought the property like two two couple properties down and I bought that and I flipped it for $700,000 profit like right at the same because before it hit land records because once that hit land records it was just boom boom boom it and that time I think land records mattered more. This is going in terms of the value. Yeah. I'm think in terms getting the appra getting the appraisal, right? Getting the appraisal, right? The appraisal could be justified. So once I knew the appraisal because because what happened was they had put in a clover leaf and it basically just, you know, blew the property through the moon, right? I had the right use on it, right? I had the right entitlements. So I knew that I could do that. And and and keep in mind like when you talk about seller financing, so there was no social media, there was no no internet, there was nothing, right? If you look at seller financing in the most simplest forms in the world, if you can think it and it makes you money and they say yes, you got a deal. Because all I did was human nature, right? Like if this guy can get $50,000 more and I'm going to pay him $3,500 more a month. And then I also did I only had I had somebody get me on this recently, but I did my my number one trait that I did when I was the under what's even now is I portrayed weakness to gain strength. So here I was I was 21 years old trying to get a little humility. Yeah. Some humility. But the thing is is he's like this kid ain't never going to buy it anyways. I'll just take the 33500 a month instead of the 3,000. He never gonna buy it. He's never gonna execute. He's never gonna execute. Why would And he probably would be right because most people won't. Right now today, there's so much information out there that they would call you, they'd call me, they'd call the guy down. They'd find a way to get it. But back in them days, like the information was held by the the chosen few, right? And and you really I mean, that's another reason why doing what I'm doing now is, you know, I got punched in the face for 15 years, just cuz there wasn't any information out there. And I was probably a bad student, too, right? right? I was, you know, young badass just just going going, not listening enough, right? Not being coachable enough. Um, and I did have some I had one in particular, I had a couple great mentors um that helped me along the way. Like that's why I have a strong business acumen is I had a mentor that um actually when I was 24, that's when I founded my first I was the founding member of his mastermind because I was the young hot shot. He used me. So you were doing this at a younger age like the whole mastermind. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I've been doing ma I've been doing masterminds for over 25 years and the biggest thing that people don't understand about masterminds is this. The master the mastermind is not only who's in the room but it's who's moderating it. Right? Because if the moderator can't come up with a good agenda and if the moderator can't transfer value based off of who's in the room, then the mastermind is meaning meaningless. Correct. That's why you see a bunch of these guys hanging out and you know whatever doing whatever things they may do, but they're not monetizing it. It's not going back. If you get into a good mastermind, what should be happening is you should look at the people in that room and every year their net worth should be growing more as a result of being in that room together, right? And and because that's how my mentor taught me because I watched him make millionaire after millionaire after millionaire. And that's back when a millionaire meant something like it don't mean anything today, right? Like because everybody that is has half a brain that does the work can become a millionaire. But it wasn't like that before, right? But the thing is is I watched him do it. So I'm really grateful. Um and he was he was hard on me and I was a bad student to him for many years, right? But I helped him because I was really I was really good at what I did and people wanted to know what I did. So, they would pay to get into the room because they wanted to know what I was doing. Maybe they didn't like me when they got there, but you know, uh, what is your greatest weakness? And I know my wife's here. No, my my my weak my weakness before most of my life was, you know, drinking and partying. I mean, that was But now that's gone, right? So, now it would be, you know, and it's been four years, you said five. Five years. Okay. And I had already pretty much your brother passed. Yeah. About 3 years. I It was before that. Like I just can't I just, you know, I just can't I just couldn't do it. Even when he died, I remember they called and I still had a bar in my house and I looked at the bar and it was basically like and I hadn't thought about drinking in forever. Never planned on drinking. It's it's it's it's done. And I was like, "Well, now's your chance, right?" And I just and and honestly and truly what I told myself was and this is what I always tell myself and people think this is crazy but anytime I get into a point in my life to where things are really really hard and something really bad happens and I feel really bad I say Joey handle some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] adversity. And the reason why I say that see people think the wrong thing. And I would tell you that if you came in and you said something to me and you were like, "Joey," and you started whining too much. I'd be like, "Handle some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] adversity, dude." And the reason why I would say that is because I'm giving you a statement of strength. Instead of keeping you in that moment of weakness and sorrow, I summons myself to a powerful state right away. And I'm like, "Okay, I get out of tears." Yep. And into action. Right. Right. So, you know what I tell myself whenever I'm facing like a tough moment? All right. What would Tom Brady do? What would Tom Brady do? And anybody that's hearing that right now, they're like, "Oh, God, Justin, please stop talking about Tom Brady." No, I it's just when you um and I was telling all of our mentees yesterday on our one of our calls that we have weekly, I said, "The only thing keeping you from where you're at and where you want to go is is seven in." And they're like, "What's the seven inches, man?" I'm like, "It's the seven inches between your ears." I said, "Our our mind is a scary Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I mean, every day it's a scary place. You wake up, you could be in a bad mood. You tell yourself some crazy stuff why you don't want to do something. You're out of whack. Your energy's wrong and you go into a slump. I mean, you have to understand that your brain is by nature designed to do this. And then you have to have a power over it to kick it and or change your state of energy. So people say, well, how do you get out of negative thoughts? You I said, do you want to know how I get out of negative thoughts? I said, I have a playlist on my phone on Spotify. It is four songs. I guarantee if I listen to those songs, I cannot be sad. You got to share it with me. Okay. I cannot be sad. You got to share with me. So because you can't smile or laugh or listen because music changes energy. Absolutely. You can't not do that and at least adjust yourself to go a different way. I said the other thing you can do if you want to change this, I learned this from Gary Ba. Walk outside bare feet. Stand on soil or grass. Stare up. Even if there's no sun for the day, you just want to stare at the light where it's coming at you with your feet on bare soil and take five deep breaths. And what'll happen is you'll actually sense your body change state. Let me tell you something. Like those two things alone, if you just did those can help you change your negative energy if you're having negative thoughts, negative energy because it spirals, right? And if you want to change that state, music is a great one to do it. So, I'd tell everybody take three or four songs, put them on a playlist to where no matter what, I mean, it could be don't worry, be happy, right? I don't even sure what it is. Something to where no matter what, you will change your you'll just tweak andor outside bare soil. Stare up at the at the sunlight. Even if you don't have sun, stare at the sunlight, five deep breaths. I love it. See that? And just to comment on the Tom Brady thing, right? So I'm big on these statements of strength, right? Because one of the things, this is my philosophy is for a long time in my life, I had unresolved issues of things, you know, trauma, whatever, going through all these things. And I would, you know, like like society, the media, social media, like they have this thing that has you look for healing, right? Like you have forgiveness, uh, you know, all these things you have to do in order to be healed. But what I learned is is in life for me, see I wasted time looking to be healed when the reality is is some things you don't look to other men for. Something for me for me and this was a change for me. So there's a pain that got me to this point, right? And what I did was is I realized that I at some point in time you just have to live with it. It doesn't go away. Like you make a bad decision. You're you weren't the best father at the time or you did something that you're not proud of. Y it's not going away. Right. So to your point, what I did was is I read, you know, David Gogggin's book and you know, oh no, I didn't read David Gogggins book. There was this guy that did Sully Powers. He did the Uber triathlon and I I had he was at a Vistage meeting and he came in and he said when he was jogging through this thing and they basically they they hallucinate because it's days of working out. you sleep 10 minutes and you go in the process. And he said one of the things that he would do um he would say what would David Gogggins do when he was jogging. Right? M. So what I did in these past couple years is I've went through this new level of growth and development and give back and everything within myself is is now whenever I'm at my moment of weakness. I look at see I have a vivid picture in my mind of who Joey Batista is. Right. Like you know meaning the Joey Batista that I want to become. Yeah. That I'm becoming. like to me cuz you remember the uh Matthew McConnA speech, right? Where he talked about, you know, the person I was, the person I am, but I'm I'm the person I'm chasing. I didn't I seen he he speaks very well. He has a really good way of telling stories. He's a good story. He's a great storyteller. I I've seen some of his and they're phenomenal. But yeah, that was that was really it. It's like when I when I uh so now I'm just like, you know, what would Joey Batista do? And what that does is, you know, cuz when I look at that picture, like I look at myself sometimes and I look in the mirror and I'm like, why don't I why am I not where I want to be? And I visualize myself, you know, picking up a a hammer and a chisel and sculpting this guy that I want to be. Like this is real visualization. This isn't podcast talk. This is like how I visualize it. And I'm chipping away and I'm not getting where I want to go. And I look at myself and I'm like, what's the what's the answer? And I'm like, you know, there's tears coming out of my eyes. I'm chiseling away at myself and I'm like there's no blood in them, right? There's no blood in those tears, right? So, the thing is it's like there has to be a point to where you never and and and that's like when you ask me what all this is about is I'm that guy. This isn't like some madeup thing. I didn't need to read anybody's book or watch any podcast or anything. I'm God made me that way. Y and I wasted many years of my life not pursuing that guy. So part of me honoring God Yep. and part of my give back and part of who I need to be for my family and the example I need to be for my children is for me doing that. Right. So that's where that comes from. Would you uh because this hits on this next question which I already know the answer to based on what you just said. Uh people make decisions in their life based on pain or pleasure. How do you make yours? Based on what you just told me, I already know. I Well, the thing is what moves me to action is pain. The pain that moves me to action is the pain of not becoming who I could be. It's not anything else. I can eat wherever I want to eat. I can I can not work if I don't want to work. I can do whatever I want to do, right? But the thing is is, you know, um it's like uh it's it's becoming more like I went had a lot of setbacks and losses in my life, right? And um you know like everybody does everybody you know my sk my story is my story but um the the thing is is I only did everything that I've done to do what I'm going to do. See what I've done to me is meaningless in totality of what I want to do. Like if I only came this far I would be an epic failure to myself. You told me you want to be one of the biggest motivational speakers in the world. Yeah. I'm going to be I'm going to build one of the biggest brands in the world. It's going to happen. So, it's December 31st, 2025. What are three things that on December 31st, 2025 before it clicks over to the new year that you've accomplished? Three things in that are measurable in your mind. For a dollar, I want to be at a million dollars a month in coaching. Okay, that's that's this year. Because the reality is is things don't take long if you're doing them right. I would agree. That's I mean that's my vision too is is a million a month. Right. And and it's keep going and I'll tell you why. It's not the money but No. I mean it's just it's it's it's that's what recognizes you as is the first tier in the coaching space. Like actually that's where you gain the respect of everybody within the space. Once they know you've achieved that a million a month. You're a different human in the space, right? I mean how many guys are doing it? I mean very very few. Right. So the thing and you probably have what there'll be a lot of them that make you think they are. Right. Right. Right. But how many are really doing it? Yeah. Right. I mean I I would be willing to bet you it's less than a hundred. Oh yeah. It's it's a I mean and and and I mean a million a month. Yeah. So I'd be out of all the ones out there. Yeah. I'd say it's le it's less than 100. See here's the thing is like so if you were to start out and you were just starting out and you were getting into the coaching space. See I already know I already have all the business pieces together. like I understand sales, marketing, leadership, growing brand, right? Right now it's like okay, I'm doing the frontend skills right now. So now what I'm doing is I'm building out that back space right now. So that's that's one that's one of the goals. Um, you know, so a million a month number one, a million, a million a month. Um, I want to build a mastermind to 50 people. Okay, that's my goal. That's that's I want to I want to build a mastermind to 50 people this year. Um, and uh, you know, I want to be I want to break through. I want to be a recognizable brand. That doesn't have to be a million followers. Like, obviously, I'm gaining traction and all these things are happening, but the reality is is for me, you know, um, you know, I'm not the, you know, I don't want to sound arrogant. Um, and I don't want anybody, I don't really necessarily want to say how fierce of a competitor I am neither because I'm more fierce. I'm more fierce than what people would think. You wouldn't even have a fear for a second in in telling people how competitive you are if you would have been at that conference the year before when it was Tom Brady because I I mean I saw but he's Tom Brady but you understand how he became Tom Brady because he always was third string. Did you know that he was always third string from high school to college to the pros to every single team he's ever been on in his entire life. He started on that team at third string. And if you don't think that built a level of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you inside of him, holy crap balls. Because he's sitting there explaining it to everybody. He's like PBD was like, Tom, you have this, you all this stuff. Clearly that's not your motivation because you just keep going. And he's like, you're right. And and he's like, what is it? He's like, "Honestly, Patrick, it was the fear of me going into the locker room at practice or before a game or on a game day and not being prepared for my teammates. That fear of me not being prepared and knowing I'm not prepared because I didn't do the work scared the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of me every single day. So when I didn't want to get out of bed and watch film, when I didn't want to get out of bed and do my plyometrics and all this other stuff I'm doing, eat right, I was I like literally visualize that that fear, that moment of not being prepared and my teammates looking at me and look and being disappointed because I'm the leader. I'm the quarterback and I'm not living. I'm not leveling up and we're not winning champ. I mean that scared the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of me every single day. So you want to know why I became such a fierce competitor? Because of that. Well, I think what you know and and so and I this isn't a new conversation like I've had so they've recorded me saying this and I say this to Andy whenever we're talking is you know I told you I wasn't good at sports right at the beginning of this right so if we were playing dodgeball right now was I picked first no no same thing if I went out I told you I was 100 pounds overweight right so if I went out with my buddies was I the first choice that a girl would want to go out with the girls like me first? Do they like my buddies first? Right? When I was starting out as a young entrepreneur, did they want to work for me first or they want to work for the guy with the bigger company with the nicer buildings and the nicer benefits? Right? So for me in my life, I've always been the second choice. So I got a game with me that even after I'm the second choice, they're going to come back to me. That's how I run my game. You see how I build a relationship with you? doesn't matter what happens because I'm building the relationship on a real foundation that whatever happens in the universe it'll be like okay the way I run the game it always comes back to me at the same point in time I always have a reserve because I always have been built to be the second choice so for me it's like I don't I don't even I don't even I don't it doesn't even mean nothing to me like I can look at somebody and I can tell them something about theirelves that they don't know. I can look at someone and tell them a business deal or an association that they're gonna have with me that they don't even know yet. I can write it down and I know it's going to happen because and it all comes from being the second choice, right? Because you have Is that a chip? No, I don't have I don't have a I don't have a chip. I just you know you know I mean because clearly it's worked out for you. you've I mean made a lot of money and done very very well professionally, personally. Um yeah, it's made me a better person because I've had to become everybody has their different bag of tricks, right? They have their different bag of tricks. So for me, my good with the human, I can give up a level of in and in in connection that people just can't get from everybody because and and some of that I believe is is is God. Some of it I believe is, you know, my mother, my father. Um some of it I believe is uh and I think a lot of it is a credit to having the um the second the second choice. And the thing is is like and this would be back to the third thing is the third thing is me is to your point or to the obvious like I've been a successful entrepreneur. I built it I came up I didn't I came up you know brick and mortar no social media no internet you know there wasn't a microwave right it wasn't the microwave generation I had to grind it out I had to fight for the knowledge everybody you know they used to operate off you know the mushroom theory. No. You ever heard that? No. They keep you in the dark and feed you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right? You know what I mean? That was the game of the old entrepreneur, right? They keep you in the dark and feed you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right? That's mushroom for sure. And you came up, your dad was a successful developer, but unless you came up in the country clubs or stuff like that, right? You didn't get the um you didn't get the information the same way, right? Yeah. And that's kind of a it's it's interesting you bring that up because um you know people that knew me in youth and did watch my dad do what he did um and then get caught in the financial crisis and lose it all. Uh he was the transitional character in our family. Uh you know my brother and I have kind of taken it and and done well with it. Um, not to his level yet yet. Um, but yeah, it is wild to see that because he was very much a a driver director. Um, and you know, learned a lot from him, but also learned things to do and not to do as we all do with our parents. um you know but I uh and it's um you know I know he's looking down on us and and and blessing every moment for uh for when we can I guess I don't see chasing get to his level but because it's not about that for me for me it's a matter of um you know giving back leaving a legacy for my kids that they're proud of that they can look up at their dad and say hey he was not only good man but did you know well for the family yeah great great and and did well for the family. And um what was really cool that I did not know if it was going to happen or not was you don't know how many people are going to show up to your funeral, right? You don't know until it happens, right? And well, we still don't know. We don't know. Maybe you're up looking down. And like when he when he passed um you know, a lot of people started reaching out, but once again, we didn't know. We had certain number of people that said they were coming, not coming. We overfilled the room, not even knowing and people showing up that we didn't even know were going to show up. And it was crazy just to hear all the stories cuz we gave passed around a mic, you know, point during the funeral ceremony and just the stories that people had. I didn't even know as a son. Um, but it's but but it's cool because it just says, you know what, you know, he had his positives and his negatives as any human does. But you can clearly see by the room, yeah, he made an impact. And and that that to me, I mean, if you want to know if if your life was well lived, how many people show up to your funeral? Because if if that room's pretty empty, then that tells another story. And I think and I think to your point though, that's awesome. I know sorry for your loss. I know that was recent, right? Yeah. So, they had but but uh for me back one of my biggest drivers is is I don't believe that you can leave your kids or your family money and it actually do them a lot of good. I think that I mean of course you want to give them enough to have a a leg up to have a a good life, right? But I think anything in ridiculousness doesn't really help, right? No. I think but what I but what I do think is is I think the best thing you can do in your life is to be an example. Like that is a really big thing for me. Like I'm really like in leadership and business and everything. I'm the example. But that doesn't mean that I follow somebody else's book. I'm do my playbook at this point in my life. If you teach me something like if I want to learn something about multif family, I'd come to you and you'd learn learn it. I would go ahead and I'd immediately just put it into my playbook. I wouldn't take your sole playbook. Yep. And operate by it. I would do it. But I'm 100% open to learn, right? But at this point in time, like that's that's what is the example thing for me is really huge. And I have come to and I think that's you I'm going to be 50 this year. So I think a lot of it is, you know, people act like they feel like that. But if you ask me that 15 years ago, I wasn't that guy. Like I've I've come full circle in the fact that I'm still antennas are up. I'm I'm a learning machine, right? Like make no mistake about it. If somebody's doing better than me, I'm willing to burn what I know on fire like that. But the fundamentals for how I learn, grow, and operate. That playbook is well established, and I don't deviate from it because I'm not going to let happen to me. Anything like the financial crisis, I got wiped out. Yep. I got wiped out in ' 07. I've lost, you know, at a young age, I built like almost a $20 million net worth. Wow. And I had lost it all because I didn't know business. Yep. Right. Like I didn't know business. I didn't focus on learning how to count my money from a you know. Yep. And that was one of the things you asked me about the first million dollars. This is interesting piece I'll add as we're wrapping up. But the uh um the way I did it in the early days because I didn't know how to read financial profit and loss. I didn't have an accounting team. So what I would do is is I hand wrote every check. So I controlled the money. So every invoice that came out I had an accounting. I had a office girl. But everything came to me. Everything had to be I had to know where every dollar went. Obviously, that's not scalable, right? But the way that I knew that I was making money was my bank account balance was going up every month, right? Right. You know, so it was like Yeah. You got money in and out. Yeah. So that's how that's how I would do it. So like when I got my first million dollars in cash, I was like, "Okay, you you got you got a real business now." Yeah. And then what I noticed after that, then it'd be like, "Okay, 150 200,000." every month it would start clicking upowing, clicking up, clicking up, clicking up because I was living well below my means, right? It wasn't until I lived it wasn't until I went and got five cars and the the the 12,000 foot estate home and the driver and the maid full-time and everything like that that I went in and ultimately took my hands totally off the steering wheel and ran into a brick wall because I was a young kid that didn't know what the hell I was doing. I love it. So, for all you young children out there, um, so let's talk about the people you've been surrounding yourself with recently. Okay. Andy Elliot, very, very close mentor and coach to you. Yeah. Um, Tai Lopez, you just had some conversations with him. Uh, name some of the people I may not have seen yet. Well, I mean, I think there's, you know, um, you're making me draw a blank. I mean, I think the Andy's obviously the closest one. And I've worked with PBD and I didn't work with PBD himself, but my big focus is uh you know on my list, right? I have a plan that I'm executing and I think that um some people are specially specialist in their space, right? Like Tai Lopez if Yeah. What did you take away from him? Like maybe two, three things. I mean, okay. Two, three actionable things that I took away from uh Tai Lopez. Test concepts, right? Um, the other thing that I took away from him is how he manages his social media, right? Um, and what have you. Like he's always testing content. Um, they're testing things a lot of different ways. Uh, before he before he does it, I mean, I think he's probably, you know, I I Andy has genius in his. Andy's is like a natural raw talent. Like the way he does it. Ties is more methodical. Andy's like just look at it and whip it together. Tai's like just pencils away. Right. So the thing is is like you know Yeah. I feel like when I watch him I feel like his brain's just thinking thinking thinking thinking thinking and yeah the methodicalness is comes out of it's a good description. And the other thing that I took away from Tai was, you know, he was big talking about the outliers, right? And that was the big thing like, you know, it was uh looking at, you know, when you're testing these concepts and you're testing the content, you have to look at outliers that perform three to four times above market. That's what we do on YouTube now because you know through uh video IQ or Vid IQ whatever it is you it'll do it for you and then you can put in your competitors that you want to maybe model not exact but ideas and it'll show you their outliers and then it'll give you concepts of hey you should recreate these videos in this way because the outliers were XYZ on YouTube specifically. It'll do that for you. It's pretty pretty slick. So we've started to do that which is helpful because we want to go more long form content short to long forms where it's at. Well, yeah, because what you I learn and you know, unless you have some massive brand, you know, Ryan Pana or PBD or some huge brand that's been built already with a lot of social behind it, uh, and you're growing through it, you know, people will experience me and teaching them about multif family and they'll know immediately like, oh, okay, this guy gets it. He knows it and he's not full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's not the problem. It's just they haven't spent enough time with me yet. So therefore, the only way to do that is through some long form content. Well, and I think that's really the thing is when you talk about impact and everything with the long inform, but there was a lot of stuff with uh Tai and the other thing is is you know it's um the other thing with them is is uh you know the paid ads, right? If you're going in there and you're working them and you're and you're testing them, you should be able to go and I knew this before that, but just the level that they do it at between the organic and everything like that. So my right now right now my focus is I'm building out I'm I'm focusing on the team and I'm building out everything that I'm working with with Andy on and then as I go in there I'm going to my plan is just to get you know very intense with Tai and to have him help get me the uh breakthrough in the brand. I think one of the things that uh organically and then through paid. Well yeah I mean well the thing is is you know when Tai you know Tai talks about you know you have to have a spirit to push through. I mean the reality is is yeah I can say I'm going to have one of the biggest brands in the world but you know um but there's a lot of people that say that I don't think there's a lot of people that say the degree I do but that doesn't mean anything right like how are you going to pierce through like even when I go through it's like you have and part of it for me going through there like believe me there's things I could talk about right now today that would get me massive in uptick it'd be very viralish viralish like I I believe somebody who talks the way that I talk it's very easy to trigger people it's very easy. Why don't you? Yeah, I don't do it. I don't do it because I have been going through the process and I want to clearly I now I said I want to be one of the largest brands, one of the greatest people there are. But the thing is that what cost is it to my family? How do I want how do I how do I want it to be known? And at the law of timing, like I said, I'm a second choice. So, I got layers to it. So, like when I go in and there's there's layers to Joey Batista. So, like when I go in and I'm at step one and people think I went all out, then I can do that. See, so for me, I'm making it harder on myself, right? I'm I'm basically right now I'm I'm training with the with So, you feel you feel you're not going as fast as you know you could 100%. But why are you holding yourself back? I'm holding myself back because because you could say something really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] viralous right here on the podcast. I could I could and I will snip at that thing and put a little reel for you know but yeah I'm just curious um because I would agree with you. I think that if you my gut tells me you could be very brash very direct and you could snip at that baby and yeah I think you would create polarization which is what some of the I mean that's what Andy did and it clearly worked in his game. Um and everybody's different right? Everybody's different and the timing has a lot to do with it too. I mean, that's why Ryan Pena jumped up the way he did during co is because what nobody was really doing what he was doing and the timing was just perfect and it just it lined up for him which is how he was able to skyrocket during that window of time. So, it's crazy how fast it can happen. Well, it can. And the thing is is you know the when you start looking at the the end vision of where do you want to go? Like when I said I said what I wanted to do when I was a kid, who knows what I'm going to want to do after the brand, right? So now I have to look at those things too. I'm like, okay, well, where is it going to go in? Like, so how far can I push it without compromising anything down the road, right? So the thing is, and at the same point in time, you know, what example do I want to be for my family? How do I want this to impact my family? Um, that's a big that's a big piece of it. And you know, is it going to get me I'm not worried about one thing I'm not worried about I'm not worried about turning people off. I'm not worried about that one bit at all because the reality is is most of them are never turned on anyways. Sure. Right. So, my thing is I want to make change. But to answer your question, it's um really becoming comfortable with who I want that guy to be, right? Because like I said, I still got the chisel in one hand. There's still not blood in the eye yet, right? So, the thing is is once I'm crystal clear on it, once I'm crystal clear on how I want it, and the thing is is you can't really be crystal clear because you can't be crystal clear if you're going to get there. And I'll tell you why. is one, you want to stay authentic, but two, you're going to have to make adjustments. The question is is how much can you adjust without compromising your authenticity, right? And that's really what you're trying to calibrate, right? Like how much do I have to still be authentic? I don't want to be some madeup cracker jackbox guy, right? How do you stay authentic to create real impact? But at the same point in time, how do you calibrate it in a way to where you know you still you make the adjustments that are needed in order to win, right? Cuz in everything that you do, whether it's anything you do, like you have an idea of the way you think it's going to be and then there's the other way that it really is once you start doing it. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. when I first got into the space and and and it wasn't to be the a mentor or coach. It was to build a community of well-trained investors around the US who were doing deals together. Uh granted, you need to be trained in order to do that because you know what the hell you're doing. Well, you can raise money, right? You you're looking to access capital. Correct. And just and build a community of just people that were collaborating, finding, raising money, capital, putting deal structures, all that together. And they're kind of a thought leader in your space. Yeah. And they're well and they're well trained because we trained them. So therefore, now they're out there doing their own deals and by nature they're going to want to go bigger. So then that 10 or 20 or 30 unit deal becomes a 60, 80, 100 unit deal and then they want to partner because we helped them along the way. So now we're growing, they're growing, everybody's winning. Like that's the concept behind it. I mean, dude, I've seen your curriculum. I mean, your program is without a doubt phenomenal, right? The knowledge that you have, the amount of value that you have in there and doing it, I mean, it's dead on. Like if somebody really wants to get into multif family and they really want to do it, right? Um, and I think one of the biggest things that's that, you know, listen, obviously there's nobody can say nothing about Grant Cardone. Grant Cardone's Grant Cardone, right, when it comes to multif family. But the reality is is you're not going to get him on the phone unless you're cutting seven figure checks and he's and he's open to that at that time, right? Because he may be in a season where he don't want to do that. So, one of the advantage, I'm not saying nothing. I I think that's great. But one of the advantages of finding a guy like you or even me at this point, right, in some spaces, well, you like, do you want to deal with do you want to deal with the guy who actually put his own money in the game and did it or do you want to deal with his teammate that he coached how to do it? Correct. Right. And they're not going to be able to get access to the guy that actually has skin in the game. Right. Not at that level. Right. It's just impossible. Yeah. No, and we get that all the time. um that yeah people will pay for XYZ and yeah you're not getting the intimacy and the access that's a big big ticket for people especially when you're going through something relatively complex. Yeah. I mean that's why that's why Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. Multif family is very complex. It's the same thing in businesses when you're trying to grow and scale, right? Like people come in. Did you ever have a hard time making payroll? Sure. What did that make you feel like? cuz I feel like, and this is I'm going to bring this up for a reason, because there's a lot of entrepreneurs out there, people wanting to to jump out on the limb and do it on their own and not work for the man anymore. And I think the thing that scares a lot of them, like anything, is the fear of failure, number one. The fear of being on the edge, which as a newer entrepreneur growing any type of business, you're on the edge a lot, right? You're you're riding that you're going to build anything meaningful. Yeah. I mean, you're you're riding it where maybe you're having to jack up your credit card debt for a window of time before you pay it back down. Maybe you have to get on maybe you have to get on that that edge where you're teetering on falling off. You can't make payroll. So, there was a great quote. Maybe you're going to have to get behind on your payroll taxes in order so you can make payroll. I don't know. Maybe, you know, but who there was one lady or oh, you know what it was? It was um Sanchez uh the girl Cody Sanchez. Cody Sanchez. She said, and this is for you, Cody. She said, "If you're not getting kicked in the nuts at least once a week as an entrepreneur, then you are not an entrepreneur." 100%. Because that is what it is. I mean, if you think you're just going to somehow glide through, maybe get lucky. Maybe you do. But every entrepreneur I know that's built anything significant has gotten kicked in the nuts and they're still getting kicked in the nuts. And I'm super successful and I'm still getting kicked in the nuts every week on something. No, I So, it's just the And you have to be uncomfortable being uncomfortable 100. I mean, yeah. And I think she said something about it the other day like it's just you're wired for it, right? Like and she's obviously a beast, right? And that there's no doubt that and she has a very strong for especially, you know, I'm going to say for a woman, but like she has a very strong approach to her mentality and how to be an entrepreneur and it's 100% correct, right? So it's it's impressive. Um, but yeah, I mean, yeah, the payroll, all that in the early days, right? But the thing is is that's you know and I kind of had went this isn't a funny thing you know I went to the total opposite extreme right in terms of I lived really high really a really big life and then I just lived really really conservative and just hoarded cash and invested money because I never wanted to go through that again to me the essence of being an entrepreneur is not having to do that right and that's like when sometimes when people look at these things like now when I look at a deal like sometimes if I'm something really big I'm Well, wait a second. I'm already set up good. Like, could that compromise that? Sure. Could it implode it? Yeah. Yeah. Like, like to me, there's nothing more is not worth it to me. It's a riskreward. It's a risk reward. Does it really make sense to take that on? What is the level of risk? Sure. You know, my compromising my family's kind of baseline to take that on. But, I mean, to your to your point though, yes, entrepreneurs, like, you know, it's supposed to be hard. Like people go in and people was like, "Oh, you know, I tried." You didn't even try. Mhm. You know what I mean? Like for me, I went in and you know, I was, you know, I spent six months a year damn near vacationing for the last 5 years, right? Living a great life, not drinking, exercising, getting sun, going places, eating, eating good, just really living, feeling good. But something was missing, right? And that's another reason why coming back into this. But the um one of the things that I did is like, you know, right now I'm out here. I'm only out here taking my wife for a few days. I'm like I told my wife last year and this year like she's like I really want to go to Naples. And I'm like listen. But the thing is is like I'm like no I'm going to be 50 this year. I'm like I'm I'm I don't even care. Like it I I want I want to work right now. Like I have a point to prove like yeah I like those things too. But to me like you don't have to work all the time to be successful. But you're going to have to work all the time to get successful the first time. Sure. Right. And if you never make You may have to go through sprints. Yeah. As you know, you're going to have to go through seasoned or sprints. Sure. Where it Yeah. you're you're grinding. Yeah. Like you could be coasting really good, money's flush, co hits, favors you, don't favor you, then all of a sudden interest rates favor you, they don't favor you, right? Um you know, banks stop, you know, banks stop loaning money, that's a problem, right? And and and and all of a sudden sometimes you got to go fight to keep what you got, right? The best fight of your life is not going to be The best fight of your life is not going to be to fight to get more. The best fight of your life is going to be to fight to keep what you got. Right. That's a zinger right there. You know it is. That is a zinger cuz there is um there's seasons in business where that is the case. And uh you know, you can be in growth mode, which is great, but then you also have to go into protection mode to ensure that you can protect everybody's money, not just yours. If you have investors involved, sure. Um, always fight with what you got so that way you'll have a chance to come back. What I always what I always say, for sure you have to. What I always what I always tell people is like when coaching, developing and business or anything like that is I'm like, listen, you're going to fight your absolute best fight you ever fought your entire life. I want you to give it all. I want you to give it everything you got, right? I want you to fight until the very last minute to where you're on the ground about to get stomped out. And I'm going to tell you the most important thing. That's when the fight starts, right? That's when it starts. You're crazy. But it's Am I wrong? That's when the fight starts. That's when the fight starts. That's when the fight starts. Because let me tell you something. What do you think the guy's face looks like that's already counted you out as done when you come up and you and you look him in the eyes and you take his soul from him? That's what's going to happen. You'll own him forever. When you say when you get back up, when you get back up, you're down and it's down and out. You're almost done. Yeah. Cuz anybody can get up one time. See, that's why for me it doesn't matter. I've been down and I get back up. See this, and this isn't about me, but the mentality that I'm trying to share, I'm trying to convey the mentality is is it doesn't matter. I'm always going to get back up as long as I have my health. As long as I have my health. Like, it's the only way I know. I've built the beast to always get back up. You're not just going to punch me in my face and I'm going to go away. Yeah. Like, it's not going to happen. No, that's that's a very very good um but to be an entrepreneur. Yeah. Right. To be a to be a great entrepreneur, right? Like, and I'm not talk I'm talking about a great entrepreneur like to build a team, right? If you're gonna go in and build a team, if you're going to build a team, because most entrepreneurs, okay, 80% of all entrepreneurs really are not entrepreneurs, okay? They're good at something. They're good at building houses. They're good at sales. They're good at marketing. You're not a good entrepreneur until you can build a team that can grow that business for you. Period. Right? To where you can delever yourself 100% from that business damn near other than advisory capacity. one of my mentor. So until you get to that point, would you just consider yourself a soloreneur? Yeah. You're just like you're a consultant or you're a soloreneur. I mean, and it's fun. Like even me, I like coming back into the role I'm in. I like I enjoyed this role. Like I enjoy Are you building the team now? You said? Yes. So that's my big focus right now. Are your brother and your brothers are a part of that? Yeah, they are. They're kind of taking over more in the automotive space, but they're a part of it. Yes, absolutely. Um but I think that's the that's the you know that's the biggest thing because I see it all the time like think about this for a second, right? This is and and you're super savvy. You're super well organized. That's I mean that's a good point that you're making there about um you know you can't do it alone. No. And you have to be a good leader. Great leader to be able to motivate people in your team the right way with emotional discipline. Um that makes them want to see the vision and go with you, not feeling like they're forced. Um, and that's hard. The real hard it's hard to find good people. Well, yeah, that that's what I was going to say. The reality is is the art that my my mentor, my longest running mentor, he would say, "I can inspire you. I can't motivate you. Motivation's on your own." And when you take that a step further, what I learned was is if you don't find motivated people, you'll never they'll never become motivated. You can find people who are motivated and you can teach them skills and you can inspire them. Yep. And that's really to your point what you're what you're going in there and uh and saying. I mean that's that's that's really that's really what it is. But you know when you go in and you see like when I see these entrepreneurs what it is is like they get really good at you know HVAC and a sales team or whatever the case may be just home services whatever you just pick the business but they never take the time to develop their business acumen. Business acumen meaning how do I bring down my cost of debt? How do I create operational efficiencies? How do I use how do I use technology to add value to my business? Like how can I go ahead and help my team out through AI or technology? You know Dan Martell? Yeah. Okay. Because he was on a I saw a clip of him and he says he was he was asked he's on the school of hard knocks guy. you know, the guy that goes around interviews everybody. And he had asked him, "Hey, like what's, you know, one thing that you could give to an entrepreneur that's young that would help them grow?" And he says, "You're not in the business of the business. You're in the business of growing people." Yeah. Absolutely. Because if you're a leader of the business, your job is to grow people. Because if you can grow people and inspire people, then you can, like you said, delever yourself from the business at some point because you've developed great people. But if you can't develop good people, which is a leadership skill, then you're going to cycle through people all the time. You're going to have newbies and having to rehire and rework and redo it and you're never going to gain that traction and then you'll end up being a solarreneur, right? You have to learn the skill sets of how to build and develop people and that's where the brand comes in because if you come in and you have the and back 100% 100% the brand comes in because in order to develop those people you have to align in values right so if you align in whatever you believe whatever you want right and some unless they're a task worker we need task workers as well or single contributors but if you're going to have leaders and leadership roles you're going to have to go ahead and you're going to have to believe the same thing because what's going to happen is you'll get two or three years in with them. Yeah. And if you don't believe or fundamentally believe the same things, right, then it'll break. You'll get a fast win for a year, two years, three years, but then it will break. But that's what the brand does. Because as you go in and you see what X many long form content of mine, you're either like, who's this arrogant prick think he is? Or you know what, I like that guy. I could do something big with that guy, right? I want to attach. I want to attract that one. And that's really what these are. The brand is a calling card for talent. Sure. So that you can use your leadership skills, right? If you if you align those pieces of the puzzle. So that's like for me, we know that the most important thing in business is people. Y question is is how do I get more people? How do I attract them? How do I retain them? How do I develop them? How do I do all these things with people? But I get more of them with the brand. So that answers more your question where my mindset is on the brand. I want the best people in the world. So it means I have to build a bigger better business, better thing. I and and one of the biggest things I learned in leadership is this. This is where I started to change as a leader, right? Is um when you come in and you're good at something and you never won at something before, you know, it's nice, you know, to get the light on you, right? It feels good to get the attention, to get the praise, to get the recognition, right? But once you've been doing it for a while and you got a lot of that smart thing is you have to learn as a leader how do I give that to people around me and use that as a tool inspiring like Donald Trump y you know great guy horrible human being you know what I talked to him and he is a great human being right you don't do lights here light's gone lights here lights gone right same thing as a leader you know you have to magnify to where you can go ahead and you have these AC you have these accolades you have these successes you have these winnings come down and instead of taking them yourself for the credit right you give them to the people who are going to continue to drive and when they go to rise against you the Santis you pull them back right so we're going to finish not to be political but we're we're going to finish with this question go ahead it's next week from now, the phone's going to ring. You're going to pick it up. You get to go to dinner with this person and spend an evening with them. Who's that person that's on the other end of that phone that you get to spend an even you get one person? I mean, obviously, in reality, it couldn't be somebody like my father who's dead, right? It could. It has to be somebody that's living. No. Oh, it would be my father. Hands down. It would be my father hands down. No question. No question. I mean, that would be that would be 100% would be who it would be. Why? Um, he's the best man I've ever known, right? You know, he's he's just uh and he would be proud. See, I did. It's a very good question. So, um, when I was back to and we started talking about this, my mother and father, we talked about the bond. Obviously my mother and father did something right to have a bond like but my dad used to always tell me cuz my dad was 59 and my mom was 19. Holy. Right. So there was no secret that my dad my dad I was born my dad was you know 60 years old. So there was no secret that my dad was going to die before before Yeah. I was I was an old man before I was fully grown. Right. Like you know this was known. This was known right. I didn't know it cuz I was a kid but he knew it. Everybody you know everybody but me knew it. Right. Um, but he used to always tell me, um, take care of your brothers. Like, no matter what, take care of your brothers no matter what. Interesting. And, um, he that's why you have the bonds you do. Yeah. So, it's dude, this all makes sense now. Yeah. He's like, I kept I kept trying to, you know, understand it because you guys roll in a tribe and I love that, by the way. Thank you. Uh, but I'm like, this is unusual and it's unique. there there's got to be a reason behind this now. It makes sense. And I think that the uh and I think that for me, you know, I did what he asked I did what he asked me to do. So for me in that kind of I feel that and for me I'm my father's son. So at the end of the day obviously look I got a great wife, I got a great family, I got great kids. All this stuff's great. But for me, my highest level of achievement of my entire life is I did what my father asked him to do. There's nothing that takes preced. I know he'd be proud, but I I did it. Yeah. I did it right. Like I did it. I honored my father what he asked for me. And that's the big thing. So you can never have the relationship like what I have with my brothers if you don't honor your father. Right? If you don't honor your father, that's why people find it unrelatable or don't understand because maybe they have an honorless father. Maybe they do. So that's they'll be great at something else. They won't be great at that. They'll be great at something else. Right? Like even you, you had a good father. So the thing is is you and I a good father. But you know, it's really my father was an honorable man and he and he commanded that out of me. He cultivated that with so many conver it was a daily conversation every day of my life. It wasn't one time a year. It wasn't Christmas. It wasn't Thanksgiving. It wasn't a birthday. It was every single time anything happened. Every single day, all the time, he used to always say two biggest things my dad would say. He said a lot of things, but in this piece and why I would pick him and going back to that, but he would say that they're all, you know, no matter what, always take care of your brothers, no matter what. And then he would always say, remember one thing, you always have one one mother. So, you know, I've been taking care of my mom for the last 20 years financially. Me now, me and my brothers do, but even before that. So, it's like it's and it's and and I'm happy to. I wouldn't want it any other way, right? But once again, so not only with my brothers, but with my mother, you know, like um you know. Yeah. So, you you feel uh in a good way, a good weight. Yeah, man. And I mean I I did it like people are like, you know, to me to be of substance and of character means something because now that's like when I go in and I and people are like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah." But see, if you're not built of those things, you can't speak to someone who has, right? They're just built of something you're not. Like you can act like you are, but you're just not built honor and you don't have that level of devotion in you and love. It's love and devotion, right? Like if you don't have that in you, then you'll never understand somebody who does, right? And and there's certain thing and the only reason why I know that is because and and I say this like there's other things that people have that I don't, right? It's like when I go in and I speak that strong and that powerful and I say that, I say that this is the reason why. Like if I go in and I talk about how to be successful, I sound arrogant because I'm talking about money. If I sound smart, I sound arrogant because I sound intelligent. But if I ripped my clothes off right now and had a speedo on and I was rocking a six-pack, everybody would sit around and stare and be like, "Look at this genetic freak." Right? You know what I'm saying? But the So the thing is is like I say that because that's what I'm good at, right? You know, they sell their strengths when they have a six-pack. I sell what I'm good at. Like if I came in and I was and I had that connection with my father and we transferred that to my brothers and that's how our family lives life, then that's what we have. But there's many other things that other people have that they're great at that we just didn't have. So I don't discount anybody else. I'm just proud of the things and and I'm grateful that you have that that I have the things that I have. I'm grateful that I'm a second choice. Yeah. Right. I am. I'm grateful for it because now I'm building something other people are not as a result of it. So what I thought what hurt my feelings when I was a kid, right? What hurt made me want to cry when I was a kid. It's a driver for you now, isn't it? It's it's it's a blessing. God gave it to me. God did it to me. Right. You know, well, thank you for coming in. This was amazing. And uh yeah, this is incredible. We're still recording. I think everything's good. We're good. You're like, "Oh, damn. We didn't record it." No, man. Good, man. Um yeah, this was amazing. I love Yeah, man. good time sharing it and getting a little deep and and it's going to there's some good ones out they're going to come out of this. So good, man. Thanks for having me, man. You bet. All right, everybody. Take care. And if you want to reach Joey Batista, I mean Instagram. I mean, you're everywhere. Yeah, you can reach I'm on Joey Batista on uh Instagram, LinkedIn, Tik Tok, YouTube. We'll put his links in here on the on the long form. You can just click on that and go straight to all of his stuff. But uh appreciate you spending some time with us. And uh we're looking forward to it. December 31st, all those things you just said you're going to hold this against me now. You hear me? Like now I'm like this. Hey, this is accountability, right? That's right. That's right. All right, buddy. Take care. Take it easy. [Music]