If you have a $250,000 tax bill every year, you're going to invest that amount of money into a deal. So rather than depreciate that asset over 39 years, which is standard straight line, you're condensing that. and then we'll apply it to our deals and stuff. But you were getting that bonus depreciation just we talk about that the road map, right? And you're going through that road map of getting to that first deal and your app stages call. You've onboarded, you're coming through, you're setting up that website and maybe if you haven't done that yet for the CRM, the website, how many of you have your websites done? I know you guys do. I know you guys do. Okay, perfect. Chad, I know you just came in. I think everybody needs to understand this. The part of raising money that's so critically important is people need to trust you. They need to like you, right? So, the deal can be the greatest deal on planet Earth, but if I don't like you and I don't trust you, it's going to be very difficult for me to give you any amount of money. Whether it's 25 grand, 50 grand, 100 grand, doesn't really matter. So, part of that process of getting people to trust you is setting up some of the back-end administerial so that way you look officially official. And whether that be your CRM system for the investing, the website, you know, you have one your realtor, right? Right. Right? You have a real estate website, right? If somebody wants to have you sell them their home, they need to know who you are. They need to trust you, right? Because there's 400 million realtors. I used to be one. I still am one technically, but we're a commodity. For me to choose you versus you is not because I think you're going to help me sell the home better. That's like a facade. Or that I think you can find me a better home. It's that I like you and I trust you a little bit better than the next one over there. And that comes by having an online presence, right? People need to know who you are. Same thing in the investing world, right? You don't have to have a big one and you don't need to be some guru influencer out there all over the planet, but you need to have some presence to where I want to learn who you are and learn about your company and what you're doing. I can go to that website and learn, right? No different than any of you did with us before you considered in coming into the community program. It's the same same process. So, we're going to kind of walk through that today. I know many of you have that set up. Uh, a lot of you don't. And that's kind of when I want to walk through that. And then we're also going to call some brokers this morning. So, we're going to pick some areas and just randomly call them. and I'm gonna role play with them live here uh this morning and go through that and then even set up some of the appointments and then I want to go through with each of you kind of after this first hour with everybody that's on here is we're going to go through kind of exactly where you're at to help you build some momentum in getting that first deal under contract, right? That may or may not be there yet. So, we'll be going through that and then after which, you know, our online guests, you know, you guys won't be able to see this today. So, we're going to visit two deals over the next two days in the afternoon. So, uh, after this, we're going to be getting together and driving down to National City, and we have one of our deals down there that we're done renovating. So, you won't you won't get to see it in the middle of rena, which kind of sucks. I wish you would have been able to see it like halfway done, but it's all done, and now it's in the stabilization phase. So, we're getting ready to refinance that thing, pull the cash out, pay back investors, and then we're in a hold, you know, moving forward. And that's an 80 unit apartment complex that we bought in December 2022. Uh, and it was a home run. I mean, um, it came right after I heard you talking about, what was it? Walking away from a deal. What was what were you mentioning? Uh, Tony, &gt;&gt; do you never get hurt, uh, by walking away from a deal, &gt;&gt; right? So, yes, and that is technically true. It could still be painful, right? Could still be painful, but yes, walking away from several thousands or thousands is a lot less than millions, right? And to speak on that, how this deal in Nashville City even came about was because of a deal we walked away from in Texas in uh October of 2022. It was a 200 unit $33 million market complex that we were in escrow in on. We went into escrow in April of 2022, right before the Fed decided to have their fund with the interest rates and go up. I mean, we knew they were going to go up, so I wasn't naive, but not 11 times in 9 months, right? I mean, that was a bit excessive, right? and everybody's still feeling it today. So, back then the market was still hot enough to where in order to get a contract, you had to have non-refundable deposit money up front. So, we had a half million dollar day one, non-refundable. So, if we went in and did our inspections and we didn't like it, unless there was something specific about the that was a lie or we found out that was part of the reps and warranties, you know, we couldn't just back away to back away, right? So, you do a lot of due diligence up front and we've done everything. Great property. We had walked it 400 times and we knew that thing really well before we went into esstro that the property was not the problem and the location everything was beautiful right propertyy's in good condition 1980s class B great area great neighborhood great schools great rents great everything was the financing right we went in with interest rates being a four and a quarter and before we decided to walk away 6 months later by the way 6 months later in escrow it was at 9 and a quart on the interest rates and at that time it just wasn't going to make financial sense And so push came to shove. It was in October of 2022. We had tried and tried and tried, but we were going to be fitting a square peg in a round hole. And you know, at that time, we had 800,000 heart because now we had 300,000 of due diligence money. And it wasn't just us. And we had two partners or two other partners, so total three people. So when I talk about OPM and general partnerships and co-general partnerships and all that stuff, we were a co-general partnership with two other groups and us in order to take down a $33 million 200 something unit complex, beautiful complex in Texas. So you don't do that alone. Very rarely will you ever sit there stroking checks for, you know, $12 million in cash. So that was the down payment, right? That was the equity in and obviously we didn't have all that. We brought in some of it, but then they brought in the rest and then we raised from investors the rest of it. But all of that money, the 800 grand. So we do not risk investor money until um we're getting ready to close. So that was all of ours, right? And and that's the difference because yeah, we just don't we don't do that. Even though we've ra we raised the money, it was it was getting half of it was in the account, half of it was coming in. We do not put that at risk with our investors until we are ready to close because in case something like this happens, the last thing we want to have happen is, oh, we didn't close on the deal and I can't give you your money back. I mean, could you imagine that conversation and then the lawsuits to follow? It would not go well. So, yeah. Or Yeah. Or or or you're in a in a in a hole like with a shovel sand, right? Something like that. Yeah. About took me took us two weeks to kind of think through it and Yeah. And I ended up waking up one morning and I said, "You know what? Can't do it. I can't do it. I can't put a square peg in a round hole. I'm not going to force feed and risk $12 million of investor money. You know, we're going to painful, very painful uh decision to walk away from that deal." And while it was a very painful financial experience, it was hands down the best business decision I have ever I've ever made because because of the way we handled that, the investors saw that we took it shorts, pretty good, but protected them. And 90 days later, the deal you're about to see this afternoon came to us completely off market through the family's attorney. So, this family that sold us this deal, we're in line for their other projects here in San Diego. They own about 900 units in San Diego and it's a very wealthy family that the husband died. We got Dallas, Texas, Mr. Johnny, Atlanta, Georgia. Okay, we could probably do some of those. Uh we'll we'll flip a coin. So yeah, let's do uh let's do Nashville. And then let's also uh do Ohio. Let's do Ohio. He doesn't have a lot of information on this thing. He's got a little flyer. 22 units been on 30 days. Oh, 134 days. Never mind. Take that back. Occupancy. UK. Gotcha. 1964 build. Looks like some basic renovations in there. Hey, Beth. Uh, can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Can I help you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, Beth. Uh, can you hear me? Okay, &gt;&gt; sir. Can we help? &gt;&gt; Yes. Now, I'm making sure. Can you hear me? Okay. &gt;&gt; Uh, my name is Justin Brennan. I'm calling on one of your guys' apartment complexes on Beth's apartment complex. Uh, I was actually coming off of Craigslist. Yes. And I was looking at the one on Brooks Park Drive in Toledo. Okay. Yeah. Uh, so it's been out about 41 days. Can you tell me a little bit about that complex? If that gives you a call and you are just B R E N A R &gt;&gt; uh B R E N I will call and she can handle all your questions. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Appreciate it. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you for calling. &gt;&gt; Well, let's try out one. Well, I think that what they're doing is they just have a a placeholder price in there. That obviously doesn't make much sense, right? Um so, let's do Let's take a look at KW's here. So, we got &gt;&gt; Columbus, Ohio. Mr. Jeffrey. Let's see if this goes to his cell phone versus office here. Let's try that. And let's give this one a call. He's got 57 days on market, 1.5 million, 16 units in Columbus. &gt;&gt; Our flag number to reach us, please either send us an email or call back on a different phone number. That's a first. &gt;&gt; So, apparently I'm spammed now. Hold on. We're going to try that again. That doesn't make any sense. I think it's getting me to his office, which I was trying to get direct. Let's try Rose calling back. Shoot. I should have grabbed that little team unit. Is this going to be the same one? Let's see if it's the same agent. Take me to their office. No, I got Kyle. It's got to Yeah, one of these guys got to pick up. Uh 513 520 3540. He's looking a little rough. 119 days on market. million five OM there 15 units. &gt;&gt; Your call has been forwarded to &gt;&gt; try another one before Zero. &gt;&gt; Hello Beth Rose. &gt;&gt; Hey Beth. This is Justin Brennan. How are you? &gt;&gt; Wonderful. How are you &gt;&gt; doing? Good. Yeah. Thanks for calling back so quickly. Um &gt;&gt; you're welcome. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I was obviously now understanding obviously an auction but that's great. So that's the bidding the star price. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And the bidding is going to end today at 4:00. Can I email you the due diligence package so you can get your eyes on that runway? &gt;&gt; I can. Yeah, I appreciate that. Um, I think they took down my email, but I can give you another one as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that will help me. I'm not at the office. I actually doing the auction. What is that? &gt;&gt; It is Justin J S I N. And then it's brennanpolley.com. I'll spell that for you. It's b as in boy. R E N A N. And then poly is P as in Paul. O L E.com. And um yeah. So, I guess is it foreclosed on auction or is it just a decision of the seller to sell it this way? &gt;&gt; Uh, it's not one of my foreclosures. Have you been on my site before? &gt;&gt; Uh, I have not, but I was going to it. Yeah, that's why I pulled up &gt;&gt; auctioneer. Yeah, I do a lot. I do the foreclosures for the government insured loans in Ohio. Got it. &gt;&gt; So, I get the really I get the best flips in Ohio. But, no, this is a non-distress. This is um this is two sellers that live in New York bought these units. Um, they're very well managed by KLM. Do you know who that is? &gt;&gt; I do. &gt;&gt; New York. Yeah, they're pretty big. They I'm pretty impressed with them. They when I email them, I mean, within two minutes, I have anything I need. It's unheard of. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The financials and all the all the DD. &gt;&gt; I got it all. And that's what I'm going to send you. Um you will see in the photos when you go to my site, I'm going to send the direct links. Every time somebody moved out, they went in and gutted the place. So, white kitchens, white baths, laminate wood floors, paint, white wood. So, you'll see you've got the white kitchens, which are the newly rehab, the tenants that have been there a long time. They have the oak kitchens, which I think I could tell the difference. Uh, very cute. I think he's only got three right now out of 40. Um, they're really great, actually. &gt;&gt; Is it a a cash requirement or is there financable? &gt;&gt; Oh, it's financable. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. And when you in uh because like you said, it's it's not being foreclosed on um just being sold this way. Uh obviously, they have a I'm guessing a reserve price. &gt;&gt; They do. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um, do you share? It's subject to their confirmation if I have. &gt;&gt; Sure. Got it. Okay, that makes sense. &gt;&gt; But yeah, no, these are these are Do you know anything about Toledo? &gt;&gt; Uh, we do. Yeah, we've been up into the Columbus areas and around there. I've not specifically been to Toledo yet, but yeah, in the Ohio markets quite a bit. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, Cleveland. &gt;&gt; Oh gosh, I get Columbus. I get Cleveland. You got to when we get off the phone, you'll have to download my app. Just go to your app store. It's free app. Just type in Beth Rose auction. I get Cleveland, Columbus, Cincinnati. I get it all. Um, and I post new auctions every day. And then I just signed a contract in September. This winter I have an additional 200 a month coming. So, um, yeah, it's the and most of these are in solvent estates or fallout from the pandemic, from the forbearances. That's what they are. But this one, it's in Washington local school system, which you know, every area is driven by school system. Um, this is in Washington local, which is a suburb school. It's not Toledo public, which is good. And, um, that's what I that's, you know, when we advertise stuff, they were like, "Oh, it's in Washington local." Cuz that's really all people care about is the location. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; This is right at the Toledo, Michigan border. I could throw the ball to the Michigan border. So, it's in a really good location. Um, &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, as long as as long as you'll take me to a Notre Dame game over in South Bend, which is not terribly far from you. &gt;&gt; It's not far. We're good to go, though. &gt;&gt; You could go to Buck King, &gt;&gt; you know. I'm a Notre Dame guy. It's a school I It's a school I didn't go to that I wanted to go to, but I don't think they would let me in. Um, it is nice. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, yeah. So, yeah, whether this works out or not, but obviously I have your info down because, yeah, get getting access to um, you know, whether you call it pre-market stuff, you know, pre-auction stuff, whatever it is. I mean, we're buyers and we got a lot a lot of other folks in our in our pool. So, uh, we're lucky to get some business. &gt;&gt; Contact me. Call me. This is myself, obviously. Um, I'm great about answering my phone, but if you call me the day before an auction ends and ask me my plan of instructions with the bank bid is, &gt;&gt; how you win, how you win these is, you know, that number. It's not illegal for you to ask me that. As long as you're 100 bucks more than the bank and you hold your breath that nobody bids against you, that's how you win those. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So on the reserves in this case being a reserve price one which is fine uh you know I call it your whisper price your price guidance I mean are you able to disclose that or not at this time &gt;&gt; I can no of course I've been selling real estate in 5 years so you can ask me any um yeah I'm conservative so you know I'm not you know you're not paying retail for anything you talk to me I'm more because I work with investors like you because we we syndicate our equity right so we'll come in you know let's call it whatever the number this is you know we'll pull down 65% 70% loan. Uh we'll bring in the rest of the equity. We're bringing in a good portion of it and then we have our investor pool that we already have set up and we'll we'll bring in the rest of the equity. Um so yeah, it's got to make sense, right? And get into at least &gt;&gt; the the teens on an IRR and um we should take it down. &gt;&gt; So here is the conversation I had with the sale and I'm being conservative. So I when I cpped these, I comped the door. However, last week there was a unit that came for sale, 6 unit on Brook Park that is 57 Flagador. Um, and then there is another six unit that came on the market not even a month ago, I would say, call it 3 weeks. 96,000 and some change a door. So, I was like, yeah, pretty pretty reasonable. There were there was a 10 unit that went on the market a month ago. I don't know if it's still available, but it was over by Toledo Hospital. was in to public schools, not suburb school. That was uh a 10 unit, 55 a door, and then there was another 6 unit for 55 a door. So, use that guidance to your benefit. So, there you go. &gt;&gt; Okay, fair enough. Fair enough. I appreciate that. &gt;&gt; And that's that's conservative. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, you know, that that's where my head was. &gt;&gt; Where um for &gt;&gt; lender So, last two questions. So, number one is, are there decent property management companies in that area that other clients are using currently that you may provide a list of? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a slim it's a slim life job. &gt;&gt; I know. I know. I know. I know. That's that's why I was I was I was tactful with my language there because I know how challenging it could be. &gt;&gt; Well, it's just you know who the good and the bad are. And I I do have a couple I give you. They're very good. I work with people like you all the time. Sometimes I've never, you know, I sold 67 houses to a guy from Oregon that I never met him. Boy, we talked on the phone all the time. We knew everything about each other. And another group bought a hundred out of Salt Lake City. Um, no. So, I don't put you in a bad position, but yes, I could probably give you two. Uh, that'll give you a good &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then we'll go through our process of vetting them, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, yeah. But there's probably a top a dozen in you know, but I'll give you two. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then on the lending side, are there local regional banks within the Ohio market that would lend on smaller deals like this? &gt;&gt; I do. I've got a really good guy on this one. I've already talked to him about it. Um, and he'd be in excellent hands if I'm good. He's smart. He's aggressive. He already knows this property. So, &gt;&gt; since it's pretty stabilized, would you just are you are you probably looking in the mid 6% range on on debt right now for something like this? &gt;&gt; Um, with the range probably. Yeah. I mean somewhere between six and seven in and there. &gt;&gt; Okay. Got it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Where are you located? Are you San Diego? &gt;&gt; Uh currently in San Diego. We also have an office in Texas in outside of Austin. So we're back and forth between the Midwest and we've purchased stuff all up and down the upper Midwest and you know Kansas City and so forth. So &gt;&gt; yeah, I am getting ready and I'll put this bug in here. I'm getting ready to go national. And so I've been working with two attorneys and that's going to happen probably late winter. um all 50 states foreclosures and one of them is the chair of HUD. There's 65,000 of property that's coming through the pipeline. Everything's on the back burner right now because the government's kind of a mess and &gt;&gt; the government's a mess, Beth. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Well, you know, I mean, I'm not a &gt;&gt; How they had all their stuff together? &gt;&gt; Let me let me just rephrase that. I'm not their priority. Um they had &gt;&gt; So, do you Let me ask you a question. Do you get in? I mean, I know you sell all this stuff, but please tell me you're investing with your investor. Sometimes you can't. Oh, because Oh, because you're Oh, cuz it's it's the thug stuff. It's the federal. &gt;&gt; It's the federal bed. I sign your deed. I am the son. Trust me, I &gt;&gt; There has got to be a workaround, Beth. &gt;&gt; I mean, I would fire myself if I couldn't do this. If I had access to all these things and I was not involved in them and somehow, holy crap. Oh, I have made these guys love me. You know, I've got Cincinnati that buy. They're like, "Oh my god, I bet we just made 70 grand on a flip on this one and 110 on that one." Yeah, I get them. I get the good stuff now. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, we'll figure we'll figure something out. &gt;&gt; We'll figure something out, Justin. &gt;&gt; All right. Uh, yeah, I'll look for your email. I appreciate that &gt;&gt; right now. &gt;&gt; And yeah, whether it's this one or future ones, we'll see what we can do. &gt;&gt; There's a ton of them. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you. &gt;&gt; All right. You're welcome. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, that was fun. &gt;&gt; Great job, man. &gt;&gt; How interesting was that phone conversation? &gt;&gt; Uh, that's actually one of the better calls I've had with a broker. Um, &gt;&gt; give out her children. &gt;&gt; Well, no, that's what I was going to say. Well, first of all, all of you should have that. And everybody online, she's going to she's going to get like 400 phone calls from like all of you. HEY, I'M IN A MULTIF FAMILY SCHOOL. DO YOU HAVE SOME FORECLOSURES? SO, everybody online, be taxful. You get you can get her number here. You know, you all have it. Um, &gt;&gt; by the way, Toledo is supposed to be the hottest market in the US next year. &gt;&gt; Oh, well, we all honey pop markets. &gt;&gt; Average credits. &gt;&gt; So, here's uh Miss Beth Rose. You see her number right there. So, whether once again, she has lots. So, this is clearly a great person to have connect connections with and whether it's in Ohio or other parts around there, you you already heard her. She's going to be going national. So, very interesting. And if she's representing these foreclosure uh Fanny May, Freddy Mack, HUD type loans, that's what she's representing, then it's government stuff. So, the great news is the government's very inefficient with their money and they'll sell things when they get best buyer, not necessarily the best price. So, um very interesting, great conversation. So, I would stamp mark her and slowly uh reach out and have conversations. What is your app? Uh she she said go on to the app store and she has her own app called Beth Rose. &gt;&gt; Beth Roseu &gt;&gt; Beth Beth Rose Auction Beth Auction. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So follow it there. But um this is a great broker for the Ohio market and probably other ones. Um &gt;&gt; how is the buying procedure different on an auction compared to like you know just PSA and it's &gt;&gt; Yeah. So you're not going to have contingencies. &gt;&gt; There's no &gt;&gt; Yeah. So here's how it works. Um which is great you're bringing this up. So with auctions I asked a question. Could it be financable? You heard that. So yes, it can. So that's helpful. So you're not having to be all cash on these deals. So you could come in, but you're going to need to move relatively quickly. That's why they have a leadup time, right? So you this thing probably started, you know, 90 days ago leading up to the auction date, which ends tomorrow. So there's a runup to that period. And people are putting in offers. It's pretty dumb to put in an offer ahead of time in my opinion because they'll leverage it against each other. That's just what good brokers will do. Like if if I came in at, you know, she said, let's call 50,000 a door for 40 units. That's $2 million, right? Is that right? Mhm. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's $2 million. So, let's say it was $2.5 million hypothetically for a minute on 40 units and that was my price. And I would just back into that thing to see if that made sense. But, it's going to be somewhere between 2 million to probably 3 million bucks. I'm guessing cuz she just gave me the indication of somewhere in that 50 to 60,000 a door range is based upon what she was saying. Um, and that you can always ask that. So, if there isn't a price on a property that you're looking at, this is why we're so adamant on setting up the the pre- stuff in your business going into it. This is why we set up the CRM, the website, all this stuff. And then you start building in your list of 25. So, inside of your CRM, you have a list of 25 people, Christine. And you can show her this list of people. And you can show them that you have a website. And you can show them that this isn't your first rodeo. You can show them that you have strategic partner. You can show them that, you know, you actually are alive, right? I mean, that's the whole point behind doing the front-end stuff is so that way when that question comes along, you can say, "Yeah, actually go to my website, check it out." They're going to actually read the story about you. They're going to see that you have strategic partners. They're going to click on those links. They're going to see us. They're going to see everything we own alongside with strategic partnerships. Then they say, "Hey, what's kind of your investor database look like?" You can technically show them your 25 people inside your CRM technically, but they're going to get a good feel vibe from you simply by going to those things in advance. It's it's like anything. Everybody's on edge until you do the first deal together. And then you're like, "Okay, this worked out. Now I don't think you're lying all the time. That's basically how it goes. But everybody everybody's going to be on edge the first time you do it, right?" So, uh, yeah. You're welcome. Yeah. I hope this was helpful. That was fun. I I mean, I wanted to do a lot more calls, but this Beth one was just so good. I mean, I could talk to her for like an hour. We could get through all of the the Q&amp;A. All right, everybody. I'm going to shut down the online. Uh, everybody want to say hi to everybody real quick before we I'll stop sharing so you can see everybody's shiny faces. Then you can wave. Everybody wave at each other. So, we're live here in San Diego. So, uh, we're going to stay classy today. Stay classy, San Diego. Yes. Beautiful. All right, everybody. Have a great rest of your Thursday. We're going to sign off online and then we'll we'll uh keep going here inside. So, next time for sure. Cool. Bye, everybody. Cool. Now, let's get to real stuff. But yeah, what I was going to touch on is going through this road map to where, okay, you don't have a deal, you're coming in, here's where you close on your first property, the business in a box, cuz people want to know how do you raise capital? How do you meet people, right? How do you find good deals? Like, cuz that's the two biggest hurdles most people get stuck with. And I and I let them know, well, in order for you to actually get brokers to trust you, in order to get investors to trust you to give you money, and brokers to give you deals, they need to know who you are. In order for them to know who you are, they need to be able to find you with some presence online. So that's why this backend side is so important to get set up so that way when you go into the market to give you a perfect example like when I just met with Johnny and the brokers in Dallas, Texas for us going to coffee and sitting down with them and having a few moments with them and having some brunch and whatever it was they said you know a lot of investors don't do this anymore. It's really nice that you guys are. So he sent Johnny three deals right after lunch where opportunities simply for having lunch because not a lot of people are making those connections. Everybody's trying to do everything so virtually, which is fine, but it's still a belly-to-belly game. It's still a human connection. It's real estate. That's the beauty of real estate is it's physical. We're sitting in it right now. The person that owns this space, you know, Karen, who I know, they're making money off of this real estate cuz that's its beauty. That's the beauty of it. So, setting up this business in a box foundation is really critical. Website, LLC, backend, CRM, having the organization there so that way you're officially official. and then going into the market, you know, taking the 3 days to travel out to whatever market you're focused in to get on the ground, tour the neighborhoods, know the areas, know what's going on, know the rents, know the good areas and bad areas, where to be, where not to be. All of that stuff is critically important. And then meeting with a few brokers, meeting with a few property managers, meeting with a few lenders to get the team set up. So that way when deals start flowing here, which is finding, analyzing, writing offers, and you actually get deals locked in, well, now you're not catching your tail trying to figure all this out. Because if you're having to figure all this out while you're getting deals flowing in, the deals aren't going to happen. And then you're going to get into the cycle of like frustration. So that's why now you get now you have all this set up and now you're, you know, finding deals, analyzing, and writing offers and you're pretty much in this cycle the entire portion until that first deal pops, right? And so you go from, excuse me, you go from, you know, the broker outreach, the deal underwriting, writing the offers. Obviously, you had your market trip set up, laying the foundations of capital. When I say capital, people always wonder, well, do I need to wait for the deal to raise the money? And the answer is no. But you need to set up what's called soft commitments. But you can't get soft commitments without your business in a box. Because the first thing people are going to do to give you some sort of like, hey, yeah, when you have a deal, I would love to take a look at it. Like that whole conversation that could be happening right around holidays, which is right now, that is hard to get if they go and try and find you and they can't. And or if they're trying to learn who you are and then you know you're some, you know, W2 that doesn't has an actual business setup. Like you are officially a multifamily investor. It's not a hobby. Like if you're going to go, we got to commit and we got to go. And sure, it's a side gig in the beginning until it takes over the primary gig like everybody wants. But it's official business and you're running a multif family investment company. And that needs to be the mentality because that'll allow these soft commitments for the capital foundation to get in place to where you'll have your list of 25 30 people that are in that database that are soft committed warmed up a little bit cuz they've had the time to go through this pre- stuff with you to where now when you're in negotiations and then you get a deal under contract, you're technically not chasing to find the money because this is all warmed up, ready to go. They just need a deal to commit to. Make sense? And that's how the the raising capital. So that way you're not none of this is set up and then you go ahead and get a deal under contract and then you're like, "Shit, I can't raise the money." Well, no wonder you can't raise the money. All this was not in place. So that's why it's really really really important that this kind of be followed because it's going to allow this process when you get under contract to happen. Great example would be the most recent one, Julian, right? He from Michigan. I mean, this is crazy. He's living in uh Liberia in Western Africa right now as a diplomat for the United States government. But his first deal was in Michigan. He locked it up. He's from Michigan, so he was able to find it. But he all this stuff was set up within two weeks, right? He met a few brokers, started getting deal flow. He already knew the market, so he didn't have to go into the market and do the trip. But then he had he started reaching out to people because all this was set up. He got 25 to 30 people in that list with soft commitments. Started writing offers, negotiating them, locked up his first deal. And because this was all set up, he raised 3/4 of the money in 2 weeks. I mean I mean it was only about a 400 W wait take that back. Yeah. Four a little under $500,000 raise, right? So not a not a grip of money, but not a small amount of money either. But 3/4 of it was raised within 2 weeks when he's getting ready to close on it because all this foundation was set up. And then I asked him the other day, I said, "What is the number one thing that helped you in in in solidifying the capital once you did all this stuff and reached out to people and sent them the pitch deck and the deal and all the information about the deal and you sent it out and you set up the phone calls and you had the conversations and people said, "Yeah, I'm interested or I'm not." Like, what what really got over the hump? And he says, "Honestly, follow-up." And you've heard the saying, "Fortune's in the follow-up. Fortune is in the follow-up." He says, "I didn't I I never felt like I was asking people for money." He says it's you got to change the mentality. You're not asking people for money. You are providing them an opportunity. You have to flip it the other way around. They should be honored to get this opportunity to go make 15 to 20% a year on their money and wipe out their income taxes for life. Cuz that's essentially what you're giving people and you're just giving them a great deal to invest in. So, it's an opportunity. You're not asking people for money. And I never ask people. I always say, "Who do you know? Who do you know that may have interest in this opportunity?" Cuz what'll happen when you do that? And then they're like, "I don't know, man, but send me the information." Okay, perfect. Send you the information. They get to look at it. What's going to happen is the FOMO is going to set in and they're going to go, "Damn, why didn't he ask me? I mean, I know this Brian guy. I'm going to send it off to him for him, but like, why isn't he asking me? I think this is pretty interesting." And then he's going to follow up with me and all of a sudden I'm going to see, oh, why didn't you ask me? I I have some interest. I have 25 grand I can throw at this thing. Seems pretty cool. Okay, great. Yeah. In the back. &gt;&gt; So, I got some high net worth doctor friends. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, these are beautiful. This is &gt;&gt; I just want to know how to explain to them how I can, you know, have put their money in but also reduce their tax liability. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, the answer to that is they're going to get because of the big beautiful bill that's in place now, it's nearly what's called 100% bonus depreciation as of today here in 2025. What that means is whatever I invest, let's say I invested 50 grand with you, I get almost a dollar for dollar write off. So, and it most of it comes in year one. So, if I wanted to wipe out a $50,000 per year tax bill to the IRS every year, then I would do one of these every single year and invest that money, get a what's called a negative K1, right? That's what comes through from these investments as a K1 statement. And then that goes to your CPA. Now, depending on how you and maybe a spouse or if you're single and all that kind of personal stuff, that'll dictate whether you can wipe out capital gains, right, which is investment passive style income or your ordinary income from your job. So, give you a perfect example, there was a doctor in New York. He and his wife obviously married. They joint file together. She's a stay-at-home but she also has her real estate license. When he told me that on the phone, I'm like, "Oh my god, you're in a perfect scenario." cuz he makes he pays almost $250,000 a year to Uncle Sam. And he's like, "I'm sick and tired of paying this." I said, "I don't blame you, right? And you're in the state of New York, too. So, you're getting hosed three ways to the moon." So, I said, "Here's how we're going to wipe out your taxes for life. Your wife, you she has her real estate license. So, now she's a real estate professional. You guys joint file. You're going to go buy some multif family. Whether you buy it on your own or you invest in a syndication with any one of us, whatever you invest, so if you're if you have a $250,000 tax bill every year, you're going to invest that amount of money into a deal, you're going to almost get a dollar for dollar negative K1 statement every single year you do this, and you're going to pass that back to your CPA to wipe out your income. Does that make Does that answer your question? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, that totally makes sense. &gt;&gt; Totally makes sense. But there's always a come around, isn't there, when you go to sell that property? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Because you've t already taken the deduction. So now you're going to get &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's called a recapture. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Called a recapture. That's why you don't sell it till year five because all the bonus depreciation gets taken over a 5year window, right? So at the end of year five, all of that recapture is drastically reduced. Did we just drop that on the ground? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Oh god. Um, so yeah, that's why you wait 5 years to sell the properties. So that way that recapture back is minimal is minimal. Okay. So that's the key to it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So but when but when you sell then you &gt;&gt; but if right but but because you're you waited five years to sell it the recapture amount that you have to take is very minimal. It's not the whole amount. If you're trying to do this and you're selling it in 12 months from now, bad business model. Wait 5 years and then do it. And that recapture back will be minimized. So you won't have a problem of having to uh have an income call it a phantom income tax 5 years from now. Yeah. That's key. Yeah. The tax game is is everything. But I try and simplify it and just say, "Listen, what do what do you pay Uncle Sam each year right now?" And they're like, "About 75,000." Perfect. So, you're going to invest that every year. So, it's going to two one of two places. Uncle Sam black hole or real estate investment. That's it. It's the only two options you have. So, put it into a real estate investment. And you do that every single year. So, that way you get a negative K1. And that's going to wipe out that's going to wipe out your taxes. And once again, depending on your personal setup, that will dictate what type of income you get to wipe out. So for him, because he's married, this doctor guy, right, and his wife has a real estate license. So she's classified as the real estate professional, they joint file together. So when that negative K1 statement, when that comes through for $250,000 negative, he gets to wipe out his capital gains income from investments, passive income investments, stocks, bonds, real estate, any kind of passive investment stuff. And he wipes out his doctor income. &gt;&gt; So does somebody be your wife real estate agent? not a real estate agent, but classifies as a real estate professional. So, a real estate professional, two things. Number one, you have to spend 750 a year, 750 hours per year in real estate activities. Pretty easy to figure out. It's 15 hours a week. You can do 15 hours a week on Zillow, right? So, that's not terribly difficult. But the hard one is you have to spend more time doing real estate activities versus your other job. So, it's harder if you're a single individual that's a W2 employee and you have to be at your office 40 hours a week, but you're only spending 15 doing real estate. That doesn't work. You see where I'm going with it? Because you're not spending more doing real estate than you are your 40 hours at your job. Yeah. Yeah. So, I I either way they're going to get to wipe out. And the simple answer to it is whatever you give me, I'm going to give you a negative K1 back on the year one. It's almost dollar for dollar, right? You don't guarantee that because it's it's you said it's on average it's almost dollar for dollar right now because of the bonus depreciation that's set up to whatever you invest that's what you're going to get back on a negative K1 statement and that negative K1 statement has allowed you to write off income right now it's a matter of which income do I get to write off capital gains or ordinary income cuz those are the only two types &gt;&gt; they were multiple advice &gt;&gt; correct either way yeah the the real estate professional status is what gives you the ability to wipe out both types of income Because if you don't have the real estate professional status, you can only wipe out capital gain. &gt;&gt; Is it in conjunction with being an agent and 15 hours a week? No. &gt;&gt; All you have to do is put 15 hours a week to some kind of real estate. &gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah. I mean, if you can show if you can showcase, you know, reasonably, hey, that I'm driving around looking at this stuff. Obviously, if you if you have this stuff set up and you can showcase I have a real estate business and I have all these things in play and like all this, that starts to Okay. and you own some properties and you can show, hey, I own these properties and we're doing some management on them and we're doing this. It starts to paint the picture, right? It's easy to sell that to a CPA, to the IRS, to anybody, right? But obviously, you can't just make it up because they will find out. Eventually, they'll find out. So, yeah. Question mark. &gt;&gt; How I'm going to try to do it next year? I'll have six six properties or six doors and I don't have property management. I'm the property management, you know. I'm going &gt;&gt; then it's very easy. I'm going the igniter. I'm fixing the stove. I'm replacing everything. I'm doing the flooring, the paint. I'm doing all this stuff. So then next year, I'm going to try to file as a professional because I run every &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; You know, this is what &gt;&gt; and that would be very easy, very easy for you to do. So to Okay, once again, going back to the types of income because this is important. So there's capital gains. You get to wipe that out no matter what. There's nothing stopping any of us from wiping that out. But the holy grail, what people are trying to accomplish is, hey, I'm a high doctor making 500,000 a year, whatever the number is, and I pay Uncle Sam 250 grand. Screw that. How do I wipe that out? Cuz that's what really people are trying to accomplish. And how you do that is by having real estate professional status. It's harder to do if you're single, easier to do if you're married and one spouse has, you know, real estate license or real estate professional status cuz you're filing jointly. So now, Mr. doctor over here cuz you're filing jointly. You can wipe both out both. That's the holy grail. That's what everybody's trying to get to. But it's it is harder if you're single and not married. There's a way around it, right? It's just harder. It's just harder. Yeah. Question here. &gt;&gt; The question is after you decide to sell it in 5 years. Yeah. &gt;&gt; If you're going to buy another, &gt;&gt; but what do you you just sell the the old sell that? &gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. And you sell it in the beginning of the year. So, to give you an example, we have a 31 unit deal right now that is in escrow and we're closing January 6th specifically and because I know the investors, we're going to have almost a million I mean almost a million6 capital gains event, right? And there's no way around it and we can't 10:31 cuz it's a partnership and it wouldn't make sense to do 1031 anyways. But how do we get around that to give all the investors like runway? We close in January. So now you have 12 months to take that capital gains and rather than give it to Uncle Sam like we know what that number is going to be. you're going to go and buy another property or invest into another syndicate, get the bonus depreciation for 2026 and wipe it all out. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They all know now and we have a general idea of what our capital gains will be generally speaking. Um now once they get their distribution, we'll know exactly what it is and then you know it's on everybody's plate to do their own personal taxes, but we give them guidance saying, "Hey, you know, here's what your t capital gains is likely at. You know, talk to your CPA to verify this, but now you have 12 months to go figure this out so you don't have to pay Uncle Sam." Like that's but that's what you do. You don't close in December cuz you you know cuz you have to do it in the calendar year. That's the critical piece to the whole puzzle. Has to be done in the calendar year that you're having the event. So that's why you always do it in the beginning of the year so you have the runway and then you know you'll technically never have to do a 1031 exchange technically if you if you run the bonus depreciation game, right? It's a very very very powerful tool. &gt;&gt; If the capital gain um event is a million dollars, then is that they would have to invest million dollars in order to profit? uh the capital gains if that is the capital No if that's the event what is the and let's say they're at a 28% tax bracket right so it' be 280 grand correct yeah it's whatever the actual taxable income is right but the event may be a million dollar sure but the taxable that would go to Uncle Sam that's how I always look at it how do I wipe out that is that you take that 280 and go invest it because that's what I have to actually go you want to reduce your taxable income and that's what you do with that you know what's honestly what's amazing and I've started doing it to test it is I is um you can go on I mean our our our friend at chat GPT as we all use it. I mean you can literally come on here and they have I have custom GPTs right set up. We have our multif family mentor one but you can come in here and we're teaching it right now the tax game of bonus depreciation. So you can really come much in here and and say you could say uh I have um a uh capital uh gains event from the sale of my you know 20 unit multi- family building. Um I am closing in January 2026. How do I wipe out this gain and use bonus depreciation to do it? And then what you'll actually do is when you get your your gain and all that stuff in your your documents, you can throw it into the system and say, "Please analyze this for me and give me a tax strategy game plan to wipe this out this year." And it'll go ahead and d you do not wipe out capital gains on the sale itself with depreciation. You can offset it blah blah blah through a new acquisition. So, it's giving you two options, right? the 1031 exchange, right? Or cost segregation bonus depreciation, right? So, it's giving you this is the magic, right? But this is the one you're going to want to use, right? With the bonus depreciation, it's going to walk you through it and just keep asking it questions and prompting it on your specific situation and even your your personal tax situation, and it'll walk you through how to do it. It's it's pretty sick. And yeah, cuz we've we've taught it we put into the to the AI, you know, that you're a uh you're the number one tax strategist in the world. So, we're giving it the mindset and giving it, hey, you go use all the tax code because it can read the IRS tax code which is publicly, you know, online right in a second and take all that, apply it to your personal situation. But the key is prompting it that hey, I'm going to be, you know, when are you selling? When are you buying and maybe ask it, hey, ask me some questions so you know my personal situation and can guide me. So you want to like almost ask it and teach it like exactly like you want it to learn and give you the answers based upon your personal situation and it'll walk you through it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; That was in conjunction with that you ask you &gt;&gt; questions. Yeah. So that way it can it can give you the proper answers, right? It's almost like you're asking it to prompt you. Correct. But yeah, I mean this multif family mentor is, you know, we're getting it. But yeah, the tax side of it is a critical piece to the puzzle. I mean that's why people invest in real estate is Yeah. Cash flow is great, profits are great, inflation hedge is great, but man, if I can wipe out my taxes in the process of that, let's go. I mean, why else would I would I do it? Because it's not about the money you make, it's the money you keep. And we all know that. It's the game of of how do you keep the money and keep that money moving in your pocket versus, you know, our friends at the IRS who we all know that's we don't know where that's going. &gt;&gt; Gain agnostic. In other words, of stock, can you do that capital &gt;&gt; everything? Everything. Yeah. So, once again, there's two types of income. capital gains, which is any kind of passive investment type stuff, stocks, bonds, trades, anything like that, crypto, that's all investment style, passive type income. And then you have your ordinary income from your J O. And so that's the two types. So the holy grail is how do I wipe out both, right? I mean, that's what everybody's looking for. So, you know, unless you are I'm already a real estate professional, so I'm 1099. I'm not W2. So because of that, I can wipe out both anyways. But obviously if you're a doctor, an attorney, somebody that's going to a job 9 to5, sitting in an office or working for the man as they say, how do I wipe out that income as well as capital gains from investment? Cuz that's the big question everybody asks and that's how you do it. &gt;&gt; Sell acquire &gt;&gt; uh the property. So you do Yeah. So the process for how this works, you close you close escrow and you buy a 15-unit apartment building, right? Within the first 30 days of owning that building, you're doing the cost seg study. It's done by a third party company. They're all the the vendors, they're in our system. You have three of them in there. And they'll do the cost egg study. It'll run you a few thousand dollar on the property, but that's for the benefit of you and your investors. It's going to give you a report that's going to show you exactly the amount that you get to write off right now and for the next 5 years. And so you'll then take that report. It goes to the CPA. And then that's what they're going to use to then apply this bonus depreciation to all you and the investors. And that's going to give you the K1 statement to then go give to your personal CPA. &gt;&gt; Cash flow period and the capital event. &gt;&gt; Yep. It's used for all the above cuz you'll get one every year cuz you're going to file tax returns for the LLC that owns the property every single year and your investors get a K1 statement every single year and it's going to show this loss every single year. So even though it's a paper loss, it's not a real loss. It's a paper loss, but that paper loss is able to be used against actual income. That's the beauty of it. So when you do bonus depreciation rather what you're doing is taking 39 I think it's 39 years on commercial property if I'm not mistaken. Is that right? Anybody know? Yeah. So it's it's 27 and a half on residential. I think it's 30 something. Uh I could ask it. What is the normal depreciation timeline for commercial property? I think it's under under normal code UCC code. It should say I think 30 27 and a half for residential but I want to know commercial. Com commercial is it still going? It's giving me example. 39. Okay. So I was right. So 39 years for commercial. So rather than depreciate that asset over 39 years, which is standard straight line under accounting rules, you're condensing that, right? Hence the you're accelerating that depreciation over five. So that's what happens under under IRS tax code 168K. IRS tax code 168K. This is what allows this to happen. So you're taking it from 39, condensing it to five, accelerating that. The most of it comes in year 1, and then you still get 2 3 4 5. So that's why if you wait 5 years and then you sell the property, that recapture that you're talking about is minimal. Yeah. You'll get to a point you have no recapture, but trust me, the recapture event is far less than the benefit. Otherwise, people wouldn't do it. &gt;&gt; Now, the cost study truck, &gt;&gt; that's the best time. &gt;&gt; So, you want to do it while in that process as opposed to once the rental &gt;&gt; No, no, no. Once the rental is complete is actually the technically the best time to do it. Yeah. Cuz now you're going to have all these improvements added to it that now you can cost segregate, as they say, and accelerate that. Yeah. So, technically, yeah. If you're doing a huge construction project, you wouldn't do it on like we're going to go see this project today. I would not bonus depreciate this little two-bedroom, one bath house you're about to see that you're like, "Holy cow, 1923 house, right?" No, you build the building, then you do the bonus depreciation. Yeah. Cuz that I mean, you're going to have a big number on that one, small number on this one. Yeah. And when you when you go to the cost seg companies, the cost segregation companies, they can run a pre-report. They'll give you an idea of what you're before you hire them, right, for free. They'll give you they'll run the analysis on the building. They will give you kind of a pre-report on what will likely be. So that way you have an indication before you close escrow. So this is all done in your due diligence process when you're in escrow in the contract. You can go to these guys and say, "Hey, here's the address. Here's the information. Can you give me a pre-report on what it looks like?" You know, and I could even pull up some of the reports and they'll tell you, "Yep, you're going to be able to bonus depreciate about, you know, 2,777,000." And year one will look like this and years 2 through 5 will look like this. And that way you have a game plan. And so then you can apply that to your financials. And then when investors ask you, hey, what are you expecting for year 1 bonus depreciation? Oh, it's going to be about this, which means if you invest this, you'll get this. And they'll give you a good idea. And it's almost a 1 one. It's going to range right between about 95 cents on their dollar to like 1.2 cents on their dollar right in there in terms of what they get to write off for year one. Yeah. So, uh, no different than, um, I was saying before, but so it's all done through a K1 statement. So, that's that's the IRS document that the LLC produces for every investor. And when you file tax returns on that property, which you'll do every year that you own it, um that paper loss, that K1 statement is the paper loss, and it just shows it on paper what you're losing. That is what you get to transfer to your personal CPA to do your personal tax return. And that and they get to use that document. They, you know, plug it into their little calculator things and they apply that appropriately. You know, that's why you always want to talk to your CPA, too, and let them know, hey, you know, it's tax strategy game is what I I call it. And most CPAs are not tax strategists. They're just not. They're not designed that way. They're not taught that way. They're taught to like take it, put it into their, you know, their little computer system and pump out the documents and send it to the IRS. That's what they're there to do. They're not there to think through your personal situation and provide a tax strategy plan for you. Some are, right? So, Matt Bowen, who came on our 3-day event, um he's both a CPA and a tax strategist. He's in the community for all of you guys and you saw he came on there speaking and he's a sharp dude and he's very very very good. So, he he's a rare one because most are not. You know, he can actually take your situation cuz he's in real estate too. He's a CPA, so he has this company called True Books, but then he understands the tax strategy game where he can look at your personal situation and then apply it correctly. And most most people who are making enough money and it typically doesn't start to play until you're probably hitting and or seeing income come in from real estate and all these types of things of probably 250,000 or more is where it really starts to play because then you're probably going to start start tax strategizing around Q3 of the year, right? Because you're you're planning and you want some runway. So you start talking to your CPA and these people, your tax strategist right around September, October of that year to say, "Hey, you know what's my taxable event for this year?" Okay, I have to pay I know I'm going to have to pay right around 200 grand to Uncle Sam or whatever the number is. 50 grand, 80 grand, 100 grand. Okay, how do we avoid this? Right? How do we avoid this? And then they start planning ahead to say, "Okay, well dude, you need to go buy some real estate." That's probably what they're going to tell you. You need to go invest into a syndication. So that's why we can raise a lot of money towards the end of every year cuz we have a lot of people saying, "Dude, I need to like get this money moving or I mean it's going to Uncle Sam or it's going into real estate." I have two options. So obviously the real estate one is the better one. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Especially if we send something out like cuz we have our fund now, right? And that's a revolving kind of poolled fund where people can invest into it on a continual basis and then we'll apply it to our deals and stuff. But we're getting that bonus depreciation on a yearly basis for people coming in and out. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You deal. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. So like from an asset protection setup is my trust is the member of all of the stuff. So from kind of like a flowchart, so everyone understands a flowchart. Your holding company that all of you have, right? So that's the main investment holding company. A lot of your assets and stuff you own should be held by that holding company and then that holding company is owned by a trust. That'd be the correct way, &gt;&gt; right? And it's going to go to you personally anyway. You can't really hide from the tax because the way the money flows, it's based on where you have residency. Okay? So, at the end of the day, right, let's say money comes in from an apartment building, goes to that LLC, then goes to your holding company, right? But then you reside in California, right? It doesn't matter. So, that's that's the company level income, but it all passes through cuz these are all LLC's. It's a pass through event. It's all it is. So, at the end of the day, it's still going to your personal income taxes in the state in which you reside. Yeah. So, that's why I'm setting up residency in Nevada. There's a great app called Tax Bird. Tax Bird. It'll track you. So that way, because you don't have to be in a specific state 51%, I just need to be out of California 51%. With the amount that I travel, if I can just show that I'm out of California 51% of the time, then we're good. We're good. And then you establish residency. You have to establish residency. So I have to get a license and stuff in Nevada. But they have no instate income tax, you know. Mhm. Yeah. We use QuickBooks for everything. It's good. Totally works. So, all of our LLC's, our holding company, everything is in QuickBooks. And then we have a bookkeeper. And then we have a CPA. So, the CPAs and the bookkeepers are all in your vendor's list in the back end. Uh, yes, it is not Matt, but it may become Matt. He's pretty good. Or I'll just use him for tax strategy cuz that was the first time I'd actually gotten So, he used to work uh with Ryan Peneda and a couple of these other kind of real estate influencer guys. Uh, but he's very sharp and now he's off on his own doing his own gig, but very sharp guy as you kind of saw. I was impressed. I was impressed. Yeah. Have you heard from him at all? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; I remember the number like &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know. I mean, I guess it just depends on what he's doing and what he's handling cuz doing I don't know that I would need him to do tax returns, per se, but if I needed tax strategy guidance, would I pay him for a couple hours of his time? Sure. Sure. &gt;&gt; We had Zoom with him twice. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he has programs, one for,000 a year. Okay. &gt;&gt; In a meet twice, one 8,000 a year &gt;&gt; all day long. &gt;&gt; And then to file your taxes, he wasn't &gt;&gt; Got it. for $4,000 to get proper advice to avoid hundreds of thousands. That's a good ROI. Got it. Yeah. So, that's I mean I mean that's reasonable. That's reasonable to have two meetings probably in an hour each, I'm guessing. Yeah. So, two 1-hour meetings a year to go over your specific tax strategy. Obviously, you need to have your stuff kind of there's probably some prepping right before these calls so that way you have everything ready to go. Um but yeah, there's probably some review and stuff in there, too. But yeah, if he can look at your specific situation and give you the guidance to save you hundreds of thousands of dollars. Yeah. For four grand a year, sign me up. Yeah. All day long. Yeah. Uh, no. So, most of the LLC's get set up in Wyoming. Wyoming. Now, we set up our our holding company LLC in California many years ago. So, we haven't changed that. That's fine. Um, but everything else is set up in Wyoming. They do. Yeah. Wyoming is the best uh out of all of them. And then you can hide yourself better in there if you choose. if you choose. But keep in mind, if someone's going to sue you, what they're really after is the insurance money. That's really what they're after. They're not really after you. They're after like something happened, a big event. I'm pissed. I want some money. That's why you have insurance and you put an umbrella policy in place. So, every single one of your apartment buildings will have three insuranceances on it. You'll have your property insurance for fire and blah blah blah. You'll have your general liability policy that's there in case one of your residents falls and kills themselves. And then you'll have an umbrella policy that's above all of those for a couple million dollars. And that's going to protect over everything. So that's like if if they break through the pol the property and they break through the general liability and they're like, I want more money. That's what the umbrella is there for. And that's just that's on a literally a property bypropy basis. And then if they break through that and they want to come after, you know, your holding company up in Wyoming, you're going to have an umbrella policy on that one, too. I mean, so trust me, by the end of the party, they're going to have millions to go after if they really want to do it. So, but that's before it ever gets to you ever personally, right? They're just after the money. And you know, unless you I mean, unless you're completely negligent and you did kill somebody, they're they're usually not going to break through the property level. Very, very rare. Very rare. I mean, I haven't ever had that happen. Knock on wood. I haven't ever seen anybody have that happen. But you'll have property level insurance that protects you and everybody. Um, then you'll go to your LLC holding company level and have an umbrella on that. And it's cheap. It's not expensive stuff. Cheap to get these umbrellas. And then beyond that, you could even have a personal umbrella policy, which I have just a personal one for, I don't know, a gardener comes over to your house and hits himself with a rake and falls over and dies. I mean, I don't know. Who knows these days, you know? And then you have a he wants to sue you cuz you asked him to come over. I mean, who knows, right? And then you but it's cheap stuff, you know, to have the umbrellas and that just covers you on a personal level. So, there's multiple layers to where you don't have to go hide yourself. I mean, unless you're doing something nefarious, you know, you don't really need to be some secret, you know, CIA agent behind all your companies. You just need to have good insurance that's there and, you know, try and do the right thing if things do go wrong, which inevitably they will. There are there was there's insurance brokers. So, in your back end under the vendors, there's the property insurance brokers. They're specific to property insurance, but yeah, there are a few in there. Two ways to get good insurance. Number one is when you go to buy a property, whoever the current insurance provider is on that property, you'll want to find out who they are and that's a possible use when you buy when you buy it. That's option A. And the other one is same thing with brokers. I would ask them, you know, no different than the the lenders and the property managers. You saw yesterday when I asked the the uh the broker, hey, do you have any other property managers in the area that you could refer me that maybe other clients use in their properties? Yeah, I do. I can send you a few, but I try and be tactful with that. Cool. And she sent me an email, by the way, that has everything in it. And then, hey, do you have any lenders that would finance these things that I can speak to as well? Absolutely. Here's a couple. And then I'd ask again, hey, what kind of insurance companies are, you know, insuring these properties up there? Do you have any that locally you can refer to me? I have maybe a couple of those, too. So, the brokers will be your gatekeeper to a lot of that cuz they're in it every day. They have all their clients and they know who all their clients are using. So, you might as well at least get a few referrals and use the brokers for those referrals. Build a little team local in that market. And then sure, we provide the vendors too. So I kind of it's kind of one of these games like teach you how to fish but then give you fish too. So that way you have both sides of that. But yeah, it's very important stuff. So I mean I I use this almost every day coming in here cuz it's I mean it's it's getting smarter and smarter and smarter. I found out so we cloned my voice by the way using 11 Labs. So we can clone myself so that way I can actually talk to you down here. The problem we're having is Open AAI right now is being very careful because I found this out the other day because I'm like, why can't we clone it and put it into our custom GPT that you've created and they're like, well, they're worried about deep fakes right now and they're worried about um people faking you and then security reasons cuz if you if you clone your voice and you put it up here publicly now some you nefarious hacker guy could technically come in here, use that. Now it's your voice. They could go on to any voice recognition things and start stealing your identity and doing all kinds of other things and do some crazy stuff too. Uh I don't know that they care much about me, but that's the point why they haven't just blanketed allowed everybody to do it yet cuz they are concerned about opening that up cuz then imagine if I mean they're already allowing you to clone. That's why the body clones right now cuz I'm trying to we're trying to actually u do an AI uh um twin basically of me and it's pretty good but it's still a ways off and there's a reason for that. They're they're really careful about this whole deep fake problem and people literally cloning you and it literally looks like you. It's crazy how good this is getting, but it's scary at the same time because if they can clone you and clone your voice and now be able to use that, it's not so much the general public that you got some, you know, bad actors, you know, and you could even bad bad states, bad countries, bad things. And they I mean they're they're very concerned about that, which is why they're holding on to it. And if you go AI clone yourself, and I've tried 14 different ways like, "No, it's not quite good enough yet." They're like, "They're not going to let you get it exact. They're being very tactful with that on purpose right now." So, just FYI. But yeah, cuz I want to get it to the point where you could literally pull up chat on your phone using the custom GPT. You could be in front of a property and you could say, "Hey, Justin, can you walk this property with me right now and tell me what you see?" And I'm going to and and because of the the VR, you right cuz now now we have, right, metal glasses and then we have oculars, right? But it's going to go to the contact lenses that I'm I've been saying. And you're going to have it. Everybody's going to wear them at some point. And you'll be able to literally get out of your car, walk anywhere, and I'll be standing right with you just like I am now. And I'll say, "Hey, actually look over here to this and take a look at this and pay attention to this. Let's go inside the units real quick. Let's take a look at these. Oh, pay attention to that." And you'll ask me, "What do you think it'll take to replace this floor?" About $10 a square foot or blah blah blah. And we'll like literally be there with you. It's It's going there. It's totally going there. So I'll be with all of you 24/7. you'll never get rid of me ever for the rest of your existence. I'll be sitting on the couch in your house. Okay. So, but yeah, cuz it it um it's headed that direction cuz the first thing I said is, "Hey, how can I get myself to pop out of a phone is a hologram, right?" Like, that was the first thing I thought. And then I talked to this AI guy and he says, "Well, you can't because the hardware is not in the phone. So, they can't and Apple's not doing that. So, it's not going to happen." But with AR, augmented reality, it's already here. Now, it's just a matter of the technology is going to continue to improve. And because of 5G wireless and all the stuff they're building with the data centers and the speed of everything that's coming. Yes, it is there. It's there now. It's just not at the point where you can literally pop out yet, but it's coming very, very quickly. So, that'd be pretty cool. Pretty cool. So, what I want to do, I want to call some brokers too this morning again, but I wanted to walk through that. Does anybody have any questions on this before we finish this up and kind of the purpose? I think I think everybody's understanding of that now. You know, why it's there is the road map visually. And then behind that, right, there's about 10 pages of detail for each one of these points that give you a checklist for each point. So that way you can kind of follow that and trace yourself back cuz I when we were talking to you and everybody else sometimes, oh, I'm doing this right now, but I haven't done this. So it allows you to go back if you're getting out of whack and find yourself back in that process so you can track yourself. I think you were telling me that too, right, as you were saying. Yeah. I get into the list, I start doing it, and then I forget where I'm at, and then I don't know how to go back because I can't visually see it. Right. Correct. Yeah. Because we know we know that this process works. And because every single person that's followed this, they get their deal. They get it. And so the key is just staying in this process and staying consistent with it. And then what ends up happening with a lot of folks is they'll get right between here, like 3, four, and five. And this is kind of where people will get, I wouldn't say stuck, but they're, you know, revolving in this, right? Until you get to the point of boom, the deal gets locked up. All right? Cuz it's you're here until that deal hits and you're, you know, analyzing, finding, writing offers, right? In that process and that cycle until that first deal hit. Let me show you guys the you guys saw the websites. &gt;&gt; Hello, this is Alan Larson. Leave me a message and I will get back to you shortly. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Hey Alan, this is my name is Justin Brennan. I'm with Brennan Pulley Capital. I was actually calling on your 24 unit there in Oklahoma City. I know you have a few other ones as well. Just want to get some information on that one. I know it's been on a little bit, but and then you have some other properties around it. Yeah, definitely looking to buy in the Oklahoma market and your name came up on this one. So, I'm thought I'd reach out to you personally and see if you have this one or some other deals we can take a peek at. My cell number 6198232120. That's 6198232120. Chat. So, I do that and then So, we're not going to call him. Let's go back to Oklahoma. Let's call on this little 12plex maybe. So, this one's Oh, three days ago. Cool. Brent with KW. Hey, Brent. All right, let's see if Brent will have a conversation with us. Got 405948-50. &gt;&gt; It's a great day. Killer Williams. It's Hannah. &gt;&gt; Hey, Hannah. Is Brent available? &gt;&gt; Uh, holiday. &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah. I mean, is that his last name? Yeah. Yeah. He's got a he's got a listing a listing there in Oklahoma City that I'm interested in on 735 Northwest 30th. &gt;&gt; Perfect. I'll transfer you over to him. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thanks. Cap rate of 4.3. Wonder if this is more of a development play. It's possible for that price point like that. &gt;&gt; This is Brent. &gt;&gt; Hey, Brent. Um, my name's Justin Brennan. I'm actually calling on your property there at 735 Northwest 30th there in Oklahoma City. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I was trying to get some information on it. Uh, I I saw the price and stuff on it and all that. Is that is that a sale of just the apartment complex? Is there more of a development plan stuff going on there? Just curious. &gt;&gt; No, just the apartment. &gt;&gt; Okay. Can you tell me a little bit I guess about that and I guess the reason for the seller selling or I was just looking at the price point and the cap rates and all that for Oklahoma City. It seemed a little bit a little bit off so I wasn't sure if there was something specific I'm missing there. &gt;&gt; It is and and and it's low. We have a low cap rate on it. This is what I need to do though with you in order to release any information. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Can you text me your email address? I'm going to send you an NBA to sign and then I can send you a whole financial packet on it. &gt;&gt; Sure. Of course. Yeah. And then Yeah, not a problem. I can do that. What is the I guess the main reason for the seller selling? Is he owned it a long time or &gt;&gt; just an investor? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; In the in the in I guess the the financial support the values and stuff. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. Who uh who's financing the like do does he have financing on it currently or is he is it uh free and clear? &gt;&gt; He is No, he's he's he's got a note on it. &gt;&gt; Does have a note. Okay. Yeah. I'm just curious like are there local regional banks there that are financing a deal like this right now? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. Who who do you normally go to or who do your other clients go to? &gt;&gt; Uh I use some local Oklahoma Fidelity. I use First National Bank of Bethany. I use Citizens Bank. &gt;&gt; Okay. Citizens Bank is there. Great. Okay. Yeah. I'm just trying to get an idea, I guess, from the financing side too for a smaller complex like this from, you know, local regional banks are going to be the main main players. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; And then is this is he managing it himself or is this third party management? &gt;&gt; He's got a manager that lives on site. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. And does he just give them a unit or something and then or or reduced rent or &gt;&gt; they're also they also handle all the leasing. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. Interesting. Yeah. Cool little property. Yeah. Let me I don't think he hung up on me. I think it went dead. Oops. I don't know what happened there. Okay. Well, I'll send him a text. Yeah. I mean that they're smoking some good coke, you know, whatever they're smoking. I mean, Oklahoma I I didn't see that for a second, but I mean, come on, guys. That does that's not even Obviously, it just doesn't work. Very interesting why he's trying to sell 12 unit for 2.3. That's is that if I'm not that's almost $200,000 a door. Am I missing something? He does realize you can do like San Diego, California, and find something. I mean, not a good area, but I could find something in San Diego for $200,000 a door. Why in the world would I go into the middle of the United States of America? I mean, I just I don't know. I'd like to meet that owner and see what what they're on. I' I'd want some of that. Yeah. I What mushrooms are you on, buddy? I want some of that stuff. All right. Well, let's go to another one real quick. One more here, cuz everything is going to be at a 6 1/2 cap or greater like this one, even though it's a portfolio, but uh you can see I mean a lot of days on market, but I mean they're playing ball, right? They're at a 6.3 cap at least on what they're saying. And then Oh, it's Allen Larson. It's our same guy. He's not going to answer the phone now. But we'll try if it's the same Allen Larson, but nice property. Whoever did this, I mean, they did a decent job. Oh, wow. There's a shed on site, too. Yeah, they did. It's older. Some Some older, some newer. Interesting. be curious what all this stuff is. Yeah, it looks a little little suspect, but you know, I think Oh, these are the ones he Yeah, he's got all these properties. These are Alan Larson's property. So, this is one of them. I'd want to go back to Does it have the address on here? Where was it the address at? Yeah, it doesn't. Oh, it's just a portfolio, not Okay, got it. Seven locations. Got it. So, that's what the guy had to email on so we can ask him about the symposium. &gt;&gt; Sure. What's the address? It's Oklahoma. &gt;&gt; Oops. Gotcha. 51 Flats. That one. Okay. Yeah, &gt;&gt; this one here. 96 units file build 70 93.8. &gt;&gt; No, they usually won't because I should be able to go to Krexy and pull that up and put in the same address. So, let me try here. But you have his number cuz it's not pulling up. So, and and it's on the market or it's not on the market. Okay. So, it's maybe a pre-market deal. Yeah. Let's try their their number, Ryan. And it's 90. How many units? No price. And it just says uh now now for sale. Okay. And it's in Tulsa, Oklahoma. His name's Ryan. Okay. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Hi, Ryan. &gt;&gt; Yes. Hey, Ryan. My name's Justin. Um, calling on your you your guys listing on your website for the uh the 90 something units. I think it's Is it called 51 Flats or? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Can I give you call back in about an hour? &gt;&gt; Sure thing. Yeah. Can I give you my cell number? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Is it the the 619 &gt;&gt; 823? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Perfect. What's your name? &gt;&gt; Uh, first name Justin. &gt;&gt; Okay. I'll give you a call back in about an hour. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thanks. Jeez, what the heck, man? Looks like he's going to the bathroom or something. Well, he's either running into a meeting, something's going on cuz he's all shuffled. I want to get one other good one here real quick. Hold on. Well, he answered it. He did answer it. He did answer. &gt;&gt; Interesting to see like the level tier like some of the, you know, other people. &gt;&gt; Come on, dude. It's going up. &gt;&gt; We need another Beth Rose. &gt;&gt; Well, hey, we're going to get it. Oh, North Mark. These guys should be good. One of these two guys will answer you flyer blah blah blah. request info. Wow, a lot of days on market updated 39 days ago. 126 units. Okay. Yeah. So, they're holding it tight here. These probably not going to give me too much info until I sign some stuff. But, let me see the map. Let's get a feel. So, you can kind of see this one. I I like I mean, I don't care that it's next to the freeway. That doesn't bother me at all. But either way, good. So, you but all the single family. That's nice. All the stuff back in here. Looks like a school. So, that's good. Yeah, good little pocket. Don't know what that is across the way, but that looks fine. Nothing crazy there. If that's a church, that looks like a church. That looks like a church. I bet that's a church. Come on. There you go. God is good right there. See that? God is good. And there's your apartment complex. Yeah. And I I all cool with this. These power lines are fine. Yeah. Nicely done. This is a nice little complex. Good little location right off the freeway. So, that's fine. It's all fenced in. So, you see that? Just basic, you know, nothing sexy on security, but it's there. You know, it's there. Nice and clean. Woodward Place. Let's see what Ethan and these guys if they'll if they'll talk to me. 9188518223. &gt;&gt; Your call has been forwarded to voicemail. The person you're trying to reach is not available. &gt;&gt; See if we get another one. Come on, Ben. Come on, Ben. Come on. &gt;&gt; Hi, you've reached Ben Davis with North Mark. I can't get to my phone right now, but if you leave me your name and number, I'll get back. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's try one more for the love. Let's do maybe they'll pick up smaller little mom and pop. Horizon Brokerage, Nicole and Spencer. I'm feeling good about this one. Feeling good. One more here. 3992 for Nicole. &gt;&gt; Hi, Nicole Mates with Horizon Commercial Real Estate. I'm not able to take your call right now, but leave a message and I'll call you back as soon as I can. Have a great day. &gt;&gt; All right, we'll try Spencer and then we may be Oh, she just said she'll call me back in a few minutes. We'll we'll see. Let me talk to Spencer first. 7481. &gt;&gt; Hey, sorry I missed your call. or not. Well, let's see. Maybe she'll call me back in a minute. So, we'll wait for that. Um, okay. &gt;&gt; But I don't know what &gt;&gt; uh Sure. Do Do we have uh Are they in Oklahoma City or Okay. Do we know if they have anything listed at all or No, &gt;&gt; cuz I usually always try and Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; He's on pocket. &gt;&gt; Oh, gotcha. Yeah. What's their number? Let's just see if we can &gt;&gt; 405. &gt;&gt; We'll just He's in Oklahoma City. Okay. Let's see if he'll Let's act like I'm a curious investor. &gt;&gt; This is Zach. &gt;&gt; Hey, Zach. Uh my name's Justin. Um I actually was referred to you through um a buddy of mine on Bigger Pockets. &gt;&gt; Um curious uh I'm looking I've been to Oklahoma City a few times. We do stuff in Texas and some other markets, but I'm looking to invest in Oklahoma City market. Um but wanted to reach out to I guess a knowledgeable broker and you know we're in the we're in the multif family space, but that the smaller space I'd say. So anything kind of in the 10 to 30 unit range. Um, just thought I'd reach out to you and introduce myself and see if you have anything you're working on or know of anybody that's working on something in that space that we could start to take a look at. &gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, stick in the 10 to 10 to 30 unit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. For the first kind of one in that Yeah. 10 to 30. I mean, maybe up to a 50 depending on the price point. You know, we're trying to stay, you know, under, you know, 25 to 3 million on on a on a price so that way the capital and the capital raise and stuff is is reasonable. Um, so that's kind of it's it's really more of a price thing than a unit thing, but um that's kind of what we're looking for. And uh so you're in that market now? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're in the uh uh Oklahoma City market for sure. &gt;&gt; Okay. Do you do you work in the multif family space or more single family or both? &gt;&gt; Right. Right now I I've transitioned personally more to our managing broker and I've got a couple of my guys that do I do a lot of the uh commercial and multif family. Okay. &gt;&gt; So what I would probably do is get you in touch with one of those guys. um a couple work pretty closely together to to uh um you know put some of those things together. I know we got some more commercial coming up, but I don't I don't know if we have any we've helped a couple few guys buy some properties like that. Um I don't know if we have any we're going to be putting on the market in the next little bit, but I know a couple of those guys have been going down that that same exact search. So, they probably have some stuff that's not active out there yet in their back pocket, &gt;&gt; right? Yeah. I think it's just making the connections and at least knowing you have you have a buyer that's looking for stuff so if you come across it, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Well, let's see here. Justin, the phone number I've got for you is 619823. &gt;&gt; That's correct. &gt;&gt; Okay. What's your email address? &gt;&gt; It's Justin J I N and then Brennan Polley. I'll spell that for you. It's B as in boy. R E N A N &gt;&gt; and then Poli. P O H L E.com. &gt;&gt; P &gt;&gt; Yeah, ple.com. And uh yeah, so 10 to 30 unit type stuff, but it's really about price point. So, you know, staying, you know, if it was um you know, $2.5 million property, trying to keep the the capital raised cuz we syndicate our money like we'll bring in 10%ish and then we'll raise 90% through our partners and stuff that we have teed up and you know, typically finance through a local regional bank there because they'll focus in that space. So, if there's any referrals you can make to me on the on the local kind of regional banks would be helpful. Um &gt;&gt; a couple of those we recommend for sure. &gt;&gt; Yep. And then are there property managers that you that other clients use or have used in that market that you know you wouldn't want to kill after the first week? &gt;&gt; I'm going to be a little biased. We got tired of referring people out and want to &gt;&gt; I know. Well, most brokers do cuz they burn you. So, I don't I don't blame you. But yeah, if there's a list and then we could vet ourselves, but if there's a list and then we'll do our own vetting. Well, &gt;&gt; that's that's uh uh kind of where I was going with that was uh we we started our own. &gt;&gt; Well, that works, too. &gt;&gt; Okay. seem to be very short and it's also very biased. &gt;&gt; Okay, that's that's fair. So, we'll just vet you. That's good. &gt;&gt; There we go. There we go. Yeah, we do that a lot. We do that as well. So, tell you what I'll do, Justin. Uh, let me get you in contact with either Sam or Matthew. I'll get your I'll get these notes put in our system and have one of them reach out to you here shortly to kind of learn a little more, you know, class of property you want, your timeline, things like that, and uh see if see if those guys have anything coming up for you. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And then we'll probably be coming into that market in terms of actually physically coming out there sometime in early January. So when we do, we can set up a meeting and at least meet you guys and get get bellyto belly. &gt;&gt; Love that. Love that. So well, I'll have one reach out to you, get the get get the kind of the process started. In the meantime, um we'd love to, you know, get together face to face next month. &gt;&gt; Appreciate it. Thanks so much for your time picking up. &gt;&gt; You as well. &gt;&gt; You too. So basic simple call to start, but you see how I was kind of leading in cuz I knew I wasn't pitching on a certain listing. So, I was just introductory call saying who we are. Give a little bit of information on what we call our buy box, right? 10 to 30 unit deals. But in Oklahoma, because the price points are probably $50,000 to $80,000 for a unit, I can buy more, right? My dollar is going to go farther. So, I could go after a $2.5 million property, which is probably going to get me 50 units. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a rare one that that that I don't I don't know. Well, I'd have to look at the financials on that, but no, most of the stuff in Oklahoma City, if we're really going through it, you're going to be somewhere between 50 to 100,000 a unit on average. Yeah. So, um, yeah, your money will go farther. So, even if you're buying some at 80,000 a unit, you know, you can get up to, you know, $2.5 million and take down a 30 unit, 40 unit pretty easily and stay within that range of capital to where you're still raising under a million dollars on the raise, but then you're getting more, you know, more um more units in the economies of scale. The key in Oklahoma City in kind of my knowledge there is because yeah, sure the the incomes are lower and all that stuff's lower, but it is growing. But yeah, your pockets and neighborhoods and where you're at, you want to be just very tactful with and from my understanding in kind of driving there and being around there a bunch of times. You want to stay as urban corridored as you can to where all the jobs and the centers and the population growth is at because the more tertiary you get, meaning further out and in and rural, yeah, your cap rates may look great on paper, but there's really two main areas, Oklahoma City and Tulsa, and you need to be near those cores because when there's a recession, everybody's going to flock to the urban core. And Oklahoma City has a lot of banking, churches. I mean, you drive there and you're in the urban core in the good pockets. You'll see a church, a bank, and a weed shop on a lot of corners. A lot of corners. But the churches and the banks are the good one. Those are the good ones. But yeah, you'll see a lot of that. And uh it's it's it's growing, man. I know they were trying to build I don't know if it's still the case. I have to look it up. There was a gentleman out of uh California that was planning to build the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere in Oklahoma City. Taller than the the one center in New York City. I don't know why, but if you go there, they actually they have gorgeous glass buildings. I mean, it's unbelievable the amount. I mean, the skyscrapers in downtown Oklahoma City are unbelievable. I I would have never thought it, but it's a major banking institution in the United States, which is why there's a bank like on every other corner next to a church and skyscrapers that are just glass and they're beautiful. Like, they're striking, you know? So, I was very impressed with the core area of Oklahoma City, staying within the core and then maybe a few miles outside of it of the main sectors and staying not too you don't want to go too rural or tertiary cuz it's very easy right when you get outside of the core it's farmland like it's just flat and it goes. So, you want to stay out of that and stay core. Uh even if you can pick up stuff in the urban areas around the cuz they have you know three major universities. You got the Hooers that's 25 minutes south of downtown Oklahoma City. Okay. or Oklahoma and then um you have OKC, Oklahoma City or Oklahoma State, sorry, that's right in the core of of Oklahoma City. So, you have those two major institutions and you have a lot of law centers when you drive in downtown Oklahoma City. A lot of law law schools, all that stuff. So, I mean, I was impressed when I drove around. I was like, this is this is not what I expected of Oklahoma City. And it's clean. The airport's clean. You drive, it's clean, everything's clean. I just I didn't expect that. And of course there's bad areas, but there's really some good areas, too. So, and stuff's relatively cheap. You know, you just want to be in the pockets that, you know, the demand's good, everything's good, people are there, there's jobs. Like, cuz the minute you get outside of that, it can get rough pretty quick. You know, I love Kansas City. We're in there now. Um, I love Kansas City. It's growing. It's getting pricey as you you know it's getting pricey.