I have an incredible guest today, Brian Dailyaly. We've known each other for Are any guests not incredible? Everybody's incredible, but some are more incredible. Brian and I, we met back in 20089. There was a third party asset management company here in San Diego during the financial crisis that was managing assets for a lot of the major banks as a third party. Are there certain things that you have found recently in San Diego to be more expensive than others? It's all expensive. It's all expensive. Dude, when we started, it was $30 a foot when we started. So, so technically, we're three times the amount. Yeah. And there's a lot of people in real estate that are like, "Well, I gotta make money and I got to find ways to make money, so let's try this flipping thing." People don't realize that you can lose your ass. It's just going to get harder as the market's not giving you giving you free money. [Music] All right, everybody. Welcome in to the Abundance Give. I have an incredible guest today, Brian Dailyaly. We've known each other for Are any guests not incredible? Everybody's incredible. Some are more incredible. So, I'd put you on the more incredible. But how I mean, we've known each other going back to the financial crisis days. I know. 200, you know, pretty much 2008 910 when we were started off at Atlas REO. I know, right? Yeah. It's been a while. It's crazy to see how um the asset managers that came out of that company went off started doing their own thing some and then you know you're doing great things here in San Diego and you know how everybody's just kind of took that opportunity which was a two-year maybe two three year run. Yeah. And has realized crap I don't just want to be an asset manager working in a cubicle. Yeah. I'd rather go own the real estate, transact it, be an investor, and grow wealth for me and investors and everybody else. Yeah, dude. The I tell I I I tell people often, I credit that experience uh a ton of uh the reason that I'm able to do what we do now because being able to process and manage 300 properties at a time, like who has the who has the opportunity to try to do that? Three, you know, you know, you're selling 50 75 homes a month. uh you know you see a lot you get you get comfortable with the uncomfortable and and you know getting into investing or getting into anything and just being able to to manage that amount of information as quickly as we did again I just think it primed our minds different. Yeah. So, for anybody that doesn't know, so uh Brian and I, we met, uh back in 20089. There was a third party asset management company here in San Diego during the financial crisis that was managing assets for ma a lot of the major banks as a third party, EMC, Chase, BFA, Fanny May, Freddy Mack, countrywide countrywide, you know, I mean any and all these banks, the crazy time of the financial crisis. So thousands of assets meaning single family whatever it is coming into the company every month and so it grew exponentially I mean Atlas did um and I became an asset manager there I was doing 300 plus homes uh managing at any given time and we were using Equator so if anybody hears this they're like EER equator small small group of people will know what that is double double screens managing I mean imagine you get realtors and people managing one or two assets at a time and they they lose their mind. Yeah. And I'm sitting there going, "Yeah, but we were doing like 300 at a time." And the systems allowed you to do that. Yeah. And then and then doing that just again it just like it just like primes your mind like just different like Yeah. You see, you know, a real estate agent have who has one or two transactions at a time, every little thing is is is hugely impactful to them emotionally. When you got 300 at a time, it's like punch me in the face, believe it. You're right. the emotion goes out and and I laugh because um when people show me these videos and photos of like hoarder houses or really bad houses with you know rough stuff inside I kind of laugh cuz I'm like dude this is bad but you can't imagine the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I saw in 20089 I know you I mean we got all these photos that would come in because the process would happen the bank forecloses on the house it gets transferred to us as the third party first thing we're doing is checking if it's vacant or occupied and presuming it's vacant. Well, now the realtor goes inside. So, we choose the realtor for the area and they go inside, take all the photos, send it to all of us, they upload it into the system, and you open some of these things up. You're like, "Wow." Yeah. I mean, wow. Backcount by you Louisiana homes. Like there I How many? So many of these homes just ended up being demoed. Like you just had to you had to trash the whole house and just sell the land. and seeing the different real estate throughout the country. Yeah. Um I mean I was I think stuff I was managing mostly was upper uh west like the upper west and then east coast. I was doing east coast stuff a little bit in San Diego but not much. Other people had those. Um but yeah I was seeing stuff for 25 grand. Yeah. I'm like holy crap. It's an interesting way to see the country quickly. Yeah. So yeah. So what what so what about that time? So now you are running we revive here in San Diego. Yep. Y major uh renovation company for flips and ADUs and development and all kinds of different things. How would you say that taking that skill set from asset management moving to where how you got started? Tell me about your first flip. Okay. Well, so we uh I say we when when we started at the time it was like 2010. Uh I was actually partnered with another asset manager uh from from our previous company. Um we didn't we didn't actually flip it. We we wholesaliled it. Um so wholesale is when you when you put the property under contract and then uh you take that contract and and basically assign it. Yeah. You sell the rights to that contract, the equitable interest in the property if we want to get, you know, all technical on it. Um so so we did that uh shoot uh you know because we had we had no money at I mean we had no not a substantial enough money to do anything on our on our own in real estate. So um we we started with 2500 bucks and and put that as an EMD. Yep. Uh wholesaliled the first one for 12 grand. We did that like four more times in in a in a like a six-month period and then Yeah. You were to rack up a little bit of capital. Yep. Yep. Uh then that get that got enough for for for us to go full-time and then we started uh we we kept obviously trying to buy properties. The first one we flipped uh we actually uh thankfully so we were a little bit overwhelmed with the the whole renovation process. we understood real estate like the back of our hand, but but then getting into the the point of like, okay, we got to we got to hire contractors and we got to tell them what to do and then manage those contractors and then and all the materials and um so we we decided that we needed to find somebody that really knew what they were doing. Uh we were going to bring the property. So we brought the property to them. We brought half of the money it was going to take after, you know, the first hard money loan. Yep. and and they had done hundreds of flips and we're like, "Listen, we're we're not going to be shy about this. We are we are learning how you do what you do so that we can do this on our own, but we have a property. It it looks really good on paper and we're going to come up with half the money. You come in with half the money and you manage it and we watch." Yeah. Well, they don't have to find the deal. You're finding the deal. You're bringing it to the table, bringing in some capital, too. Yep. Which is helpful for them. and their their prowess is probably the management and operations execution side. Yep. Yeah. So that's how we did it. So that is a perfect example of a value ad partnership, right? Yin and yang where you know they're bringing the ability they're bringing some capital too but the ability to execute. I call it the sweat. And then you guys are huge portion of it because finding the deal is I'd say at least half the battle. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I and I So what? Walk me through that one if you can remember it. What did you buy it for? What was the Renault? Gosh, dude. I mean, come on. Everybody remembers their first flip, Brian. No, they don't. Everybody remembers their first I remember my first when I was doing home sales. I remember my first home sale. Yellow house, Escandido, 295,000. Piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Now, oh my god. I helped my clients buy it cuz it's your first sale ever. I remember my first commission check was like $1,250 after my crappy splits. This is what gets me in trouble with my wife because I don't remember [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. But the the reason why I remember it because I I just remember how happy I was. It's like I got a commission check. Yeah. And by the time I got all my splits and everything out of it, it was like horrible, right? But that wasn't the point. Um I was working at Atlas at that time when I got that first commission check. Um because I was hustling in the evenings after Atlas to go do home sales, basically short sales because I saw the market moving. And I remember even talking to um the owners of the company. I forget their names now. Dave and Greg. Dave and Greg. Yeah. I remember chatting with them. I remember that. I remember that. Yeah. What the hell? But I I remember chatting with them about I said, "Do you guys see the needle moving here?" Like it's moving from AROS to short sales. I was like, "What are you guys going to do about that?" And they didn't really have a good answer, but I knew it was going. I could see it. The volume was changing, right? Where short sale meaning it's still distressed. Homeowner controls it though. So the bank doesn't own it yet and they can agree to sell it for less than the loan against it. Y So that allowed a realtor that knows what they're doing to go in, sit with the homeowner, walk them through the situation, how they can do it. And most homeowners either wanted to just try and keep keep the home if they could or stay in it longer before it goes back and ideally get relieved of all the debt. That was kind of the big issues that most homeowners came up with. And we did an enormous amount of short sales when I finally jumped out because I was the perfect candidate. I mean, think about it. I just I was just coming from inside the banks. How they kind of look at things and they're completely irrational, but they are. And now I can go sit down with a homeowner, look at their four or five loans they have on their house at that time, which a lot of people did, and the first, second, third, fourth, I mean, all kinds of stuff, and maneuver through that. Yeah. To hopefully get them to what they ultimately wanted, which that was get time. If they can't save it, then get relieved of the debt and move on and fight for another day. Yep. It was wild. I wonder how many of those people actually realize later that there's a tax consequence to their the loss. Um, did they ever follow through with that? Well, no, they didn't because they No, they and I think from forgetting the bills, it was like SP bill 472 and 468 or whatever the heck it was. Uh, but that got hammered against because you're right, it is considered phantom income. Yeah. when you get relieved of this I would have been terrible but there but there was a huge offset to that so people didn't end up getting hammered with it not not when they do it the right way so so those are those so your first your question is I don't I don't know man it's like it was like 350,000 it was an Escanido uh I mean at the time the repairs were like uh I don't know like 60,000 it wasn't it wasn't like a little three-bedroom two probably would cost 120 now it's double uh yeah three bed two bed would you say that you're like Today you're at um $100 a foot on your Rena for for when I say let's include full interior. You're not having to do the roof, replacing some windows and exterior kind of freshen up paint, stuff like that. Uh for that we're probably like we are our our hard cost uh we have a very in-depth system now uh to keep our cost lower, but that's probably like 85 a foot. uh roof and mechanical, you know, if you throw those in that then we're at at 100. Most of the projects we're doing nowadays are are bigger jobs. We fit we fit in some small. So, you're doing some value ad where you're adding square footage and don't do a lot of that. Uh just because it's the permits process is just pain in the ass. Um but we do we do uh we do a lot of major rentals where we're moving walls and interior walls. Interior walls. Yeah. Still structural or does it matter? Sometimes. Yeah. I mean, she'll put the beams in and all that. Yeah, we'll get an engineer involved and and get it signed off on just in case we do have a problem. Is that pretty much over the counter for that stuff? Like if you're putting in a beam across the ceiling. No. Again, um I mean we try not to get permits, but um we're we'll do cut that out. Yeah, we'll do we'll do uh we'll do over the counter permits when we're when it's more of a cosmetic. Uh but if if we get involved in in beams, they like, you know, they want to see the whole structural planning behind it, which is fine if we're doing But do you get permits for that or no? No. If we if we can avoid it, no. Yeah. Yeah. But the way we mitigate the risk is if if it's anything a lot, you take pictures of everything, you document it through plans. A lot of structural stuff once you've done it a lot is really relatively simple. Yeah. But when it gets complex and we we're we feel like it's it's you know you're you're under a 12 foot beam and it it's all basically the same, we just try to overengineer it. But when you get you get complex and we get an engineer involved, spec it out for us, give us a drawings, we're going to build to that and then if if for any reason we do have to permit or when we disclose it to the buyer, we're like, "Hey, no permits, but here's here's the structural." Yeah. And you take photos of everything, you document it, you have licensed engineers do it, etc., etc. I would love to get permits. It's just the cities make it way too hard. I know. It's a pain in the ass. I mean, they'll sit there for 3 months and you're like, I need to turn this house. Yeah. They just make they make it untenable because in the flipping the speed is everything. Yep. Um would you say you're flipping houses in 4 to 6 months on average? Average? Yeah. If I mean our I think our average last year was like one is a little higher. It was like 140 140 days. Okay. Um we're typically around 120 average, but we got a couple. Is that end to end from acquisition date to close of escrow on the other side? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, that's pretty good. I you know that's that's probably going to change here. I mean when we started in 2011 I mean it was like you know six to eight months because your your sale time you know you just you went on the market and if you sold before 90 days you'd you'd like be praying God this is fast you know. Right. Right. nowadays if you or at least the last couple years you put on house in the market if it didn't sell within the first two weeks you're like what's wrong right we need to adjust something right so I I I think we're you know we're still in a kind of market where you know you you hope things are are under contract within the first two weeks of listing it but um I think that's going to change you do why I think I you think we're hitting a plateau because of rates and costs sure for real yeah plateau is a good way to put it. Um, there's just more supply than than there is demand every week, you know, more supply than than demand. And you, so you are seeing that. Oh, yeah. Cuz I love your real report that you put out, by the way. He has a great newsletter. Is it once a week or once a month? Once. Once a week. Uh, do you hand write that or you have somebody write it? Oh, I write it. You do? Yeah. You sure? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Everybody asks that. I Well, no, which is great because it feels like like intimate like it's custom like where you actually do write it and spend your time. Yeah. I know. I I I I write it for myself, right? And then I I publish it. I mean, I when I'm writing it, I'm I'm pretending I'm writing to somebody, right? I got to make it personable. But but the information I'm after, the the the decisions that I'm uh I'm trying to make based on analyzing the data is for our company. Gotcha. Um I'm trying to figure out like, hey, like where are things trending? Where are we going? So, um, so yes, I write it. I write it every week and I look at it every week. And right now, compared to every January that I've have data for, um, there's the gap between the amount of supply coming on the market and the amount of demand uh, spreading is spreading. Yeah, it's wider. Okay. So, so how many months of supply do we have currently for San Diego? Depends on whose data data you're looking at. the the the current data that I have which trends it uh like what is our monthly pace of sales right uh compared to our active inventory we're above three okay but that's also not really fair because the current trend of monthly sales is based on all the properties that went under contract in in December right so I I think you're we're still roughly two two and a half uh months when they say a average or balanced market is six months. But it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's what matters is the trend line. Like is the trend line going up or is the trend line going down? Like that that tells you who has the power in the market. A balance a balanced like that six-month uh inventory was is based on the previous like that's also based on old data versus looking forward. Escrows used to take 60 days to close. now with technology and and system improvements. I mean, a lot of lenders are like, "Yeah, I can close this in 12." Like regular conventional lenders. Okay. Um that makes a huge difference on inventory. Typical inventory levels. Sure. Um anyway, so I I don't I don't prescribe to the six months if you can't tell. Uh I I think it's I think I think that's old that's old old news if you'd call it. Yeah. Yeah. And and it's uh Yeah. Anyway, so I I I think it's going to be different here in San Diego where is like the real tipping point. Um it really just depends like as it relates to values. It it depends on of of the of the inventory you have, how many of those are are distressed like how and by distressed I I I mean like very very motivated to sell. Gotcha. Right. And a flipper is very very motivated to sell. Yep. And it's why we've seen wide ups and downs in our market because we got a large amount of speculator activity compared to the rest of it. Y um and when when [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hits the fan, I mean, the only way to you got to sell. Yeah. So, you got to move it. Um um how many uh what would you consider someone to be full-blown flipper business? Are they doing one a month, two a month? Uh, I've never thought about it. Um, you're doing one a month. I mean, that's a pretty pretty good clip. Yeah. I mean, yeah, that's a especially in this lower inventory market, right? In in these price points. So, the question is when when are they full-time flipper? Yeah. Like, what would you consider a competitor? Yeah. I mean, one a month because could you because you guys are I mean, out of the top maybe 10 flipping companies, renovation companies in San Diego, you're definitely I think in that, I'm guessing. Well, yeah. As far as the data that we track, we were we were either number two or number three depending upon is it GG homes is like always GG. I buy everything. I buy SD in California and Yeah, GG Homes. Uh for sure. Um but we're looking at data of like who's actually closing on the property. Um G, you know, GG Homes doesn't always Yeah, they're wholesaling. Yeah. Um, so, uh, it was Open Door Flip Side, which is I I just learned is no longer in in business or at least highly scaled down. And then, uh, and then, uh, GG Homes and and us. So, we're we're somewhere between number two or number three on that list. We're our V we're we're going down in our volume, though. You know, we're like we're being very careful on what we're buying. We still see a lot of opportunities for sure, but like I'm two years ago we were like, you know, we can make money on anything, right? Um interesting. Now it's like uh if if it's got no if it's got a busy road. Yep. If it's got no like no or minimal yard space, we're not buying unless we're highly discounting that that property like Yeah. So that's what in in layman's terms for real estate that's called economic obsolescence. You know that that's what that's called. Yeah. functional obsolescence. I I So no, so just so people if you want to get technical, there's economic obsolescence and functional obsolescence. This is like I remember I don't know why I remember this from my real estate like program that you know you get your license. Uh so functional obsolescence is like you buy a three-bedroom, one bath house, right? It's functionally obsolescent like you need to add another bathroom to it or it has a really funky floor plan. Something functionally interior to the home. Okay. Okay. Economic obsolescence is exterior to the property under the flight path. busy road next to freeway. I don't know. It's in next to a, you know, chemical yard. I you know, weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's completely out of your control. Okay. Completely out of your control. External to the home. It's called economic obsolescence. It's new to me. Yeah. I've heard that term before. You just got educated. Yeah. So, yeah, that is that. So, that is exactly what you're talking about. And I would agree with that because it what it does immediately is it reduces your buyer pool by at least 30%. Right? So 30% of people if they look at an aerial and they see that it's next to a busy road or a freeway or some weird thing, they won't even look at the house. So your buyer pool drops by 30%. Day one. So now you have a smaller buyer pool, which means you have to probably have a lower price, right? Because less people are going to look at it, which means your demand's lower. So same thing like a three-bedroom, one bath house. Y and how many people are really going to do that? You can add that that second bath. You got to add the second bath. So that way we can make it functional. Yep. So it's not obsolescent. Um so when you're going into Renault, um are there certain things that um you have found recently in San Diego to be more expensive than others to do rens or is it all It's all expensive. It's all expensive. When we start it was $30 a foot when we started. So So technically we're three times the amount. Yeah. Okay. Um $30 to $35 a foot was our was our initial. And now you're 85 to1 120. Yeah. Give or take. Um I I'm uh yeah, you know, everything's expensive. Um but it's all relative. It's all it's all it's all it's all an investment. It's like, you know, you know what what's going to do what's going to bring the the ROI. We're not only doing this, but we're focusing more on higher like higherend properties where there's a lot of cash buyers still like cash homeowner buyers. Price point you're acquiring north of a million selling for under three type thing. Um well yeah so the the few that we've been looking at um and we continue to look at it's like you know somewhere between two to three buy price and and you know Okay. So, some upper ends one, but aren't you having to stick in those properties for sometimes a year to turn it? Just depends. I mean, um, depending on how much rental you're doing. Yeah. And those those ones I mean, I am more willing to like add square footage, go through the permit process and because the the the buffer for profits much heavier. Yeah. We have a Well, and you it's a higher price per square foot on on the on the sale side. So, if you got to spend 500 a foot to to make a thousand a foot, you know, now now there's some room there. Sure. Um, so anyway, as far as what's more expensive and what it in in my terms, it's all like, hey, what's going to get the ROI? What is a buyer looking for? Like, sure, sometimes that means, you know, I mean, very rarely, but we'll do it. I mean, if it's carpet and paint, um, we'll just carpet and paint. Uh, and most of the hard money because you guys are still using hard money. Are you guys Yeah. Yeah. So that's that's bringing in 90% of acquisition I'm guess of the purchase price and then you and then 100% of the reno. Yep. And then you guys Funny that that's that's the normal term now. Like that used to be like we we we've been getting it for years but we look at everything from an annualized point of view because the way I look at it is like turn the money. Yeah. If if I if I hold this property for 12 months, I've got I've got to manage it for 12 months. I've got to I've got a cost of hard money obviously for 10 12 months. I've got I've got manpower. I mean we we have a 20 plus person team you know um so I don't um I I changed everything to an annualized rate of return about four years ago three four years ago. So well yeah because if you can take say money in and turn that in 120 days hypothetically then you can turn it twice a year ish. Yeah. Or or a little bit more three times a year if you if you're if you're real good. Right. Um, so then if you're making 10% margins net of all cost, um, that's 30% a year. Yeah. That's our that's our market. Our mark is 30%. Like if I'm if I'm going to buy if if it's cash on cash, right? I'm I'm putting a million dollars into this. Yep. Um, I I want a cash on cash return of 30% annualized. Okay. Um, if we can do that, then uh it it passes the sniff test. Now, you know, there's small exceptions where we'll go down like 28 and then sometimes I I demand 35 because there's more more risk more risk. But um but yeah, that's I I I went away from from net margin. I went away from gross margin because that it just ignores the time factor and the time factor is the biggest part. Huge. Huge. I mean any like on your money, I mean, if you're sitting there clipping at 10 to 11%, which is kind of what the rates are right now, right, for hard money, would you say? 10 to 11. I think for most people, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you're probably getting a little bit better returns, I'm guessing. Okay. Um and then like two points usually going in. I think that's one to one to two points uh typically for for people. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, and you're sitting there having to Yeah. Everything every single day matters because you got your daily carry cost. Yeah. Which you look at from Well, and again you every day like that that property is in in the pipeline. I got to think about it. My COO's got to think about it. My asset managers got to think about it. My project managers got to think about it. Like we all got to think about this thing. Yep. The the the least the the less time I got to think about it, the better, you know. No, I think we were chatting as you were coming in cuz we do more multifamily and and and stuff like that. But, you know, we've trying to think when did we stop doing flips. I want to say it was like 2014 because I was doing a lot with my brother and he was doing some down here mostly in Riverside, Inland Empire areas. Got him. Um, but I want to say we flipped probably just under 100 homes total during our four or five year sprint at it. Um, but the thing I I appreciate about it, which is why we're actually looking to do a few more here to get, you know, back into it, call it, but I love the transaction. I I love and I hate the transactional side, right? I love it because it's it's you're turning money faster and you can pump up some capital. But then the key to that working to actually benefit from that is you have to move that money that's short-term, you know, on ordinary income type tax money under 12 months which you're going to get hammered on from a tax perspective. You have to move those profits into longerterm assets for you to really get the tax benefits. Yeah. Because otherwise you're going to get clobbered if you're just sitting there turning properties, which is great. You make good money flipping houses, but if you're not moving that money to preserve those profits into long-term type assets where you can depreciate, you know, remove that taxable gain that you're going to have, all that stuff out of the equation to actually keep the money you're making, you're going to get hammered. Yep. You know, so that's kind of the the play, which is why we ended up moving into multif family because I'm sitting there going, "Oh my god, like we're going to get like a 45% tax kick if we Yeah. you get you get hammered. The the way I the way I look at it and this is definitely an anomaly compared to most investors in in real estate. But I look at as our flips as a as a business like that's we have a brand, we have a team like it is a it is a it's a business entity just like your partner here has, right? Um it it it's a business entity that requires capital. Um the capital comes from investors. Gotcha. Right. So, um, we raise money on our on our properties. One of our products of our of our business is the return we're able to provide to our investors. But then at the end of the day, right, the the the business makes a profit. Um, now that's now I take that money as that's my active income. And as an investor, what are you gonna do with it? What's left to me? I'll go invest, right? Um, and and that way I can run the business like a business. Yep. And um and and I think it helps differentiate us because if you're if you're just looking if you're doing it as a if if you're doing as at volume at least and and you're just looking at it as a a flipper or an investor then ultimately you're it's it's impossible to get out of the mindset of this is my money. I'm I'm I matter. I'm the client and and I got to go like I gotta go make money, right? Um when you when you look at it as a business, you're I'm able to at least mentally say I'm not I'm not I'm my business is here to serve my clients. Yeah. You're not the only shareholder. Yeah. Yeah. Which is the right way. I mean because we raise money through the multif family and I look at it in the same method of hey we're raising capital to go place into these investments. It's not just our own. So we have an obligation to serve those clients and call customers and give them the best return on their money along with us and everybody else. Y and run it just as such. So uh yeah, anytime we've done the flipping, it's the same mindset, right? Because we'll even raise money into a small little fund like you said and then deploy that capital and to go buy, you know, the properties and then they get a return typically, you know, 15, 18, 20% a year, you know, or more on their money. So they're happy. Yeah. And and they're getting that return. Like you said, if you're turning it few times a year. Yeah. Um then they're seeing some pretty good clips. Yeah. I mean I I active income is great. That's how you build like that's how you build your war chest in order to achieve the financial income, financial freedom. So I I love flipping one because I I two I the I've done multif family, I've done development. Um it's slow slower. Yeah. You're you're having to deploy that capital for longer. Yeah. Now, there are people ask me like, you know, why multifamily over single family? And I say, well, okay, first of all, do both. So, it's not one or the other. Um, the reason you do the multif family is you get paid five to eight different ways when you buy a multif family building. Like, if you're going to syndicate and raise money and go buy deals and all that stuff, you're getting paid five to eight different times during the course of that ownership. Mhm. A few of them happen in the beginning through, I say, acquisition fees and finders fees. If you put that, depending on how you're structuring your deals, and then you get the cash flows, you know, paid monthly and quarterly while you own it. Then, let's say you do a refinance a couple years in. There's a cash out refinance event that happens. And then, let's say you're going to go sell it down the road. Now, you're getting profits from it plus you get maybe a disposition fee as the syndicator. Mhm. So by the time you're all and then while you're rening it, you're getting a construction management fee. Mhm. So there's just multiple ways to get paid while you're doing a multif family deal. Um which is why it's so great and then you get all the tax benefits on top of that which is are sick. Um but the active income like I people say, well I only have 50 grand or 100 grand to invest, you know, should I go buy a multif family? And I said, 'Well, you should not go buy a single family rental that's only going to pump out $300 a month in free cash flow against your $100,000 in. That's not going to be a good cash on cash type ROI. But if you went and took the 100 grand or 50 grand and syndicated the deal, well, yeah, because now you're going to get paid five to eight different ways, you can see your ROI is like 3,000%. Yeah. Um, and if you don't have that ability, then flipping some houses, right? Because flipping is great. You have active income. You're turning that money every four or five months and you build up, like you said, a little war chest. And then you take that active income, which you're going to get hammered on in terms of taxes, and like you said, put it into other longerterm assets and depreciate them so that way you get tax benefits. Yep. But that's the game. Waiting for that. I I hope Trump comes back with that bonus. Oh, it's all right. Well, it it's still there. It was just it they took it from 100%. Yeah. 60 to or 100 to 60. It's hard in San Diego to make 60% make it sense. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But it's it's coming back. Yeah. 100%. Because he realizes the value of that and how that helps people move money. Yeah. I loved it. Yeah. He'll bring that back. Yeah. It's huge. It's huge. I mean, if you want to kick up the investor game and get people to come in and get these big tax benefits and attract money, I mean, I can't tell you the number of doctors, attorneys, people that have highpaying jobs and incomes that are getting clobbered, especially in a state like California. And they're like, I just paid Uncle Sam a lot of money. And I'm like, oh yeah, you did. I said, "How would it be cool to put that into a multif family and rather than it going to Uncle Sam, it goes into an asset you can go touch and then we'll just depreciate you and give you a K1 statement." Mhm. And they're like, "Holy shit." Like they freak out when they see that. So, um, let's talk about family. All right, let's do it. Tell me about your family. How many kids you got now? Three kids. Three kids. I thought you had more. No, you didn't want like a basketball team. No, that was that. That's not me. I did. Are you guys done? Yeah. I wanted four, but then we had three and it it was it was right. It felt Oh, yeah. Cuz you went from man defense to zone. Yeah. As they say. Yeah. And and our third is our our our wildest, of course. That's how it works. Yeah. So So yeah, 14 14-year-old boy and then uh a 12year-old and a seven-year-old girl. Okay. So you are getting into the teenagers and entering high school. We're talking about middle school. We're talking about cars. I got my my son's starting high school next year. That's fun, dude. It's uh it's different different conversations. Uh okay. So, my son is nine or I'm sorry, 10 going to be 11. Okay. Okay. When I mean the girl talk is kind of starting a little bit. He's got a little he's got a crush. Okay. Oh, good for him. When When does it really step in? When should I be worried as a dad to have I don't know. Everybody's different. My My son could care less right now. I mean, do you think that's the case or is is it really the case? Uh, we're we we talk all the time. We we have a he's I mean, of course, I could be one of those naive parents, but I mean, we have a pretty open dialogue about everything and he's uh so I don't think he's hiding anything from us. Okay. Um yeah, he just does he he's into he's into DND, you know. Um he he I got I got a I got myself a nerd and it's great. I I highly recommend you turn your kids into to to into nerds. That's an Instagram clip right there. Turn your kids into nerds. Oh, it's great. I told Brody, I said, "Hey, um buddy, uh there's two things that I think if you want to because he loves money, right?" I'm like, "That's cool. You love money." Um AI automation. I said, "Son, if there's two things you can learn, it would be AI automation because it's if you think we are literally if you think of an iceberg, we're at the tip of it." Yep. And it's exponentially growing so fast that within the next call by the end of Trump's term, it'll be another ball game. And then after the next person, I mean, it'll mean you'll literally have robots in your house. I mean, it's getting crazy. Um, but the AI automation for businesses and people and things so they can actually utilize the tools that are out there. I said is critical. I said, if you want to go make some good money right now, be very, very well verssed in AI automation. That'd be number one. Number two is I said um uh I don't want to say like go be like a YouTuber because that's not what I'm looking at, but I said if you can teach people a skill, right? Everybody's want I mean the education space is massive. So he kind of was like trying to figure out, okay, can I teach people about bikes? Can I teach people about this? Can I teach people about that? I said, yeah, man. I said, you go and you you want to do videos and stuff about you. I mean, I sold a $5 million house to a YouTuber. It's unbelievable. I know they make good money. I mean I mean not all of them but yeah you all it's just it's like there's so many ways to make money. It's like anything else, man. It's you just got to go all in and be be great at it like and be willing to suck at it for a while and yeah realize that yeah I mean you know YouTube AI autom now I I'm a big believer in trying to find that trend and then writing it and I honestly think that a lot of the influencer space is is uh is saturated at least in the way it's done right now but that AI automation to like if you can get in in the beginning of this wave. Like I people underestimate and underappreciate how much timing has to do with success. Um if if I didn't get start like if if I'm trying to get started in flipping real estate right now in this market, it is 15 20 100 times harder than when I got started in 2010. Yeah. If I had to start right now, I would have lost people's money and been bankrupt. Why do you say that? Because I had if you have to if you're in if you're starting Yeah. and you have no knowledge or very little knowledge or even if you have knowledge, you're going to make a mistake. Um when you are riding a wave up, mistakes are covered. Gotcha. You're cover you're covered by appreciation. Yeah. Um, so do you think the appreciation has stopped? Well, I mean, as of the last couple months trend, it's been pretty been pretty flat for the last two months. And usually it starts to tick up in in in uh you know, late January and well, we usually see I call it the Super Bowl light switch. So, if you go look at kind of historical data, like about a week after the Super Bowl, we always, at least in real estate and everything, I've always looked leasing all that. we usually see a huge click starting right after the Super Bowl. So, coming up in another week or two, early February is usually when we start to see trends move a lot more. Well, we'll see. Uh I the again I I I'm of the belief that by like the end of this year, not by a lot, but that our year-over-year appreciation is going to be negative for the first time in a long time. Okay. Um so, you need to be careful buying properties right now if you're flipping. I Yeah. Like again, going back to timing, right? like the the principles of success are always the same, right? It but if you time if you get lucky, right? And or you you are smart enough to identify the trend. Um and you get involved early, now you have a now you have a a buffer, a tailwind, right? You have something bringing you forward as you go through this learning. you can screw up a little bit and don't have to be perfect and you still can and to and in I believe in a mark in the market we're entering in to to do what we do. You have to be damn near perfect um now or or soon uh to to avoid you know costly costly mistakes. Okay. Um, and so getting getting started in this environment, not to say you can't do it, not trying to talk anybody out of it, but uh just so if we wanted to flip some, you know, a half dozen houses again, I mean, I've done enough. I mean, not we're not at your level. I mean, how many homes you flipped? Oh, uh, I'm 500, 600. Okay. So, we're like 20% of you because I we did probably about 100 homes. Okay. Over our time. Um, I'm a licensed GC, obviously, broker background, all that stuff. we construct I mean we just technically flipped 80 apartment units in South Bay so we're just finishing that up so the crews and operations systems logistics speed got that down pretty good but it's different it is different that's why yeah it that's why I love I I really am going to be looking a little bit more at the the the unit turns one because I think the you know there there's some distress in that market uh it's harder to to sell multif family right now with the interest rates where they're at and where where sellers still think cap rates are at and all that. Um but but the you know it is different for sure but it's it's also you know it's it's a lot more similar than you know flipping to development is entirely different right flipping to you know unit turns is is pretty similar. Um the the financial modeling of a of a project 100% different than the the nuts and bolts of hammers and nails or whatever. Yeah. That's all I mean I look at I mean we just cuz we're doing four or five a month right when we're turning an apartment complex. Um it's the same kind of cruise. Same cruise. Same cruise. Well you know I know it's the same cruise cuz our cruise we flip houses with so I know it is and I and I went and you know looked at some of the cuz we I'm looking to maybe use them if we do start flipping some stuff. uh just the quality work and what they do and how they do it, you know, cuz an apartment unit, you know, it's similar, but you want to make sure that the quality is there on the on the flip side, too, right? Um but yeah, it's interesting. Yeah. So, I mean, yeah, you flips are still I Yes, you can still flip. You still make money. Um I I believe like I wouldn't do this business model and invest as much time and energy as I have to build a machine and a team that that is going to operate if I did not think I could do this into perpetuity. Sure. Um, it all comes down it, you know, when the when the markets get wonkier or or, you know, move from a a sellers market to a buyer market, you just you you got to change your buying formula and you got to be on top of the changes in the buying formula as they come. And this is why I look at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] every week. Um, and and then you got to be you got to be nailed down on operations. Yeah. Um, if flipping now, if you're wholesaling, again, different story. I mean, I I I I could I don't like wholesaling, but the I mean, the um what people You guys do wholesale some of your deals, right? No, no, no. So, all the ones you take in, you do. Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's like our differentiator. Gotcha. So, you're not like a GG or some of the other that'll do 50/50 or some here, some there, and the wholesale. We're um we don't do any direct to seller. Our whole No, you do no direct to seller marketing. Marketing or or sales. Okay. Interesting. Our entire business model is based around partnering with with real estate professionals, real estate agent. That'd be my approach. I mean, I was telling Kevin the other day, I said there's three ways, and you can correct me if I'm wrong. Three ways to find the flips, right? You go direct to seller. Mhm. Direct to broker, which would be agent, right? Relationships or deal with wholesalers, but you're going to be paying assignment fees and all that other stuff. Um, that's usually the three best and only methods I know. Yeah. I mean, uh, you got like courthouse steps which are don't really exist much anymore. So, but yeah, um, those are the the primary ones. Yeah. So, we we deal with wholesalers and and agents. Yep. Um, I mean, again, I it's a big machine. This whole real estate industry is a big big machine. You can be really really freaking good at buying like sell direct to seller cons. That's that's a different business model. Yeah. You got to you're you're running a sales and marketing machine. I mean, mailers, text messages, calls, GG homes, they're they're basically now they're basically a sales training organization uh and a and a marketing company, right? They're they are pumping out really good salespeople that are going out and they they have they know who their target market is and they're going out and offering what that target market wants in a in a sales presentation. And then and then they go back and and they know who their target market is for their buyers and they they sell it, right? They just assign the contract. That is a but they're they're flipping different machine. Oh yeah. They they also they I mean they do that too. But but that to me that's two different businesses. And they they actually have two different business. They have GG Homes which does the flips and they have I buy SD which does the the wholesaling. Anyway, this is not a a master class on GG Homes. No, but it's interesting. It's interesting the different models. Yeah. Um because I've always thought that if you're going to be a flipper, you're also technically a wholesaler because you're going to see deals or get deals that you be like, well, a lot a lot of people are like a lot what I found uh in in trying to do it when when I decided like, hey, we're going to be a we're going to be a volume based service provider to the real estate industry for these distressed, you know, these houses that need love, right? That's like that's what we're all about. Um which I like that model. I mean, personally, I don't like the wholesaling. Yeah. Well, most I talked to a lot of people. Most people don't. But wholesaling does if you're in that investor model and not building a business, right? If uh it does provide quick cash and and it allows you to monetize a lot of your efforts if you're not going to flip it, um or you don't feel comfortable about it for whatever reason. Um, so what I decid what I decide or figured out is like when when uh when I'm looking at a deal and thinking, well, I could wholesale this, then I'm spending a lot of time on something that I don't really believe in. And and then I'm now I got to I got to build a process to then take that I go lock that property up on a price that I don't believe in that I don't want to take it down at and then go find a buyer for it. Um, and I said I just told myself, well, if I just focus, if I just say no, like you know, Warren Buffett says, you know, the really successful people just say say no to more things. Um, if I just say no and then go back to sifting through all everything else that's out there and focus on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I want to buy that I believe in, I I'll I'll end in in the grand scheme of things, I'll end up making more money. Now, I do leave money on the table when I don't wholesale something. But is is there real margin if you're buying stuff from wholesalers? Are they trying to take all the margin out of it? They try. Yeah. Um Yeah. I mean that is what happens. I mean that's what for for us because they may lock it up at the wrong price, right? And then they try and put their little assignment fee on top of that. So by the time you get it as a flipper. Yeah. We turned out a lot. Yeah. Right. I mean cuz you're like dude like I looked at one in in I think Chula Vista and I'm like bro how are these people doing it? Because I said that's funny. I just I'm like I'm running our numbers pretty sharp and thin. And I'm like they paid what for that thing? I said this is this is why uh for two two things why I believe that our values are going to see a dip this year is because there's there's a lot of people that don't know what they're doing andor are expecting uh prices they're not going to be able to get and and then the only way to sell that is by fire is for Yeah. You have to keep going down. Um, and it uh anyway, and that's mainly because of the co the cost of capital these days with the backend end user. Correct. I mean, when they're having to pay 7% interest rates, which is what they're at now, the the I mean, again, when everybody is when when everybody's running out into the water, right? What does Warren Buffett say? No, when the market is what? Greedy, you get out. Fearful. When the market is fearful, you get greedy. Yeah. See, it's the it's the opposites. And anyway, um there's just a lot of lot of people thinking that flipping is the answer. Yep. Um because and it totally makes sense intellectually. I am not by saying this. I'm not bashing on these people that want to do it. I I love flipping houses and understand the sexiness of it. Um but there's a lot of people that are are trying it or getting into it. Uh because the real estate market volume is way down. Sure. uh when volume's down, there's a lot of people in real estate that are like, "Well, I got to make money and I got to find ways to make money, so let's try this flipping thing." Um, but I mean, I've been People don't realize that you can lose your ass. Like, I mean, I've been doing I think I think hands down the operation side. So, let's say you you bought it right for simple math. You bought this property, right? You're like, "Okay, we bought it at the price probably needed to. We've got our budget in place. It's probably a good budget. Well, now you come to the actual execution game where now you got to get the renovation crews in there. You got to know your scope of work correctly so you don't get a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] change orders which you know are going to come from these subcontractors that try and go in there and say, "Well, this was supposed to be here and it was over here, right? Knowing how to walk through a house correctly and cost estimate. Um, and then hold their hand and watch them like a hawk." So the next thing you know you're not coming out of there and you know supposed to be a $60,000 budget turns into 120. Yeah. because that that that speed and the money is I mean it is if you can't call out a subcontractor correctly and know that they're full of it. That's why I say people get hammered because they're like, "Dude, they said it was this." And I'm like, "Oh, fuck." Well, it and and that again, that has been happening a lot for years. But people don't feel the pain because they appreciate when you when you sell for 50 or 100 grand more than you thought, right? Um, and we are freaking anal about how our process, how we approach it, how we schedule things, how we put the scope together. I I mean, if you if you aren't really decisive and figure out exactly what you're going to do up front, then you're you're you're screwed. Yeah. Yeah. Change orders are coming. Yeah. Well, you're going to change something. And and it's not fair to the contractors when you do that, too. But people don't understand how hard it is to be a contractor. We, you know, I'm I'm not the licensed GC, but we have a construction business. It's freaking hard. You got to I mean, half the battle in construction for clients is communication. And if you, you know, both ways. Um, and so, yeah. So having your quote unquote assembly line scope of work ready to go so that way when you turn the light switch on to that contractor to go into that house, they can blow and go is the ideal way, right? We Yeah, we we stack subs to keep the project moving. We buy we buy all the material. Um Oh, you do? Okay. Yeah, I have a uh I've gone back and forth. You have a warehouse for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now? I don't I don't So we don't we I do have a warehouse. Um I used to stock stuff. Yeah. uh and and found out that it just becomes a a a breeding ground of dead material. So, and and never gets used. Y So, we don't do that anymore. It's it's it's just in time delivery like Walmart. Um but uh we've gone back and forth. I've tried different ways. Uh but the problem with with the kind of contractors usually that are doing the work is they're not always the best at at managing money. Yep. And and so the biggest area where they get hammered is they don't know how to budget for material and then they don't have money to buy the material, right? So they ask you for it and then then then they're run out of money and then now you not only did you uh because you didn't budget correctly and the the contractor didn't budget correctly, you now just put a guy who lives paycheck to paycheck out of work and you know screwed him over. But then you're over budget and your project's sitting and it I mean again it is sexy. I love what we do. It is hard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] work to do it really really well. Um and and I there's a lot of people out there right now that don't that that haven't been through that school of hard knocks and it it's just going to get harder uh as as the market's not giving you giving you free money. The appreciation on the upside. Interesting. Well, this was like a school of hard knocks today. Oh, dude. I I just feel like I just like beat up everybody's dreams of living. Well, no, no, no. Listen, just keep going. Keep going. Keep going. What what Brian is saying is find a partner. Listen to Brian, right? I'm even listening to him. Um because and I've flipped a lot of houses and now we do multif family and we do groundup construction development. And I mean, I understand that game inside now, but he is dead on if you don't have the appreciation in the market helping you and you have to get really efficient with your systems. Uh, you can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. I mean, this is not a time where you can go in and buy the property wrong, have a budget set, run a really bad construction process, and have an extra, you know, 10 15% on your costs, expect to get out of that thing with a profit. Yeah. Ain't going to happen. Nope. So, you just got to be good. You got to be good with your cost estimations, scope of works, how you buy the properties, the the you know, I mean, it's to give advice after, you know, beating people up for for so long. Um, I'll go back to how we started, right? Yeah. Um, find get really good at buying the property. like know know how to analyze, know what's a good deal, and then if if you really want to get into flipping and you don't want to make those operational mistakes, find somebody like we did when we first started and partner with them. I mean the it's why we created a program specifically for this for agents because I saw a lot of agents wanting to get into flipping and it's just a completely different business model and they don't people don't think how much you have to if you're going to go do a flip you're now taking and you're an agent, right? You're taking your eyes off your main business to go start a new business, right? like they don't think about it. Like you are now starting a new business and figuring [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out while while your main business is sitting here. You're not selling. Well, and and I know the number one I mean sales I mean I've done that game and yeah the minute you start pulling your foot off the gas in the sales game screwed. You're screwed. So hard. I mean your your energy in the sales is so critical. But I had to that was actually probably one of the hardest things and we can maybe finish up on this when I decided to make that transition into the investor world specifically multif family cuz that was 2018 2019 I said I'm going to do this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But it wasn't until co that I finally said in order for me to do this I have to be okay with not being a top realtor anymore. Mhm. I have to be okay with taking a couple steps back to go a bunch of steps forward, which means less income, which mean things are going to get tighter for a period of time, which means I better get real lean and mean and be okay with like stepping back to go this way. And that was one of the hardest things. I mean, I remember talking to Seth O'Burn. I was sitting at a coffee shop with him in inas because he saw what I was doing and he's like, "Dude, I kind of want to do what you're doing." And I said, "Are you okay with not being a top realtor anymore, Seth?" Because I said, "That's what you're going to have to do." Mhm. Like no longer are you doing 50 60 70 $80 million or plus a year in sales. I said you're going to be ready to step back because your energy, right? We all know where focus goes, energy flows. And so he's like, well, I don't know. But but he managed to figure it out because he actually partnered up with some people. Mhm. That would take a lot of that energy for the development stuff, which he's now just partnered on and then he can be a part of it and still do the sales game with the teams. So, he's kind of being able to play both and that's what I had to make a decision on. And it was a hard one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 34 $500,000 off the table on sales and I have to pivot for a period of time and I got to go like you got to run, you got to move and you got to but that urgency Yeah. The two steps back though like trying to do both at the same time. You're never going to go anywhere. Like you're you you might be you might be able to keep that income the same maybe. Yeah. You're not you're not really moving the needle. Yeah. I mean, you got to decide, right? You got to commit. Yeah. Which is why you have to have um a little bit of a buffer time. Call it 6 months of reserves. If you're going to go you're going to pull back on sales a little bit so you can do less sales. Maybe you're doing 10 deals a year and selling houses. Now you're going to do five. Yeah. And then but I want to do some flips. Well, yeah. And then at some point you got to pull the plug. Dude, I I'm I'm super conservative. So I I'm I'm in my head I'm always like 12 months of reserves if you're in real estate. Yeah. And especially if you're going to get in flipping. Yeah. 12 months of reserves. Don't touch that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. And I know that's not like like that's a lot, right? Well, it is a depending on what your burn rate is. Yeah. But but I and it's financial sense maybe not but like be to be able to people people also in flipping underestimate uh how stressful it can be when when your money is now tied into that property and and it and it doesn't go well. M um and and if you don't have that money in the bank account and you have to go rest your head on on the pillow at night and in in order to be able to wake up, you know, a new person to be able to go tackle those problems the next day. If you're not getting sleep, dude, you are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's a clip. That's a hook. Uh that's a good one. No, please. So, if you can't tell, Brian's gone through this. Okay. Clearly clearly gone through this. Had the stressful moments. So finish on this though because there's a great quote. I think it was one of Elon's Mus ex-wives or something like that. money out that said listen if you're going to be an entrepreneur you have to be and the great ones you have to be okay sitting in a level of stress where most people's heads would pop off their shoulder and you're able to sit in that with emotional discipline and not lose it because every great entrepreneur at some point has been on the precipice of broke Yeah. Or been broke, right? Poor is different than broke, but broke. And everybody's been at a point where you're like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't know how we're going to make payroll next week." Mhm. Right. Every great entrepreneur has been there. And if you haven't, we we need to look at that because everybody's been there and or going through it. So, you have to be okay sitting in that and then just being able to never give up. Just don't give up. Especially if you believe in what you're doing and you believe that the process you're running is good. Mh. You just haven't been able to get over that hump just yet. Mhm. So, what do you think about that? Oh, agreed. Yeah. I mean, uh, yeah, running business is hard. Um, it's not it's not for the fan of heart. The, you know, and and and to grow a business, I mean, you're like you're in order to do it right, you're you're not taking money out of that business for for a long time. Yeah. And now again though, even even to grow an investment business, right? If you if you flip and your goal is to financial freedom to make money. Yeah. You can't don't touch that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money, then keep your keep your burn rate the same, build up reserves because yes, sometimes it gets tough. Um but yeah, it's it takes a lot of it takes a lot of discipline and and and the amount the amount of problems that are always swirling around you is you have to be a professional problem solver. Yeah, it every day. What the the I I I've read Elon Musk I guess is the the the theme of the day or the theme of at least last 10 minutes. Um he there was a book about uh leadership style and you know he has got what he's CEO of three companies, four companies now. Yeah. Or more. So all so his his now leadership style is literally going into the each of his businesses and figuring out what is the biggest problem of this business this week and that's all he works on. It's all he does. He's just every business what is the biggest problem this week? Let's figure that out. Let's move the ball forward. Let's let's let's get an action plan in place. And then he'll do that's how he manages all these different businesses. Everything else everything else around him is is handled. Yep. And then uh the things the outliers the problems are are his job and it's like yeah dude that is that is entrepreneur. Well sure yeah when you can put a COO and obviously he's at different levels where he has a whole seuite of operational people running things but where you can go in and play that super high level major problem solver to give um direction that's basically the job like that is the job I mean for the entrepreneur. I know there's there's other things you got to focus on too, but um anyway, yeah, it's the biggest problem solver to your point. So, for anybody if you're an agent out there uh and you want to kind of partner, right? I mean, because you you guys partner with agents. You partner with agents, which I listen, that is hands down, in my opinion, the best model. I mean, I was an agent. I partnered on some flips and stuff, too. Um, I mean, I didn't think you guys underwrit some of my deals, um, when I was an agent that, uh, you guys, I think you guys put an offer on a couple of them. Um, but seller wanted more, so didn't work out, but that's the way it works. Yeah. Um, and the funny thing is they ended up later taking less. I know. You know how that game works. Is followup, man. We we we should have been we noticed that like when we're good really good at followup, we we get those the deals come back to us because Yeah. Usually they'll fall out of escrow or something happens and whole thing. So anyway, um, yeah, so we we we partner with agents. We're we we have uh our my whole our whole business model with we revive like I'm focusing it on as as a as a business. I don't see myself as an investment company anymore. We are a service provider to real estate professionals. Now obviously our our services, one of those is we'll buy we'll buy a house. We'll buy a house that needs love and we'll we'll pour the love into it and that's how we make our money is how we sell it. But we also are building out the construction element uh in order to offer um offer the real estate agents a a construction provider that understands how to how to turn that house that needs love into something that their clients want whether whether they they need meaning they will renovate it before they list it type thing that or if they want to buy a fixer and fix it up. Um, now we're not doing we're not we're not doing work for for other investors cuz you know we got to make a margin. But um but then we're I'm I'm figuring out biggest problem one of the biggest problems uh or opportunities this year to figure out is okay how can we that Kurio model have you seen that where Kurbio comes in and and we'll cover the uh we'll cover the repair cost for the seller get paid. Yes. They're and they put a lean on it for the exit. Yeah. and and they're having I they charge arm and a leg. They they their margin is 100% on top of a contractor. It's really expensive. So you're saying if there's an $80,000 construction holy like that's what they want and they're use I mean they're using good contractors too that are are you know that 80,000 already has that 25 35% margin in it and then and then they're they're charging their their fees on top of that and getting designers involved and everything. Um, I like I actually like their business model. I think their I think their monetary financial system is is screwed up. And um and I've I've heard their operational system is is But how does that even they're not trying to flip the house? No, they're they're they're just they're just making their margin. Yep. And and then the house is selling. Yeah. And then they're getting their their money back. The homeowners use them to renovate. Correct. And then they're selling it. So it's kind of like um renovation realy. Are they even around still? I see them around. Um I don't I don't know how much they're doing. I I actually really like their model, too. Yeah, it's a it's a brilliant freaking model. The problem that I see on on their side, again, I don't want to talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in public here, but um it's just an observation. I there the the end product of of the renovations design-wise, material-wise, it's rough. Um, and and I think in this in this modern world of buyers are informed by HDTV. Yep. We have an in-house designer. She's freaking amazing. Um, I we put people will pay for unique designs, right? And they'll pay for a kind of cool trendy stuff. Yeah. Whether it's a buyer who's buying the house or or or a a you know, a seller, sorry, a a client that wants to live in it, right? I mean, they they don't they don't want the apartment grade finishes. No one no one everybody honestly people rip that crap out nowadays. Um anyway, we went on another team. No, I love that. But that's that's our that's our new focus as as a business. That's my new focus as businesses. And that's that's I like that business model. You know, it's a good one because you're partnering with agents. I mean, I even believe on the upside, you bring them into equity. Yeah. Yeah. If they if they help us uh they can choose their poison, right? Or that's a bad word. Yeah. But depending on commissions and if they want commission, then we'll pay commission. That's how our offer is structured. If they if they This is why we offered it because people want to get into flipping. Yeah. They just don't have the systems. They don't have the systems. And if they don't have the So, if they don't have the systems or the money, um but they have the property and they're like, I you know, I want the uh I want a part of the upside, not a commission. Then we have a model. they get a commission going in the door just not on the exit. Neither. Usually they throw it in. Okay. Uh or usually what happens is there just isn't room for commission. Right. Right. And so then we'll just put them in the backside. Gotcha. Um or if they have money then then now we can talk about 5050. Yeah. Gotcha. Yeah. Makes sense. I love it man. Well if anybody wants to find you online how do they find you? Uh well, werevive.com and then I think my Instagram I my Instagram handle is BrianC Daily. Okay. Yeah. Go look him up, man, if you want to find out what he's doing and how he's partnering with agents and everybody like that. But I appreciate you spending time with us. Yeah, it's fun. This is cool. Yeah. So, uh in the future, uh he's going to be doing multif family with us and I'm just going to be doing flips with them. There you go. We're set those trade trade secrets. So, all right everybody, take care. Thanks for uh chiming in. Until next time. Talk soon. Bye. [Music]