I got William Reid on today from Divore Capital out in Florida. What we're going to be diving into is his work in the ministry helping men in getting over substance abuse and a bunch of other little things. Yeah, there's a lot of that. Um, so we meet uh we meet weekly whether it's substance uh you know it's alcohol, it's drugs, it's depression, it's pornography, it's you know there's so many different things that can keep us trapped in bondage. It's getting to the underlying root of that. I take individuals down a journey where we take blocks of time, write down every memory that that you have, good or bad, and then we began having very very close-knit, detailed conversations about every single one of these events in their life. The issue is never the thing that they put on paper. It's the byproduct of this event that happens that takes place. Now, the one thing that we have as human beings is we have the ability to pick up a shovel and make the bottom deeper. But that's a good quote. That's a good quote. [Music] Hey everybody, how are you? Justin Brennan in for another amazing podcast. I got William Reid on today from D'vor Capital out in Florida. And what's really cool is not so much what he does professionally, but what we're going to be diving into is his work in the ministry and also, you know, helping men quite a bit in getting over quite, you know, substance abuse and a bunch of other little things. So that's really I think what he's passionate about, what he can talk a lot about and probably help a lot of people on this podcast today beyond just hey this is what we're doing with construction and roofing and capital and building and all that which is great but it's really diving a few layers deep and getting into the the real passions that Will has. So welcome to the show. Will do thank you very much Justin. It's a It's a blessing to be here, man. And I'm I'm definitely looking forward to it. And we've been planning this for for a while. Our our mutual acquaintance, Kate, uh has you like, "You got to meet Justin. You got to meet Justin." And I think we met in uh Vegas earlier this year and uh been looking forward to it. Yeah. Didn't if am I mistaken? Didn't we all You were also down at the Patrick Bed David thing in Florida, correct? Or was that Scott? We were. Yes, we No. Uh yeah, we were all there. We brought our whole team. Uh, I think we brought what, 17 people with us, uh, for the vc down. Yeah. I mean, I would love to be able to take, you know, do kind of what you did, what Andy Elliot and those guys did down there and bring in their massive teams and all that. Um, that's definitely a goal of mine. Are you going back this year 2025 to I guess it's in Tampa Bay or Orlando, one of the or I think it's Orlando. It It's in Orlando. I think they originally were going to be in Tampa, but then they moved it for fear of hurricanes. Um, yeah, we're going to be back. We're uh the first event actually we're going to go to is SLS, the sales leadership summit. We'll be there in I believe it's April. Uh, and then we'll we'll be back at the vault. Uh, we're in we're in PBD's masterminds and uh, Bisdoc's masterminds and you know, Scott, our CEO, he is just so heavily invested in uh, personal and professional development that he just brings he just brings the whole team with him whenever he can. So, with the different masterminds with PBD, um, we have Aaron who's kind of our rep. When I say our, Kate and I's rep down there with with PBD and his crew. Um, there's different levels, right? He has his business consulting. Is that like a one-on-one like super expensive? And then is the mastermind like reasonable? I'm just kind of curious on this. Or is it all like $4 million? [Music] Um, I don't think it's all $4 million. It's we have seen an ROI. It's not cheap. Um but we have we have seen an ROI, so it's it's worth it, but um I would uh I think PBD would would appreciate me telling you to contact your rep. Um and they could probably get you get you some some up-to-date pricing. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. And Aaron's Aaron's awesome. and you know going down there getting the CEO tickets and I started doing this a few years ago where I wouldn't just go to conferences anymore and it was a great piece of advice I got from a pretty wellto-do business person he says Justin rather than going to like 10 conferences right just general admissioning all of them pick four right good ones some maybe are in industry based other ones are not industry based and you're going to buy the best ticket period because it's not about the conference. You may pick a piece of it, you know, tidbit here or there. It's the rooms you're going to be in, right? You need to get surrounded by the doers and the shakers and all that stuff that go on there. So, pay to play and get the most expensive ticket at these things because if you want to really truly move your needle, get around the people. And yes, that costs money. It doesn't matter. Yeah. So, that's what we did and it's made a massive difference. Massive. What would you say to that? Yeah, I would I would I would say the same thing. It's there's a like who who do you want to be next to, right? Do you want to be next to and not that there's anything wrong with, you know, $200 $250 general admission, but the individual who's investing, you know, 105,000 for the access, right? Because the information is the information, right? You can you can go on YouTube and watch, you know, 20 hours worth of any any influencer, any business development leader and you can get the information, but you can't get that same level of access. So, it's it's definitely definitely worth it if you're going to step in in to do it. And I think where a lot of people, you know, go wrong even at, you know, like general mission level is there's just so much, you know, like the vault was 4 days of just intense communication and you're you're never going to soak it all in, right? But we've been we've been three times. Um we've been twice, excuse me. So this will be our third year. And you know, everybody that went the first time there was, you know, they're like, "Oh, you know, a lot of this repeats itself." So my question back to them was, "Well, what did you do with it?" Right? So if you No, no, that was going to be my first thought in my brain is, "Yeah, man. And if you're just going down there and taking that big ass booklet that he gives you and go through it and then be like a robot, but then you leave the conference and if you're not kind of summarizing it on the plane ride back or wherever it is you're going because that's what I do on the plane ride back. I'm taking that booklet and going through it and implementing probably two to three. I don't try and take a ton. Two to three major things that I'm like great. I'm going to do this, this, and this. And then I put it into my task list. So when I get back, boom, it goes. And that's been the biggest difference for me, um, is just taking action immediately and not trying to take the whole booklet and put it and implement it, but take bits and pieces and two or three pieces of it. Yeah, we we did uh we did a team debrief every night when while we were at the conference and then we've we've taken pieces from it and periodically have revisited those, you know, through the end of 2024 and then we we participated in the um the business planning workshop here a couple of weeks ago. So, okay, here's your vision. Here's your plan. This is how you're going to do it. And it's like, all right, well, we can't do all things. Uh but we can we can get really good at a few things and build upon them, get the processes in place. So as we continue to grow the organization, we have a solid foundation that we just keep adding layers to. Yeah. So when you guys do your business plans, I'm curious about how people do this because there's such a psychology to it. Do you guys do a 12-month business plan or have you read the book 12week year? Uh I have not read that book 12week year. Um but what we do is at the end of 2025 where do we want to be you know with each division and then we back it down. Okay. All right. So what activity am I going to need to do this week to get to where we want to end 2025? Gotcha. Yeah. Because what um and you should read the book. It's called 12week year. Speaking of it, one second because this is like this blew my mind when I read this book. This guy right here. And no, I'm not getting paid by them. But this book uh changed everything in terms of how I do business planning. And the reason why is because we are taught by nature to do this business plan that's a year. You know, like you said, look at the end of 2025 and work your way back and blah blah blah. Nothing necessarily wrong with that. But then we create these business plans that are all great and we're done with them and we look at them. But sometimes they go right in a drawer and then we don't look at them again until December of 2025. So what they found out psychologically the process that people should be going through is a 12week year which is basically four years in one. So your year is 90 days. It's not December 2025. It's March 31st 2025. What does the next 90 days look like? and we're going to have certain goals and then like you said you back into those goals through tasks and that way you execute because it's like anything. You give somebody a year, what do they take? A year. You give somebody a month, what do they take? A month. You give somebody a week, what do they take? A week. So, we know that if you can create urgency, FOMO, and kind of this idea of, oh shoot, we got to actually complete these things by March 31st, not December 31st. Uh then you you basically build four years in one. and they it's like it's unbelievable. Um, so you know, you guys do what you want. But it helped us tremendously because now we're actually going after No, no, our year ends March 31st. Let's go. That's year one. And then, oh, oh, shoot. Now, now we got April, May, June. We got June. Shoot, we got to go, you know, and it's not like, oh, okay, we'll look at it and oh, oh shoot, it's September. Shoot, we should get that done, right? Yeah. So, it's No, and I like that because because you're absolutely right cuz when you you start January, you have all the time in the world, right? Or you think you do, right? Yeah. You think you do and then before you know it, just by nature of of human nature, procrastination kicks in and you've done absolutely nothing but thought about planning, right? I mean, your plan looks great. I actually used to do them. I used to do them. I used to have great business plans. They're all with data and numbers and they looked great and I mean it was growth. It was awesome. But they were all 12-mon driven and then like I it was advised to me they I had a mentor with me. They said, "Hey, go read this book." And you tell me at the end of it what you think. And I read it and I came back going, "Oh my gosh, that makes number one so much sense. Number two, implementing it has made created that urgency to where you're not going into it thinking you got 12 months. I mean, you're literally creating like a fake year, but it works. It works because you're not um Yeah, you're not getting into February because, you know, quarters go quick and all of a sudden you get to you're like crap, it's midFebruary, we haven't done squat on our business plan. Well, that's because you thought you had till December, right? But no, you have another 45 days. Get rolling. Let's go. Um, so just just helps helps the speedometer and create this kind of fake urgency, you know, for you. So, yeah. Well, that's our uh uh so we're in the process of uh a a multifamily um development. It's going to be nine town homes, 18 doors, groundup construction. And my my civil engineer has been dragging their feet for months. Yeah. And some of it's ex, you know, understandable and some of it's not. So yesterday afternoon I had to get them on the phone and I like listen okay this is where we're at. There is no more time for excuses or delays. This is where this is what I need and this is when I need it by can you commit to that or do I need to find somebody else? You know and they're like oh yeah we're so sorry. We're so sorry. Then they start adding in a bunch of extra things that they're not going to charge me for because they know they dropped the ball. Right. But are they to blame or am I to blame? Right. I've you know oh it's Thanksgiving. and it's Christmas, you know, we're we're showing grace, but it's like, okay, cool. It's the new year. We we we I need this done. Yeah. And I, you know, and and I and it's hard through the holiday season. I always try and maintain pressure um on things like that, giving the grace usually the week before and the week after the big holidays, right? So, you know, Thanksgiving going into Thanksgiving and then a day or few after and then but I I try and just keep the throttle because I because you're right, people could very easily shut down mid November and then you don't talk to them until January 7th and that it just goes by two months in a heartbeat. Uh and and a lot of things need to get done sometimes at the end of each year. So, um yeah, and I and I totally get the civil engineering side. I deal with our third party consultants. for finalizing one right now. And it's just um it's like any you're not trying to micromanage people. You're just trying to keep the followup there, you know, the kind, gentle followup. Hey, how are we doing on this? When can I have this by? I'm trying to accomplish this blah blah blah. So, you're I mean, you're hitting all the nails. Um that's good. I love that. Well, it's because the the micro what we go back to PBD for a second. What does he say? micro, you know, micromanage until you can trust, you know, so it's until I trust you enough, I'm gonna have to micromanage you. And it's it's hard for my brain to wrap around that because if I I try my best and I'm not perfect. I'm a flawed human being. But if I say I'm going to do something, you know, there's a reasonable expectation like with my CEO, like if I tell him I'm going to do a task, he knows that I'm going to do it. He doesn't need to come back to me. And I I appreciate other human beings that when they say they're going to do something, they actually do it and they do it in a timeline or faster than what they say. Yeah. And when Patrick was talking about his number one thing in determining whether he, you know, success number one, but if he promotes people and puts them in position and wants to do business with them is reliability, right? He needs to be able to rely on people. And if you tell me you're going to do something, I I don't want to micromanage you, right? I don't want to. But if you tell me you do something and then you don't, you're you're putting these little daggers in place quietly. Yep. And then I'm like, "Oh, well, they said they'd do it by this and they didn't. Okay, you give them a couple days grace and they did it. Okay, fair enough. We'll give you another shot. Next time comes up, oh, you missed that one, too." So now you're you're giving me the sense of oh I don't know if I can rely on you. That means I have to now steal my I don't trust like you said I don't trust that you're going to execute right. And that's all it does. It's not that you're not good. It's you're you're basically lying to me and lying to yourself uh by by not fulfilling things right. Yeah. Justin does great work. How many times have we said this about somebody you know so and so and I threw Justin under their bus. You know so and so does great work but it takes them too much longer than it should. you know. So, yeah. Yeah. Is it really that great? You know, because the the time has, you know, an impact with with anything. Yeah. Time is time is absolutely money. Time is the most. And that's we did a uh we did a networking event uh here in the office this morning. We brought in some some entrepreneurs and business leaders from around the city. And that was one of the things I said, listen, I said, I know you have your goals and you have your vision and you have your plans, but how intentional are you going to be with today? Today is the most valuable resource that you have because you already have it. It's you're you're walking in it, you're breathing in it. So, how are you going to use it to benefit your tomorrow? You know, how are you going to use it to benefit the people around you, benefit your teams? Or are you going to wake up tomorrow if you're blessed with the opportunity to wake up tomorrow and be like, you know what, I really wasted yesterday. Right. That's Yeah. And I the more I realize how much time I've wasted. Well, no. When when people tell me, "Oh, you have time." Um, you even hear I don't know if you know Gary Vanderchuk. Um, yeah. You know, but but he talks about he says, "Oh, you know, dude, you're you have so much time. You know, you're you're you're 55. You have so much time." And my response is, "Not really." Like, and if you go in with that mentality of like, "Oh, you know, I don't need to get to it today. I can get to it tomorrow." Yeah. I mean, not really because that if you have that mentality going through life, man, you don't have the yesterday mentality of go go, well, then next thing you know, three months goes by and you don't do squat, right? And you have this task list or this goal list or this plan list, but you don't execute because you just think you have time. Oh, well, you know what? It's it's not urgent today. I won't check it off my list. I'll get to it tomorrow. Right. That whole mentality that Well, I think that's the piece. Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, I think that's the piece of it, you know, like Gary, you know, when he says when he says that, you know, often in the next sentence or the next couple of sentences, it's get started today. Sure. Right. Like it's Yeah. You and I get the premise, right? You you and and I would say this way. You might have another 20 years. You might have another 30 years, but you absolutely have today. So, get started today, right? Yeah. Yeah. And and don't you know the concept of you procrastinating? Um and I think that's been the biggest thing is you know what is your drivers because um you know money's good. It's good motivation to get you started but it won't keep you going. And this is what Patrick talks about his seven mountains right and the selfidentity audit right because um and and motivation's great but discipline is even better. But then I would even take it a step further and say consistent discipline because I mean you're out there in Florida, you got this guy called Tom Brady that lives out there and you know when he went down to PBD I I don't know if you took this from him but I I knew within 15 minutes of listening to him talk on stage with Patrick BD David the reason why he is who he is and why he succeeded the way he succeeded. And it had nothing to do with his physical attributes. It had nothing to do with that. It's simply the seven inches between his ears. That guy is so ruthlessly consistently disciplined, right, with the with the task daily. That's it. And he just he just outlasted like he, you know, people would do it for four days straight, he was five. They did it for seven, he was eight. They did it for 15, he was three weeks. Just bup just consistently disciplined. And he said, and people asked him, and I think it was Patrick said, 'W were you doing it for the accolades, the money? Like, you can't be doing. He says, 'N no, Patrick. I said, I did it in fear of showing up to the locker room for my teammates and not being a good teammate, not being prepared. Like, that was my fear. Like that is literally what drove me every single night and morning when I didn't want to do something, didn't want to get out of bed, didn't want to go to the gym, didn't want to do that, didn't want to watch film, didn't want to like when I had those thoughts, I then came behind that and said, "Oh crap, if I show up tomorrow, my teammates, I'm not going to be that for them. I can't let my teammates down." Like, that is what I took from Tom Brady. Like no wonder that guy became what he became because it had nothing to do cuz he clearly wasn't the most gifted physically but his brain and his just I mean ruthless approach to discipline being consistent. I mean would you agree with that? No, I would absolutely agree with that. You know and that's the the other piece that I get with a guy guys like Brady is when they get an opportunity and they don't want to waste it, right? So they're willing to go the extra mile. put the disciplines in place, be consistent with the things that they need to do to honor the opportunity that they have, right? Because so very few people make it to that level, you know, even even in business. So few entrepreneurs make it, you know, to that, you know, 50, 100 million, $150 million level, right? And when you find these hypers successful people, you will find that one common trait in all of them is they have a consistency to the disciplines in which they are trying to master so they can you know hold on to that opportunity. Not not like as if it's an idol but it they are so rare. Yeah, I couldn't have said it any better. That was perfect. That's going to be a great snippet. That was perfect. Um, so like jumping into your personal kind of life and the things you're super passionate about outside of the business, tell me about the ministry and your your attachment, I guess. Where did faith come into your life first and foremost? Were was it family born into it and then or did you find it through other other means? Yeah. No, it was it was other means. Uh, I didn't grow up uh in the church as many people say. Um, I uh I connected with a small group of of of friends when I was in high school and they were going to a little small church and that was kind of like my my first exposure. Um, but one of those friends, his father was a good man, you know, he was a good man. He was a good father. He seemingly, you know, he led his family well. he was involved in the church and he had just made such an impact on me that even for years later when I went astray um I always kind of looked at him as you know I would I would like to be him you know and um through um a lot of mistakes uh so I joined uh I joined the Marines in 1998 uh went to Afghanistan 2001 came back from Afghanistan and uh prior to I had just created such a dependency on alcohol that uh it just spiraled out of control and you know I mean basically give me I drank Yeah. I mean if you could give me like maybe a case when when I could Yeah. When I could drink I drank to excess and that was pretty much daily um for almost 10 years. Uh 2005 uh 2005 I um I was arrested for DUI inside of that DUI. I crashed into an onduty police officer. Um two years after that I got pulled over DUI again. So I had two two DUIs within five years. You know in the process you know I wrecked a motorcycle I had another car accident. You know, I was just making horribly bad decisions that you were you were an out of control. It was out of control. Yeah. Yeah. I was I was I was definitely, you know, a menace to society. And you know, I felt like I was a good person, but I wasn't living like a good person. And um at the kind of my breaking point, you know, we talk about the bottom. I was, you know, moments away from from taking my own life, you know, and in the course of that, like I had been successful. I had, you know, I bought my first house when I was 24 years old. I was making a, you know, mid-range six-f figureure income at, you know, 24 25, but I had lost it all because of the alcohol. And, um, I had just finished up the the last court case. And, you know, I I avoided prison by the skin of my teeth. Uh, it was it was a blessing. And I was didn't think I had anything else to live for. And I was I was very close to um you know I was sitting in my house which was empty. It was completely empty. It was now you know pending foreclosure. This was you know 200 2008 right after the bubble burst. And uh as I'm getting ready to, you know, to end it, um friend of mine that I hadn't seen, one of those guys from high school comes and he knocks on my door and hey man, I heard you're going through some stuff. Yeah. Really? Like just like that? Yes, sir. Just like that. Ju just like that. And uh do you think that's what stopped it? No, man. I'm fine. It's 100% what stopped it. cuz not only did he knock on my door to check on me, he he put me in his truck and he took me to church. No way. Um and in that and in that moment and in that service that he took me to, I had an encounter with God that I had never experienced before. And it was in that moment that I knew God was re Yep. I knew God was real. I knew God had a purpose for my life. And what I had done with it up to that point wasn't that. What was your experience? It's hard to describe. Um when you can feel just an overwhelming sense of love and grace and compassion coming from someone you cannot see. Um it's it was it was so real. You know, think of your that person in your life that you just loved seeing as a kid, whether it was grandma or whoever, and you just know when Aunt Judy came by, she was going to give you the biggest hug and it just made you feel special. Take that and amplify it by a million. That's what I felt. Wow. Huh. Was that at church or in the truck or when? No, that was that was at church. Um, and you know, oddly enough, I mean, I mean, Will, dude, I mean, the mere fact that you're sitting in your house about to take your life after going through what you'd gone through, aka bottom, and a friend you hadn't seen in a long time randomly knocks on your door and then that person identifies the things you're going through and says, "Get in my truck. You're going to church with me." I mean, really? I mean, by the by the grace of whatever you want to call it, that's wild. Yeah. And it was it was several years it was several years later before I and and when I say Justin, when I say I was I was ready. Um, so I had taken my last $22 and I went to the store and I bought I bought a case of beer. So it was me, a lawn chair, a case of beer, and my pistol. and I was sitting in an empty dining room. That's how close it was. That's how close it was. So, even after going through the court cases and the DUIs and all this stuff, you were still drinking. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There was a there was a brief moment in time where I was and it wasn't So, this this was different. This was not out of like I wasn't partying. It was I was medicating. I was so deeply like hurt um and and broken from the circumstances in which I had created for myself. You know, this is I I would love to say, you know, I I joined the military and Uncle Sam sent me to war and I came home and I had this problem, but my my drinking started, you know, a year and a half before I joined, you know, it was just a it was a catalyst, right? It was a culture. So, it didn't it didn't help it any. Um, but it was it was something that I really identified with. Um, and you know, it was very You go to church and you have and you have this moment and this experience. Yep. Um, walk me through a month following that experience. So, a month following that experience, I had um started doing well, I can I was continuing my counseling because I was I was kind of court-ordered to do some counseling. Um I had um so I started to do that. Um started to get, you know, now I'm sober. Like from that moment, I said, "Okay, I'm going to be sober." um really started to get a little more serious with the woman that would become my wife. Um she moved to Orlando. I followed shortly after uh we got married and um part of my you know restoration plan was like I had to go to they wanted me to go to two AA meetings a week for the next uh three years. Okay. And that was part of it was a condition of my of my court case, right? So, um, I was able to get inside of a men's ministry inside of the local church, and they had kind of a faith-based recovery program that qualified both of those things. And I just started connecting with started connecting with men that that were a little farther along down the road, right? Mentors, you know, disciplemakers, whatever phrase you want to use. And you know, and I was able to start to put together what I call to this day is like my little mini board of directors. Like I had one man who was strong in finances. I had another guy who was really strong in his faith. I had one guy who was a phenomenal father and a husband, you know, and I had these these four or five. It's basically your Yeah. It's like it's like your running mates. It's your running mates. Yeah. That absolutely. And for years, man, I just I set boundaries so tight and that's where my discipline today comes from that, you know, if it if it is not going to benefit me or my family or the organization in which I'm involved with, then I I don't do it. Um, and we we went down, you know, I went down this journey, you know, with these with these men and finally got healthy enough that, okay, God did not take me from where I was to where I am now just so I could be happy, right? It's like, so now I got to do something with it. And then that's what, you know, took me into that's what took me into more of a more of a mentor myself and more of a, you know, a leader, so to speak. Gotcha. Wow. What a beautiful story, man. Thanks for sharing. So, now with the ministry, what are you kind of overseeing and then how are you helping? I'm presume obviously like you said, substance abuse, similar role that you probably went through and kind of giving back through that, right? Yeah, there's a lot of that. Um, so we meet uh we meet weekly in person. Uh there's a group of us and we range from from 30 to 70 people just depending on you know the eb and flow of of of what's going on you know in the world with people's lives. And we help people with cuz whether it's substance uh you know it's alcohol, it's drugs, it's depression, it's pornography, it's you know there's so many different things that can keep us you know kind of trapped in in bondage. So it's it's getting to the underlying root of that you know and most people it's like what's your what's your identity? So in our world um we believe that you know you are a you are a child of God and you uh when you are born again you are you take on the identity of Jesus Christ himself. So, how do how do I take a broken person down this journey to where they can have a similar experience to the one that I had to where it doesn't take words. It's not quantifiable by a thesis statement. It's just you just know it, you know, and um so that's that's what we that's what we try to do. I don't highlight the I don't you know, obviously some people have more severe issues than others that that require, you know, mental health, you know, treatment. They require, you know, extended stay rehab facilities, you know, and all of those things. But I don't, you know, walk into an AA meeting, hi, my name is Will and I'm an alcoholic. You are absolutely not an alcoholic. You are a person that has a problem with alcohol. Stop making people identify for the things that they're doing wrong and encourage them and equip them to identify with things that are going to motivate them and move them along in a positive direction in their life instead of keeping them in this box. they know that they got changing that identity um because it is critical uh you know we don't even realize um the subconscious damage that's done all the way from our childhood until we're adults through the subconscious and you don't even recognize it until it comes up um right I mean to give you a perfect example because I started hypnosis hypnotic reprogramming and that was last year 2020 I call it 2023. Um, and wow, like I don't even know where to start with it other than I had no idea that this thing can work. Um, you know, tapping into the subconscious and reprogramming it so that way your conscious can can work with it. But, you know, I learned so many things from why I had such a hard time asking people for help, why um I thought things would always be hard for me, why um I felt I was an underachiever, like all these things that were very identifiable and subconscious in the brain that were then showing up and then like self-prophesizing and regurgitating itself and over again to keep you in the same spot. completely subconscious so you don't even realize it's happening. Um, right. And so we're where it all identified. I mean, we literally will to give you an example like why I have hard time asking people for help. I mean, not so much anymore, but it still comes up a bit, but why and where it started. It literally started like in hypnosis. We figured it out. We took it to when I was 8 years old riding in the back of my mother's Suburban after she picked me up from uh school, right? Elementary school. And my brother and sister were in the seat, right? Three seats. They were in the second seat. And my mom was leaving my dad at that point. And so we drove past our house and I started freaking out and screaming and what's going on? And then my brother and my sister started picking on me and telling me, you know, shut up. don't ask for help. You know, you're gonna be fine. Just relax and show. And they and then that exemplified. So from that moment forward, I stopped asking people for help, right? And I just said, I'll do it on my own. Make sense? I had no idea. Wow. And this is Yeah. Identified in hypnosis. We reprogrammed it, sent it out. But it's the craziest thing, man. I never even thought that that stuff was possible. You got to get with a clinical hip h a clinical hypnotist I guess. Yeah. Someone that's that knows what they're doing. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Not the uh not the sideshow guy who's Yeah. No, you know. No, for sure. The guys that are up on stage to do funny stuff. Yeah. That's that that's cute, but that's not how it works. No, you need a clinical hypnotist that knows how to reprogram. Uh and and then you got to be open to it. Quite honestly, you can't right fight it. So, you got to allow yourself Yeah. Some people say, "I can't be hypnotized." Well, that's because you're not actually allowing your body to settle and and you're fighting it the whole time. So, you got to allow you to drop uh and just kind of be vulnerable, I guess I would say. Um, but it's wild. It works when you let it happen. It's crazy. Um, but it's that's a tremendous I have people obviously it's No, I've I've heard others say the same. Uh what I what I like to have people do is oh excuse me. So think about like you didn't get to where you're at today overnight, right? And the same thing happens with bad things. You typically don't get to the place that I got to overnight, right? It's a series of of minutes that lead to days that habits that that form. Um, and often times to to your point, there are memories that you you suppress or you don't remember or you just get older and you forget things or whatever. So I take I take individuals down a journey where we take blocks of time, you know, it's in write down every memory that you can have that that you have, you know, good or bad, right? And we do zero to five, five to 10, 10 to 15, you know. And we do that all the way through up until where they're at now. So if they're 50, then that's where we stop. If they're 60, that's where we stop. And then we began having very, very close-knit, detailed conversations about every single one of these events in their life. And every time it starts to spur other memories and other things because it's never the issue. The issue is never the thing that they put on paper, you know? It's the It's the byproduct of this event that happens that takes place. It's like, "Okay, cool. Now we know what we really need to work on, right? Now we know where your lack of discipline comes from. Now we know why your fear of being loved well comes from. You know, now we know why, you know, you're on your 17th marriage, you know, like we now we can identify these things. Um, you know, there's lots of lots of different ways to Yeah. you know, to help people kind of break free of of of that. For sure. Yeah. And the key is having people open to being able to accept that and and open to learning about themselves, being um self-aware, uh having some self-acountability, um being able to look in the mirror and take responsibility for things and want to better it, right? I mean, that's where it starts. Um that's where it starts. That's the that's the big one. Uh because it is it's like you know uh pastor will you know this is my problem fix it. Okay you know well let's start with doing this doing this doing this and then 3 weeks later you know hey I still have the problem. Well did you do did you do this did this do this? Well no I haven't got around to it yet. Well okay you you have to put in some effort to make yourself better. Have you ever heard the term that um and and this is very true. It's for everybody, including myself and you. We make our decisions, and you're doing it right now, every day for the remainder of your hours today, based on either pain or pleasure, right? Pain or pleasure. Okay? And you'll make a decision when you get off this podcast and you go to lunch, not lunch, do this, do that, finish this task, don't finish that task, go home at this time, don't go home at that time, go to the gym, not go to the gym, do this, do that. You're going to make it based on pain or pleasure. You're just not realizing you're doing it. And if you ask most people, they'll tell you, "Oh, I'm going to I do it on pleasure. Like, I want to get towards something pleasurable. That's why I do a task or complete something or stay disciplined or whatever it is, right?" [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Vast majority of people make their decisions based on pain. Meaning they do it or don't do it, right? Based on pain to avoid something negative, that's why they actually do it. Right. Right. Meaning if there was something that you really wanted to accomplish like what is something you would really like to accomplish that you haven't been able to accomplish yet and it keeps staying on your goals year after year. Will is there something you know um for me is probably the consistency in the gym is the thing that shows up all the time. Is there is there a certain is there a certain weight or metric that you would like to achieve by the end of this year? Um, I give it so little thought uh that I don't I you know and I say that is you know I I just bought I just bought a treadmill uh three weeks ago you know um the I used to run I used to run a lot and I end up getting uh plantar fasciitis in my feet so like I flare up and it and it it hurts to to run on the street um you know like I used to uh that I can blame on Uncle Sam. Uh so right so the the point being is you know you want to do it right it's a motivation and a goal but the pleasure of what you will look like or how you will feel or what your life may be by getting in better shape what you want to accomplish is not enough to make you actually stay consistent with it. Correct. Correct. Yep. Pleasure. And that's the BS. But I'd be willing to bet you that if I said, "Will, you're going to write me a $10,000 check and you're going to mail it to me today and you're going to date it December 31st of 2025 and if you don't hit this, this, this, and this with your physical, I'm cashing that check." Sure. I'd be willing to bet your ass that you would be there. or if there was something other that was super painful to you, whether it was family, kids, other things, something that I could pull away from you and create pain in your life if you didn't accomplish it. I guarantee you'd do it. No different than Yeah. No pain of losing the 10 grand. Yeah. Right. It's a lot of money. No different than um you getting sober, right? There had to be enough pain, something that was there that you didn't want to feel anymore that finally made you pivot, right? Because the pleasure of getting sober probably wasn't enough. You knew you needed to do it. You wanted to do it, but you just didn't do it. But then there had to be enough pain at some point to say, you know what? I I I I can't feel that anymore. I got I got to do this. And then you finally did it. Am I guessing or am I off track? No. No, you're absolutely right. You know, we talk about, you know, what's what's the bottom, right? The bottom is usually that that that pain point. Now, the one thing that we have as human beings is we have the ability to pick up a shovel and make the bottom deeper. Uh but Wow, that's a good quote. That's a good quote. You know, but you're right. Uh like for me, like if if I would like I like statistics, right? And I always said that I wasn't going to be one of those statistics. Um 70% of people that get a first DUI get a second. Really? Right. And then 40% of those that get a second will get a third. Right. The the the ratio of repeating the behavior is up. But I know that if if it didn't stick and it didn't change, the next time that I ended up in handcuffs, I was going to go to prison. There you go. Would have been Is that like a three strikes? No way around it. Yeah. Is that a Not not a three strikes. Not Not necessarily a three strikes thing, but it was just a uh um each time you get something like that, it the consequences multiply. Gotcha. All right. So, first slap on the wrist. Gotcha. It had finally reached a point where you knew that if it comp uh continued, you your ass was going to jail. Oh yeah. Yeah. The second time and I did a little bit, you know, a little bit here and you know with that but you know just just talk about you know in in the con conext context of dollars. Right. My first DOI cost me 10 grand. Yeah. Right. My second one like real dollars cost me about $45,000. But what it also cost me what it also cost me was my car, my job, my home. Right? So at the time, so we're talking 2005 2006, you know, I was making 120 $125,000 a year, right? And gone. So now it's 40, right? Yeah. It's far. far more than that. Not to mention your home equity, everything else. Yeah, it's Yeah, they they and so this uh finally because you remember 2008, 2009, they just held foreclosed properties forever. They finally got around to auctioning that thing off. They auctioned it for $13,000. God. Um I had paid so I was an at that time I was actually an asset manager for a lot of the major banks will um okay so I was the guy behind the computer screens once it got foreclosed um managing assets around the country and then getting them ready for the market again um you know realtors and the whole process. Uh it was wild. It was the wild wild west as you know wild west. Um I do I had just started in the mortgage industry. Um, I became a mortgage broker in 2007. So, I'm the reason I'm the reason the bottom the bottom fell out. It's 100% my fault. You You're right in the heart of that one. Countrywide or Wamu, man. We wrote, man, we watch uh I know you've seen you've seen The Big Short. Yeah. Um, every single one of those those banks that they mentioned in that I wrote loans for every single one of them. Yeah. Countrywide, New Century, like every single one of them. Yeah. No, it was a wild time. If you've been through, and I think it's good if people have. It's actually one of my prerequisites for people that are in the industry is like, dude, have you been through the financial crisis? Uh, and if you haven't, then you need to just beware, you know, and understand how things work and cycles and markets and things because, you know, everything can repeat itself just in a different method, different way. So and much I think it feels like it's it's much faster now you know well the velocity of money changes right and then you you add on that with the speed of media right so because of the way media works right it's it is you're right the velocity is so much faster because the social media it's like boom boom boom and it's out there passed on to 400 million people so yeah the speed of it can can really really go can really go in the fear monger and the fear that can can steamroll happens So, well, I love it, man. So, obviously with the podcast that we have here, abundance to give, I mean, it's it's like perfect in theme because, you know, how has giving to the ministry, giving back to yourself, giving to others and helping with the substance abuse and man and stuff like that, has that created abundance for you? I mean, it fulfillment. Yeah, absolutely. You know what it's consistently helped me do? You know, it goes back to identity, right? You can you can talk to 10 men and you can ask them, you know, who are they? And they'll tell you, you know, real estate investor, I'm a doctor, I'm a lawyer, I'm a mechanic, I'm an all of this. So, you hear what they do do, but you don't know who they are. this being involved in the ministry, you know, helping helping people has helped me just stay grounded into who I am. And part of of who I am is someone who wants to help other people have joy, you know, and get to a place where they're they know their life has meaning and they're more than their paycheck, you know, they're more than they're more than their mistakes. Um so yeah it's so it's it's taxing at times um you know many times you like I I I officiated more funerals in 2024 than I did weddings you know so there is a there is a there is a weight that comes you know that comes with it too um but even in even in that is being able to um you know comfort a family that's experienced a loss because you know they had a family member that just, you know, couldn't break the addiction, you know, um or bought bought something that they thought was something else and that was the last mistake they would ever make, you know. So, even in in in those dark times, there's there's a lot of blessing and there's a lot of opportunity to um to show love, to show to show grace, to be to be a support system. And it's just it's just helped me tremendously. you know, good, bad, or otherwise, you know, I have been put here to help people be better. And you're you're married? I am. We've been married 15 years. We have five children. So, tell me um uh ages of the kids and boy, girl. Uh so 28, 21, 18, nine, and eight. And okay, you you got the gam, my friend. Yeah. Oldest is oldest is a boy and the rest are girls. Okay. Um, what do you want them to say about you at your funeral? Dad loved people. Like that would be like the the overriding theme when they're giving the eulogy, right? Yeah. Uh yeah, that that dad dad loved people. Yep. And because dad loved people, dad did this. And because dad loved people, he did this. And because dad loved me, he did this. Yeah. I would be I would be fine if if that was the only sentence spoken. What would you say is your greatest [Music] fear? That's a good question. We were actually talking about this uh not too long ago. And so let me uh let me go back and I can tell you this with a story because I know what it used to be and I'm not sure that I have much that I am afraid of anymore. Um so I had a serious issue with my esophagus. um that issue with my esophagus turned into a precancerous condition. The doctor said that once it turns to cancer, you got five years before you're in a box. Five years before your life. This was three years ago. Okay. Before your before your death. How did you discover it first of all? Um so I had really bad acid reflux for um for many many many many years and continuously go I wasn't sleeping uh medications weren't working and you know they started doing uh periodic uh endoscopies so they're going in with the camera and they're looking at everything and at one point one of the endoscopies uh endoscopes showed that I had I had this, you know, this bad tissue inside of my esophagus and um start going down a road. Okay, is there a surgery? Is there what? Like how do we fix this? Right? And there I get most of my healthcare from the VA. God bless them. Um they have some challenges there. Um but it was we had agreed that okay, here's the this surgery that we can do. Um, but you got to do these tests to see if you qualify. It was we go in for the last consult consult before the surgery and the surgeon says, "I'm not going to be able to do it for you and here's the reasons why." So, you're just going to have to be very careful. Um, you know, what you eat when you eat, you know, might need to do a liquid diet. There was all these things like listen like my my condition has gotten worse over the last couple years. Every endoscopy shows that the spot is growing. And it was in that moment that I broke down and I realized like what my fear was. My fear was that I was not going to live long enough to see my children grow. Like I I would not be here to walk them down the aisle. I would not be there when they bought their first house. I would not be there to see these milestones that are going to happen. And that fear of of that it it just crippled me. And [Music] um the process that I kind I went through was, you know, like I pray I pray a lot. I read my Bible. I read my Bible a lot. I talk to my counselor a lot. You know, I do all these different things. And you know what what I believe and and what I had to what I said I believed was that our father in heaven is a much better father to them. and would be in my absence than I could ever be. I could say the words, but actually putting it into practical application when faced with an issue was really hard. Um, getting to a place where I could say those words and truly believe them was difficult. And when I did and could truly cry out that I knew that if he decided that I could not be here anymore, my children would be fine. I felt that same peace, that same joy like we talked about earlier, and I was perfectly okay. I was no longer afraid of not being there for them. 30 days later, I get a phone call from the doctor. Hey, we've decided to go ahead and do the surgery. Said, "Okay, interesting." So, calls me up, puts me on the schedule for two weeks later. We get go to the, you know, pre-surgical check-in that morning. He's like, "Hey, I still think that it's kind of risky, so I'm only going to do this part. I'm not going to do the whole thing." Um, you like, "Listen, man. Do whatever you need to do." And then right before they came in with the anesthesia, he says, "Listen, it's worth the risk. If you agree, then I'm going to go all in and I'm going to fix as much as I can." And I said, "Yeah, man. Do your thing. I'm cool either way." So, they knock me out. They roll me back into surgery. They rearrange and make some modifications under the hood and um I woke up and I haven't had reflux since um Wow. the uh the size of you can um obviously diet can change a lot of that too, but but you're right. I mean it's uh you had a condition, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I had a condition that was uh unfortunately it was it was misdiagnosed initially back in 2007. So because it was misdiagnosed they were they were treating it incorrectly and the treatment method actually made it worse. Of course. Of course it was. So, um, once I was able to find a team of doctors that would listen to what I was saying and not just try to throw more medications at me, we were able to get uh, we were able to get to a place where like, okay, cool. It's risky, but we can we can deal with it. Um, and, you know, they they went in, did what they did what they needed to do. And, um, it was on a Tuesday. I got out of the hospital the next morning and I was just so happy that they did it and I felt good and part of the reason I felt good because I had anesthesia. So that was the best night's sleep that I had had in six years, you know. Um but you know, we got home, I took a shower, you know, hobbled into hobbled into church on a Wednesday night like why are you here? You just had major surgery. I was like, there's no place that I would rather be. Um and um yeah, we've been rocking and rolling ever since. But like I said, that was my biggest fear. That was my biggest fear. That's a great story. That's a great story. Well, man, I really appreciate you coming on and taking time. I hope this was great for you, too. And uh going to be incredible for the guests to to listen to this both on audio and then video on YouTube and stuff. And uh but where can people find you that way if they want to kind of reach out and and find you? Yeah. So, uh, we're on YouTube at the willpodcast and on Instagram at iiamwill 904. Uh, you can reach out to me at willc capitalap.com. Uh, and, you know, would love to connect with anybody that, you know, wants to talk wants to talk faith, real estate, bettering yourself, whatever. I'm I'm up to have conversations about everything. Um, you know, one thing before we do jump off of here, Justin, I I do just want to I want to tell one more story and then I'll I'll free up time. So, I meet I meet a lot of people and I meet a lot of people that have, you know, different levels of success than what I've had. Um, I knew that you were a good man when I met you at the airport when we're flying out of Vegas. I had briefly met you the day before. Kate made the introduction. Um, we're sitting in the same terminal. We're taking different flights. Um, sit down. We sit next to each other. You start, you know, we start talking with one another. and you you had your laptop open and you're working and you showed me how you analyze a deal. I don't know if you even remember this. Yeah. Uh like you showed me like this is this is what I do and this is how I do it. Um and not only you know and that's why I love following you and see what you are doing. Um because a lot of times you just never know you know are these people really you know this level of investor that they say they are. Are they really doing the work? or they just repackaging a course that somebody else made or whatever. But it was in that moment that I knew that you were a good man, that you were genuine and you were actually practicing what you teach other people to do. Uh, and I just thought that was amazing and I just wanted to share that with you before we jump off of here. Well, I appreciate that. Yeah. And and I think you're right. There are um, you know, a lot of call it guru chasing and you know, listen, they're trying to better themselves and stuff. And that was one thing I was I I promised myself I never ever wanted to do is and I never felt that I could do it unless I'd actually done it. Um and you hear and then you hear people out there say, "Well, no, no, just get started and do it. You don't actually have to have completed it." And I said, "Well, yeah, I don't know, man. Because I have I have a problem being a fraud, right? I mean, I I just do. I I can't come at it with passion and and con um conviction if I haven't experienced it myself or been around it and seen other people experience because I've been around it. So um it it would just be very very difficult for me to um to come out and and say all this stuff or be this way or teach people this stuff uh if it wasn't truly genuine and authentic. Um, so yeah, because there's people that'll try and teach things, but you can figure it out real quick, right? I mean, you can you can figure it out real quick by just asking a few questions depending on what they're doing and not. Um, and it is what it is. PE people can smell it out pretty good. Um, hopefully, you know, they don't screw people over before they happen. So, Sure. No, I appreciate that. Thank you for sharing that. And um and yeah, that's why I'm I'm super excited to kind of spend some time and look at going to conferences like that, you meet great people. And that's why I pick four or five a year to go to and I and I try and get the best ticket I can to be able to meet folks like you and then go to PBDs and meet folks that are around there and then from there opportunities and connections if you take advantage of them, right? You got to take advantage of them. So postconference, you got to be able to reach out, take two or three people you met and take the maybe take that relationship the next step. Sure. and see what happens absolutely because if you do nothing nothing happens right but try it right and see where and lead with um there was a great guy I had on and I spoke to um Chris Collins I think was his name and he kind of analyzed me in this call because this is what he does for a living and he says Justin like your identity what I'm figuring out and talking to you is you love to lead with service and relationships for you that is more important than the accolades And I said, "Yeah, I feel like I get fulfillment from that." Like I I honestly do. Like if I if I lead with great relationships first in service first, I believe that law of reciprocity will pay itself 10fold. Um and it's it's very true is that yeah, I mean the the money is secondary to me even though it's important. the money secondary to the feeling of servicing and creating a relationship in that, right? Does that make sense? Yeah. No, it makes every relationship, you know, attention is the, you know, the modern day currency, but that if that intention attention does not create relationships, then then it it won't last, right? That's right. It won't last. No, for sure. Yeah. It's good stuff. Well, awesome, man. I appreciate it. [Music]