So, how to buy apartments in the next 90 days and do it with little out- of- pocket capital as you can and really control the deal. And when I say control the deal, what I mean is you're going to become a general partner. Because unless you want to go buy a two, three, $4 million apartment building and do it all with your own money, most people can't do that, right? Most people maybe have 20, 30, 50, you know, 60 grand to invest and they want that money to go as far as it can and get them into something where now they can scale that money. And the way you do that is through what's called syndicating. All syndicating is is a fancy term for collaborating money together. You're taking your money in collaboration with other people's money, OPM, other people's money, and going and buying a multif family apartment building, five units or more. That's all it means. So, a lot of people get, you know, turned off by that term because they don't understand it, but that's all it means. So, okay, here we go. So, my promise really for you this evening is specifically that how can you go buy a 10 to 30 unit apartment deal in the next 90 days and do it with say $20,000 out of pocket? Would that be worth it to you? Would that be worth it to you to learn that and understand it from kind of a high level? Obviously, there's only so much we can put in for the night, but would that be worth it to you? Because I think that's the key to the whole thing is how can you actually go pull this off on your, you know, by yourself, right? with you know you understanding the game of money and how to leverage capital and go buy a 10 to 30 unit apartment building. So that is my promise for you tonight. Quick little disclaimers for you. Uh you're you know you're not going to become an overnight millionaire by getting one apartment building but you are definitely going to be setting yourself up like you'd mentioned earlier building and really for your future self and for your family. Okay, your future self and for your family. Um I did know this in 2008 when I got started. It was right in the midst of the financial crisis. And really during that time, my entire goal was really just to survive, right? Survive the financial crisis, help out my dad who was getting hammered. He lost everything in that moment in time. And we'll kind of go through that a little bit tonight because I'm curious if anybody went through that. And if you did, you know, what did you deal with? Was it good? Was it bad? Um, but we'll touch on that. But I did know I wanted to be a millionaire. And so just simple math for anybody, you know, it's it's that it's $2,379 a day. And if you can make $2,379 a day on average, you can become a liquid millionaire. Now, keep in mind, difference between a liquid millionaire and an asset millionaire, right? Asset millionaire, you have assets, right, that allow you to do that net worth-wise. But liquid millionaire means you got a million bucks liquid. And I knew that that was I'm like, I want that to happen. And currently today, I own about just under a thousand units and about $180 million in assets in five different states throughout the United States. But I will tell you, it started with one condo, literally in 2010, $100,000 condo in the midst of the financial crisis. We put $25,000 down, got a $75,000 loan. It cash flowed beautifully. I mean, for being like a little condo, that's that's the picture of the front door. I mean, it cash flowed beautifully for us for what it was, but it was also playing small ball game. No different than a single family rental. It's fine, but it's still small ball game. And if you're trying to get to where you want to go and have that financial freedom, have that passive income, have that time with family, you have to be able to scale your money in combination with other people's money to really go. So that way you have all of this capital that you're trying to achieve for you and your family to get to where you want to go. Get to where you want to go. Just to kind of reiterate on the 2008 financial crisis, there's a little picture of me as young Justin. Um, but yeah, I watched my dad go through a massive bankruptcy. You know, he had been through three different cycles leading up to the financial crisis. Made it through all of them. But, you know, as everybody remembers, if you went through that time, it was vicious, right? It was vicious. And you couldn't catch it. No matter how fast you moved, you couldn't catch it. when you had falling prices that were just tumbling in leverage debt that was going through the roof, the party's over. And so he went through a pretty difficult time. I helped him consolidate a lot of his stuff at that time. Um and then, you know, moved on to becoming an asset manager, but that was a pretty incredible time. It taught me so much about um not to overlever, that cash flow is king. Um, and that's why apartments kind of came into the mix because my dad was really good at building and selling things. Building and selling things. He would build apartment buildings. He would build condo buildings. He'd build build single family home subdivisions. And he did very, very well for himself. He'd make a ton of money, but he'd also lose a ton of money because it was very cyclical. As the markets went, so did the income because of the type of real estate he was in. It was always the build and sell, build and sell, build and sell. where you can make a lot of money, but that also makes you very susceptible to market cycles. So in 2008, that's what happened. And then from 2008 to 2010, I became an asset manager for a lot of the major banks. Third party asset management company, you helping out Fanny May, Freddy Mack, EMC, Chase, Countrywide, I mean the list goes on. WAMU at that time, handling all the foreclosures for them around the country and disposing of those assets and selling them behind the scenes. And I did that for two years until I realized the game was really in the short sale game. So, I had I was my I was a real estate broker at that time. I jumped out and started doing an enormous amount of short sales. But we also realized we need to buy property, you know, because I know that that what do they say? Um uh the best time to buy property is when there's blood in the street. Even if it's your blood. Even if it's your blood. Because my blood was in the street, but I just knew we had to buy. And I didn't have a lot of capital. I mean, literally, I had $11,000 in my bank account the day I went and sat down with my buddy Chris. And I went to Chris and I said, "Chris, here's the deal. I don't have a bunch of money. I can't I can't go put down the 25,000 for this condo rental. I can't pull the loan because I don't have the credit. My credit's crap right now. Um, but I can find the deals. I can put them together. I can analyze them and make sure they're good deals. I can manage them once we own them. I can do everything. I'll run everything." So, what that that's called sweat equity, right? Sweat equity. And he was going to bring the check equity, which is the capital. And so he agreed. He brought in the 25,000. He signed on that first loan. I went and found the deal, put it together, managed it, ran it, did everything. And for that, we we split our company 50/50. And that is how our company was founded in 2010 with a $100,000 condo in the midst of the financial crisis. And that is where it went. And then in 2018, this is kind of when I began to learn the game of OPM and syndicating and understanding other people's money and how to collaborate correctly and how to leverage little capital to go big. little capital to go big. Little little little uh I'll I'll preface this by the way. And let me go back to that home. Hold on because this is really funny. Um when I was a realtor in my realtor days, um you know, we did a lot of videos and did a lot of stuff and you had to catch some blooper videos, right? You always get the blooper videos and this is one specifically I found the other day. I thought it was hilarious, so I thought I would share with everybody. So, here we go. family home in North Pacific Beach at a fantastic bash. Let's do that again. Good. Is this the thing in check or Okay. Hi, this is Justin Brennan with no HOAs. You're in between Pacific Beach and La Hoya. It's a good family home, good location, great neighborhood, and that's pretty much it. Click the message me button below and I'll get right back to you. Any other final things you want to throw on there? I'm sweating like a dog right now. There you go. Um, that was my realtor days because I was a I was a luxury realtor for about 10 years and enjoyed it. Made a lot of money. Did very very well. But I also knew that I wanted to own the properties, not just transact them. I didn't want to be a middleman helping simply buyers and sellers do that. That was great. Enjoyed it. But I knew the game was really in owning the properties and that's why we started buying assets and holding on to them and growing our portfolio at that time until I got to a point where I said enough is enough. You know, I want to go full-time into it and leave the realtor space. And when I made that decision for me, you know, it was in 2021, 2021, I'd finally made a decision. I'm going to go and I'm going to go 100% all in and just go for it. Because we had had a small portfolio at that time. Right? We'd had a small portfolio because we went from one unit in 2010 to 20 units in 2018 and we're doing okay, but I knew we wanted to go and do much more, but we were running out of our own money. So now the question became, how do you do more? How do you get to that space? And that's kind of where the game of syndicating comes in. Okay, so in 2018, 20 units, $3 half million in assets. Now I needed to learn this game of OPM and other people's money and syndicating. And how do you do this? How do you do this when especially with a lot of people, you have the limiting belief system that you need a ton of money. You have a limiting belief system that deals are hard to find and they're scarce. And then you have a limiting belief system that experts only and you have to be an expert to get into this space of multifamily, right? Because it's different than single family and residential. So, we're going to NYX all of those tonight, and I'm going to walk through each of them and show you why that's not the case and how you need to think differently with a different mindset to get to where you want to go. Because absolutely, every single person on this webinar can absolutely do this. 100% down. Because when I went to a conference in 2018 and saw the people in the room that were having a lot of success, I said to myself, if they can do it, I can do it. I mean, because I'm no brainiac scientist and if they're pulling it off and having all the success, they just learned a skill set and then they went for it, right? They got to the edge of the cliff after they learned it and they went for it and they made they made the house show up and that's the whole key to the entire thing. So, I'm going to walk through that tonight. Uh the previous slide you were asking Sean, this one here regarding the one unit one unit 2010 to 20 units and 3.5 million. I think that's the one you're talking about. So, that is that one. And then this one here, which is in 2018, we had that and then we went to a thousand units where we're at today and about $180 million in assets. And that's where we sit at with five states around the country. And we had to scale, but that's how you did it. And I'm going to walk through that this evening. So, and watch and show you exactly how you can do it, too, based on where you're at. I mean, literally, if you have 20, 30, $50,000 to invest and you have to have some capital, you know, you have this great facade out there in the marketplace that you don't need any money. And that's just hogwash. It's hogwash. Okay. Um, I appreciate the gurus trying to teach you that. And they're not lying, per se. They're just not being it's not realistic. Okay? You have to have some capital in the game if you're going to do this and do this correct way. It doesn't have to be a lot, but it needs to be some. So, beautiful. Let's keep going. So mindset, this is kind of where we're going to shift you tonight. And I hope you'll understand this when we get through this after we kind of dispel some of these false belief patterns that a lot of people have about multifamily commercial real estate getting into this game if you have limited capital. So how can you buy a 10 to 30 unit apartment building in the next 90 days with $20,000 out of pocket? How can you do that? Here's how you make it happen. Okay, you have to get past this belief pattern number one that you need a lot of money to get started. So, we're going to get through that and we're going to dispel it. You have to get past this belief pattern that multif family is too complex and it's for experts only. And then the last belief pattern that most people have you need to break through is the deals are hard to find. They're too hard to find. The market's oversaturated. I can't find a deal. So, we're going to break through those. Okay, here we go. So belief number one, I need a lot of money to get started. So let me just break down a simple deal. Let's say this was a 15 unit apartment deal selling for $100,000 per unit. So $100,000 a unit times 15 units. That's where I get the price of 1.5 million. Okay. Let's presume we're going to renovate it, right? We're going to improve the property and renovate it to make it nicer, get better rents, just make the property better. We're going to put in $100,000 and do that. This is closing cost. That's what CC stands for. So our all-in cost on this 15 unit apartment deal is a,650. And this would be somewhere outside of California, outside of New York. It would be out of the coastal markets and high tax states. Somewhere probably anywhere between Arizona, Nevada, anywhere in the Midwest of the United States, up into the East Coast, Midwest, upper Midwest. Okay? Any of that stuff. That's where you're going to find properties like this. Somewhere where between you can buy between 50,000 a unit and about 150,000 a unit. Okay? Because that's going to be your target zone when you're trying to do this. But 15 unit deal, million5, here's your total cost in you're all in at a million 650. So this is how the financials break down on that deal and how you put the capital together. You're going to get a loan from a bank, ideally local commercial bank or Fanny or Freddy May or Fred Freddy Mack. And we show you all that stuff how to do that. Just understand that's how you get your loan. And it's going to be about a 65 to 70% loan to value. So based on the on the total cost in, right, million650, you're going to be getting a loan for about a million150. 70% loan to cost loan to value. And that's how you're going to take it down. Now, getting that 70% loan, mind you, you may be saying to yourself, well, I can't pull down a million one loan. You're not going to. Remember, you're in commercial loans now. This is why you're here tonight. You're not dealing with residential loans where they underwrite you personally, your tax returns, your credit, your background, your everything, your income, right? They're not doing that. They're taking the property's income, the property's financials, the property's credit, the property's everything. They're looking at the property because it's its own operating business. And because of that, the bank can use that business to substantiate the loan and make sure that loan payment is made by the property and by all the tenants. You following me? Now, you have a million150 as your loan. You have $500,000 left over. Well, this is how this breaks down. You remember I said in the beginning, you're going to be the general partner. You're the person that's kind of found the deal. You put it together. You're organizing it. You're kind of running the show. You're controlling it. You have control of the property, all the decision- making, everything. And you're going to be bringing in about 10% of the money. And for that, you're going to be getting about 30 to 40%. 30 to 40% of the deal. And I'm going to show you that in a minute. OPM, that stands for other people's money. This could be seller financing, creative financing, private lenders, friends and family, our community that deals that deals with deals, our fund that also invests and partners with people in deals. All the above. That's OPM. So, you're talking about 495,000 bucks coming from OPM. You're bringing in 10%, they're bringing in 90. Uh Eddie, great question. Eddie had asked the question, "What are the most profitable properties, class A, B, C, or D?" Well, first of all, Eddie, I want you to take D properties and throw them out the window because you're never going to buy them, and I'm I'll never let you. Okay, so that's number one. Uh, the most profitable ones are actually your class B. And let me tell you why. Let's take CO as a perfect example. During COVID, everybody stopped paying rent, right? because they were told they could. However, if you looked at all the asset classes and which ones performed best, the A's, right, people stopped paying rent. They did okay, but people more more people stopped paying rent, but then they figured it out and they got through it. The C properties, they were they had higher occupancy, like more people stayed in them, but they weren't paying rent in them. Follow me? Whereas the B properties, the actual returns and that cash collected, right? delinquencies and the money collected and the performance of those properties was much better during COVID and is much better than most recession periods than any other asset class. So when I say class B, what I mean by that for everybody in here, when people talk apartments and they talk multifamily, they usually put them in classes. A, B, C, or D. Take the D's. Don't worry about them. You're never going to buy them. So class C property is typically agebased. So 1960s to about 1980s. Class C, a few amenities, not much. Basic property, you know, 1960s through 1980s. Class B is going to be a 1980 property up to about probably 2005. And it's going to have some amenities. Maybe it has a gym or a pool or something like that, clubhouse, something with some amenities, and it's going to be in that age bracket. That's going to make it a class B. And then a class A is all your new construction. Okay? So, that's how they break it down without getting into crazy details. So, but just you're aware of that. Okay? Your class B properties are always historically going to perform better. I I always say it's the saying of you want to be Walmart surrounded by Neiman Marcus, J. C. Penney, and Nordstrom. And I want you to think about that statement for a minute. You want to be Walmart and Target. Walmart and Target surrounded by Nean Marcus, J C Penney, and Nordstrom. You want to be the Bclass surrounded by all the A's. You want to be the B-class building surrounded by all the A's. They call it the ugliest duckling on the block, right? That's why they always tell you you want to buy the ugliest property in the best neighborhood. Why? Because you know the upside is there. And you also know you're always going to be full. Think about it. Target and Walmart, they do well in recessions. Why? Because everybody has to shop there. Even rich people. They do well in normal markets. Why? Because everybody's still shopping there. They're always full and they're always generating revenue. So they will perform better than anybody. That's your class B properties. So, okay, let's keep going. So, here's the cool thing. As the general partner in the deals, you get fees, right? It's all very standard process when you're putting these deals together. One of the first fees that you get literally at the close of escrow is what's called an acquisition fee. An acquisition fee. Has anybody heard of that before? Thumbs up if you have, thumbs up down if you have not, thumbs sideways if you're like, I have no idea. Doesn't matter. What's called an acquisition fee? So, what that is is this. You put the deal together. You found it. You're organizing it for you and your investors. you're doing all this hard work to put it together. So you get an acquisition fee. So you're bringing in 10% of the money. You're getting 40% of the deal plus you're getting an acquisition fee of typically 2 to 3%. So let's for simple math say it's only 2% that you're getting on this deal. So follow me here. The price of the property is a million5. 2% of a million5. 2% of a million5 is 30k. So literally you're bringing in 50,000 bucks. Okay? Follow me here. You're bringing in 50,000. You're getting a $30,000 acquisition fee coming out of that deal literally at the close of escrow. So, your real out of pocket is what? $20,000. That's your true out of pocket in that deal. That's the true out of pocket. Okay? And that's what needs to be followed because this is how you literally go buy a 15-unit apartment building, okay? 15 unit apartment building and you do it with limited out-of- pocket capital like 20 grand. You bring in 50, you get 30 out. So you're rolling only out of pocket 20, right? Makes sense. And there that's how you do it. I mean that's the first step. So this is like kind of a highlevel look at it. Obviously there's a lot of nuance. That's fine. But that's why you would learn in more detail, but I'm trying to give you the summary of how it actually breaks down. So let's keep going. So belief pattern number one that you need a lot of money to get started. Okay. If you found, let me ask you this. If you found a 20 unit, and everybody in here, chime in in the chat on this answer. If you found a 20-unit apartment building that made financial sense, when I say made financial sense, I mean it's going to return 15, 18, 20% a year on your money and your investors and you did it in the next 90 days, could you get access to 20 to $50,000 to make that deal happen? Could you do that? Um, Ros had asked, can you use angel investors or just self? Uh, Rosa, um, so when you say angel investors, what that mean? That's OPM. That's other people's money. So, to answer your question, yes, you can use other people's money in conjunction with yours because you're only bringing in 10% of the money. Remember on that last deal I just showed you, it's only 10% of the money. It's only 10% of the money. Okay? You're only bringing in 10% of it. Like, if I went back and showed you that right here, okay, you're bringing in 50k. This is where your angel investors or you call it angel investors. It's called OPM. It's investors. Okay? So that's how that breaks down. So that belief pattern. So if you can pull that off, here's the good news. So you're coming in with 20K to 50K. You're getting 40% of the deal. You get an acquisition fee of $30,000. You're getting paid five to eight ways. Mind, I'm not even talking about the other ways yet you get paid. This is just way number one. So the belief pattern that you need a lot of money to get started, that's not true. And I just showed you. And that's just one way, right? But it's really really key that you kind of take that and throw it out the window. What you need to get started, what's most important, I'd say the number one thing is what? Finding good deals. And we're going to get to that as to why that belief pattern, right, and how you find good deals is not I mean it's it's the hardest thing to do, but the most important thing to do because money will chase good deals. If your deal is not a good deal, the money is not you're not going to have it's not going to be easy to raise money. If your deal is a good deal, raising money is not hard. Because if I came to every single person on this webinar tonight and I said, "Hey, who here knows anybody that if you I showed you this 15 unit apartment deal and it was based on all the numbers, you felt confident it was going to produce 15 to 18 20% a year on your money and it was a minimum $25,000 to get in that deal. Who do you know that may have interest?" Most of you in here would be like, "Yeah, I may or maybe I know somebody. Can you send me some information?" and my response to you then is going to be great. I'm going to send you the pitch deck and that pitch deck is going to break it down. Okay? And we'll get into that here in a bit. So, let's move on to belief pattern. False belief pattern number two that multif family is too complex and it's for experts only because that one is a lot of people have the imposttor syndrome. I mean, trust me, I had it before I flew out to that syndication conference in 2018 and sat in that room with 3,000 other investors. I'm like, man, this seems just too complicated. I don't know how to put them together, find them, raise the money. Like, I didn't know any of this stuff. I I can't I grew up in real estate. I still didn't know it. Okay. So, I had to go through that. But you had you soon realized that no, you can do it. You just need to learn the skill set, right? You need to learn the skill set. It's extremely valuable skill set. But let's work through that one for you. So, all the people at least in our community, both our free communities and the people that get into community mentorships, trust me, they're not experts either. They started from nothing. All these folks are in different industries. Most of them 9 to5 and then some own different businesses and stuff. Some are realtors turned into investors. All the above, right? But they they they started with that belief pattern. And I'm going to give you some specific examples. Some of them funny that they started, but then they realized, you know, I can pull this off. I can do this, too. Okay, I can do this, too. I mean, the process, it may seem intimidating at first. it was to me. But it's really about following a step-by-step blueprint rather than knowing every intricate detail of finance or law, right? Finance or law to how to pull this off. You need something that breaks down every step in an actionable, understandable parts that empowers you to navigate the market confidently. Even if you're starting from scratch, right? Even if you're starting from scratch, would you agree with that statement? Right? It seems intimidating at first. Most things do, right? Most things do. But once you understand it and you have a step-by-step blueprint, makes it a lot easier. So, I'm going to give you an example of AKUS. She's one of the people in our community, English is her second language and she's in the medical field, not even in real estate, didn't grow up in it, but she had to understand it and but she figured it out. She was not an expert and this was her thoughts. So, as soon as I listened to the crash course, I got hooked. It was It was so funny because that one is a small course. Um, however, I think I shared with you before that one of the parts that I enjoy the most is that you simplify language for many of us and English is my second language. So, I really enjoy the way that you were teaching and and in this and being able to kind of explain the complex details and nuance in a layman's term simple format to where it actually resonates. Is that what I'm gathering? Correct? Because there is a lot of terminology out there for real estate that seems very intimidating especially for those who are new to the real estate, right? Um, investment business and you made it so easy and simplify it in a way that for me resonates. It reminded me a little bit of the Rich Dad Poor Dad book. It's like I will take that compliment. I mean, can any of you relate with her in terms of what she had to go through, right? Can any of you relate with her in terms of what she went through? Because I don't know for how many people in here maybe English is your second language or immigrated to the United States with your family, don't really have any real estate background in medical fields or other fields and but you're trying to learn it, trying to understand it, trying to take it to the next level. But chime in in the chat if this kind of resonates with anyone in here that you're in the same spot, right? In terms of the complexity and thinking that it's too complex for you to you to take on. And if not, that's great because that's the mindset we need you to have. And to take Steve, he's a contractor, right? Literally general contractor in the upper Midwest. His first deal was in Cleveland, Ohio, 39 unit. No background in real estate. Did construction, but no background in real estate. It was not too complex for him. But I I loved his story. Super stoked for you. Everybody give Steve a clap. So, 30 39 units. That was the Cleveland deal we were talking about. How many stories is that thing? It's four stories. Uh a little over 40,000 square feet with 4,000 square feet of commercial space. Right. Very challenging property. Is that the one you're getting the tax uh advantages on and all that stuff too? Tax 100% tax. Yeah, he got a 100% tax abatement on that thing because the the city of Cleveland in an opportunity zone really wanted this thing redeveloped and they came in. He got a screaming deal on it. So much so that three other um people in our community ended up investing alongside him in that deal. Loved it. So he raised that capital no problem. Why? Because the deal was a good deal. So the key is finding good deals. All right. So I hope we're helping with this belief pattern that you you know it's too complex and for experts only because none of these people are experts. Brian is one of my favorite uh recent stories. He's he's got a dog training company and his first deal he bought in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 22 unit in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Wasn't too complex for a dog walker. And what I loved is when he posted on social media the day he closed Yeah, stories like that. And there's obviously tons more, but these are just some folks that kind of went through this. Does anybody know who Ken Moy is? If you see Ken, you know his photo. If you've seen him around, chime in in the chat if you know who Ken Maroy is. This is key because this is someone who's a major player in the industry. um over $3 billion in in properties he owns in his portfolio, but he bought his first investment property in 1990 while he was a freshman in college. No previous experience, right? No previous experience. Today, three billion bucks, 9,000 units in five states, regarded as one of the gurus of the industry. So Ken's a great guy, right? And he's doing his portfolio and doing his thing, which I love. So that's what it's all about. That's what it's all about. Love it. Now, do you know any of these faces? Anybody in these photos that you recognize? Whether that's Beardy Brandon, you know, Beardy Brandon, or you got Ryan Pana, Carlos Reyes, apartment rockstar, who's uh incredible as well, and then uh you got Mr. Uncle G there, Mr. Grant Cardone. Like him or not, he's obviously had a lot of success. But none of these were experts either, right? None of them started necessarily jumping right out, coming from real estate, being in it. They had to start. They had to learn it and they had to grow through it. And that's the whole thing. You have to get through that mindset that it's too complex because it's just not. Anybody can pull this off. You just need to learn the skill set. You got to learn the skill set. Okay. So, the belief pattern that multif family is too complex and experts only. We're going to nick that one tonight. Fair enough. Thumbs up if you agree. We can throw that one out the window because I need you to understand that. It's really, really key that you believe that if you knew this stuff and you understood it and you learned it that you could pull this off. I mean, would you agree that if you actually knew how to do this a toz that you could go pull this off and you'd have the drive to go pull it off for yourself because that's the key factor. Everybody can do it, but you need to know what you're doing. And then the next question is, okay, great. So, you can go out on YouTube and you can watch YouTube. Not a problem. You can learn a lot on YouTube. You can learn a lot everywhere and you can learn it for free. The information is not necessarily where the value is at, right? It's not necessarily where the value is at. The value is in how you apply it, what you do with the information and how you're doing it. Because there's a lot of nuance in the information. I'm sure you would agree. And you can watch as many courses and videos and anything you want, but at the end of the day, unless you have somebody that's really kind of guiding you through it as a as a sounding board, walking you through the different stages of buying an apartment building and making sure you're not making mistakes and taking time, right, collapse time and collapse mistakes to get you to the point you want to go. That's what it's all about. That's what it's all about. Okay? So, you have sweat equity. Remember, I mentioned that in the beginning because that's what I gave to our company, right? And then you have the cash equity. So I want you to ask yourself this question for you. Which do you have? Which do you have? Do you have both? So chime in in the chat if you have access to both. Right? If do you have $100,000 plus to invest? And now if you own if you know the knowledge, if you have the skill set, now you have the sweat equity side and you have the cash equity. So now you have both. You're very, very powerful. You're borderline unicorn because a lot of people have one or the other. And so they're having to bring one or the other to the table. But if you have access to both and you have sweat equity and cash equity, very very very powerful. Okay. Very very very powerful. Both rather do sweat. Love it. Love it. Rosa. Yeah. And in uh they call it earned equity, but the sweat equity is very very very important. Is just as important as the cash equity. Okay. Okay. So belief, false belief pattern number three, that deals are hard to find and the market is oversaturated. Does anybody believe that right now in the market today that deals are too hard to find and that the market is oversaturated and deals don't make sense? Chime in if you believe that that's the case. Currently in the market today, even with higher interest rates, the deals are hard to find and the market is oversaturated and they're not good deals. Okay. Some people do, some people don't. Yeah, just not sure how to find them, Brian. Understood. Yep. Deals are hard to find. Gotcha. And And you're right, because I can guarantee you that if you're going online to loopnet, kxie.com, co-star, any of these websites and trying to find good deals, it's going to be hard. You're going to think deals are hard to find and you're going to think the market's oversaturated because all you're doing is fighting for leftovers. That's all you're doing. because the ones on the websites only represent about maybe at most 40% of the actual inventory that's selling more than 60 plus% 70% of the inventory is pre-market offmarket and everybody here knows this you know this you know that it's direct to broker or direct to seller let's talk about that so direct to broker andor direct to seller owner that is the two ways you find deals however this direct to broker approach, you can use the on market, right? Because the agents are listing them on these websites. They're telling you, "Hey, look at me. I have listings. I'm a market maker in this area." So then now what? For every deal I have on that website, I probably have three that are not. So you should probably consider building a relationship with me because that pre-market and offmarket is a critical component to actually finding and getting enough deal flow. That's premarket, offmarket, inventory. It's a critical piece and that's like the number one way we teach because that's the number one way I learned because I knew that if I was going to get and find good deals I could use the website. So I went on Crexy just to give you an idea. I went on Crexy to find our first offmarket 27 unit. I went on Crexy and I found three properties in Kansas City, Missouri. And those three properties I there were three different brokers representing them. I made calls to each of them. I told them I was going to be flying out there in a couple weeks. I'd like to tour the properties if they're still available and meet them and I went through the little song and dance on the phone and then set up the appointments and then I flew out there and my entire trip when I was there for 3 days was basically reconnaissance because I was looking at these three deals. I was meeting brokers, building a little bit of rapport. I was leveraging the brokers to get access to a few property management companies I could interview in the area and then those property management crews gave me access to some renovation construction guys that could do work on the properties. So now I had my own little team built all within a three-day trip to Kansas City. And everybody can do that. That's the process that we teach. Especially if you're going to be doing stuff out of state. If you're lucky enough to do it in your backyard, great. If you live in a market currently that's in a good market, that's for it's perfect for this stuff. Then you don't need to do stuff out of state or out of area. You can do it right in your backyard. Okay? Right in your backyard. But that's the two approaches of direct to broker, direct to seller. So, the fact that deals are hard to find and the market's oversaturated, it's just not the case. Okay? If you do it alone, deals are hard. If you do it alone, deals are hard. You need to be doing it together. So, that's the process of the direct to broker and the direct to owner approach. And I'm going to kind of touch on each of them here. Okay. So, what if you found a community of other investors that were doing deals around the United States where you could learn insider techniques to equip you with the skills to uncover offmarket gems by using brokers in their market listings and where you could see deals that others miss, proving that the market is ripe for potential for prepared investors that don't have to do it alone, right? What if you found that? What if you found a community of investors that was doing that? That's how you're going to get access and learn this process of the direct to broker approach. That's step one because there's only two ways to find deals. Direct to broker or direct to seller owner. That's it. There's not like 15. We try and keep it really simple. Direct to broker or direct to owner. And we try and attack both of them in our own ways. So now the direct to owner approach. So, we have developed a software that launched recently that we have that's specifically set up to go find direct to owners, gives you access to 150, 160 million properties in the United States, and let you market to them, do skip tracing, sell numbers, text messaging, emails, all the above, and all the data on the property. It will run AI on top of it and give you likelihood they're going to sell in the next amount of time and run all kinds of other algorithms. It can do all kinds of stuff. I'll show you a little bit of it this evening briefly. But that's how we've attacked the direct owner approach because going to the websites isn't going to work. You got to go pre direct owner and a software can help you do that, right? Software can help you do that. So direct to broker and direct to owner. Cali, well Rosa, if you're in Cali, so we have an office in California and San Diego. We invest a little bit in California. You just need to be tactful. You need to live in California if you're going to invest in California. You can't live out of California and try and invest in. Um Houston is only a good market if you live there, Ken. It's only good because there is such nuance with that market, especially with insurance and flooding and all kinds of other things. You just want to be very very tactful in Houston. Texas is a great market. We're in Texas, but Houston, part of Texas obviously it's um you want to live there in order to invest there. That's my recommendation. Okay, that's my recommendation. Uh Dallas, rock and roll, great market. Dallas Fort Worth, any of that megaplex area is awesome. Um Pennsylvania is great market. We have a lot of people in our community investing in Pennsylvania. Um you know, anywhere in the upper Midwest, you know, Indiana, Kentucky, um u Ohio, any any of those markets, Tennessee, you know, Alabama, I mean, the list keeps going on. Mississippi, I mean, all those are great worth. Fort Worth, great market. the belief that deals are hard to find and the market's oversaturated. And if you do it alone, the deals are hard. So, the key is this. You have to do it together. You have to do it together because that's how you're going to get access to these pre-market deals direct to broker and direct to owners. So, I want to kind of crush that belief pattern that deals are hard to find and the market is saturated because it's just not. You just need to know where to look and you need to have tools and systems in order to help you do it. That's how you find good deals. I get deals across our database all the time. We have a pe we have a a group of people scouring the United States using our software going direct to owner teeing up what we call our deals on demand program right that we'll divvy out based on certain parameters to people in our community that are prevetted deals like we've run them through our financials our proformas all that stuff and they pencil and we're either going to do them oursel or we'll hand them off to people in the community one of the two but yeah they're fantastic and so that's how you're going to do it right you need to have tools and systems and community to you're not doing it alone and you have that in Nice. So single family versus multif family and all we're just briefly, you know, pushed through this. You know, monthly cash flow is great. Profits at sale and refinance are great. You're getting paid five to eight different ways. Remember I said that. So the main way first of all is the acquisition fee. Then you're getting all these other fees that get built into the deal that you're earning money through asset management, the tax benefits. Obviously these fees when you sell it, you're getting finders fees, construction management fees, all the above. Uh Roy asked, "Which cities are more favorable for landlords in the event of evicting a tenant." Uh any states that are not blue states, Roy, any states that are not blue states. Um to kind of simplify it, right? So any states that are not blue states. And that not that's not even political. It's just understanding that there's landlord tenant laws in place in those states that um are highly favorable to the tenants and not landlords. You're just looking for fairness. That's what you're looking for. Fairness in the market. Fairness in the market. Okay. So, now I want to show you I'm going to give you a case study real quick. How, and this is literally a deal I did. A 31 unit and I was 19,000 bucks out of pocket. And how we pulled it off and ran the entire deal. Okay? How we ran the entire deal. So, watch this. I'm going to break this down. 31 unit. We bought it for a million525. We put in about $400,000 to renovate that property. Closing cost of about 200,000 bucks and change. We were all in at 2.1 million bucks. All in for 31 units. We went out and got a loan, a million5 loan. This loan was easier than getting a $200,000 house loan because the property's financial substantiated that loan. The property paid the bank, right? They paid the bank. I was I was borderline irrelevant in that process. They want to know who you are. They do some basic stuff on you, but it's all about the property. Okay. So, now we had to bring in about 645,000 bucks. That was our down payment into the deal. 30%. I brought in 64K. 64,000 bucks came from me. That's 10%, right? 10% from me. 90% came from about seven people. We had about seven other investors OPM in this game. Okay? And even the seller stayed in this thing on the back end. So, we had a combination a little bit of seller financing, then we had the rest with some friends and family, and we pulled that deal together. Now, here's the cool thing. Remember about the acquisition fees I talked about, right? We got an acquisition fee of about 45,000 bucks. So my out of pocket was 19 grand, right? 64,45 64,45 $19,000 out of pocket. Okay, $19,000 out of pocket. And that way we were controlling a 31 unit apartment deal in the Midwest, multi-million dollar deal. Now the question is like what did I get, right? What did I get for that 19 grand out of pocket, right? Keep in mind, my money is still earning money in there at 64K, but $19,000 because the acquisition fee, it's like Peter to pay Paul, we got out of the deal the day we closed escrow. So, that's critically important. Has everybody followed this so far? Do you understand? Because I've kind of now reiterated this acquisition fee and kind of shown you how it works and breaking down the financials of how you'd actually take a deal down, both loan and down payment. So, the question is, what did I get for that? Like, what did I earn? How much money did I make on this deal? Okay, how much money did I make on this deal? 31 units. 24 months later, 24 months later, we'd increased the value of the property cuz we renovated it. Remember, we put in 400 grand in renovations. We renovated all the units, both interior and exterior, and put in about 400 grand into that deal. So, we now took the property from where it was at to 3.6 million bucks. So, now we were able to do a refinance on it because now we had a higher value and pull cash out of the deal, hence the name cash out refinance. So, we pulled out a $2.5 million $2 half million loan. We paid off a million5 loan. We gave all our investors their money back of 650K, which my money was in that. And then another 355,000 on top of that. That's taxfree money. Think about that for a minute. I mean, that's crazy. So, all that money goes in, all comes back out because now we are able to value add this property and increase its value and do a cash out refinance, which is taxfree money, by the way. Now, we don't need to get into the crazy nuance of why that is. That's the stuff you learn. That's why you would come into something like this. You get an asset management fee, which I did, of 1%. Got 40% of the profits and the cash flow. So, I was getting about 2,000 bucks a month over five years. That's 120 grand. Then, my profits at the sale were 470,000. So, I actually made 590,000 bucks on a $19,000 out-of- pocket investment, which a 32x on my money, and that was over a 5year window. So, I promised you that I was going to show you how to buy a 10 to 30 unit apartment deal in the next 90 days with 20,000 bucks out of pocket. And we did that, right? We showed you multiple ways how you can actually do it, structure it financially, and come out of pocket with 20,000 bucks and own a deal. The key is this. You need to stay smaller in that 10 to 30 unit space. you need to stay in markets that allow you to buy properties somewhere between 50,000 to 150,000 a unit which is a ma actually a vast majority of the country there's only a few spots you can't do that and that's usually in the coastal markets California Oregon Washington east coast up along the eastern seabboard where it's very very expensive markets okay that's typically where you can't pull that off everywhere else you you pretty much can um Kenneet asked what is the asset management fee is that the property management fee No, completely different. Uh asset management fee is what's paid to you for managing the managers. So you as the general partner in this deal, you're managing the managers. So the property managers are doing the daily the grind, the toilets and tenants every day. So you can actually do what you're doing, right? That's a key component to this, right? You have a career now. You have a nineto-ive or you have a job or business. Stuff you're doing that you need to keep doing. So for you having to deal with toilets and tenants every day, uh ain't going to happen. Property manager is going to handle that. Now, you're gonna manage them from an asset management level to make sure they're doing their job. And you may check in once a week with them that just make sure that's happening. But that's where that fee comes in, Ken. Make sense? Cool. Let's keep moving on. So, we dispelled that. We made sure that you can buy an apartment building. We showed you how to do that. I made sure that we dispelled the belief on number one that you need a lot of money to get into it. You just don't. I showed you that belief number two that it's too complex to get into. We dispelled that one. It's not. I showed you all the other people. Brian, we showed you um Steve, we showed you I mean the list keeps going on. I mean I mean my gosh uh we got Akis. I mean I mean I could I could pull up a laundry list of people that have been pulling it off. They're in completely different industries. Completely different. The fact that deals are too hard to find and the market's oversaturated. It is if you do it alone. It is if you don't have the tools and systems and resources and skill sets to go execute and know how to find the deals. Then you're right. Then you're right that deals are hard. But if you have the systems and tools and you have the knowledge and the ability to do it, know where to go, the deals are there. We're we're seeing them all the time. All the time. We're we're literally plugging pre-market deals into our community daily in the back end where people you can literally click on them and pull them up. And this is a pre-market deal like that is has not fully hit the market yet. All the time. You just need to know where know and how to get them. Okay. Know where how to get them. Um do you care about cap rates? 100% Jane. Cap rates are critical component to apartments, critical component to apartments. And so cap rates are high right now, which is why values of multif family are dropping in a lot of markets, right? There's great opportunities in the markets right now because there's a lot of stress due to the interest rate environment, variable rates, inability for people to refinance. There's a lot of stress in the system, but it also opens up to great opportunities. $1.25 trillion in loans are coming due this year and next year in the commercial real estate space. 1.2 trillion 2025 and 2026. A chunk of those are stressed properties that they're going to need to sell and maybe sell for a discount. Okay. Uh Brian had asked, "Do you find smaller properties less than 75 to 100 don't support good property managers, meaning they don't get enough money to care about the property?" No. There's two styles of property managers, Brian. You have the ones that are that deal in 100 plus unit space, right? Those are kind of your premier property management companies, nationwide PM companies. But yeah, a lot of really good local mom and pop. You just need to know how to hire them. We give people a a property hiring managing guide and we walk you through that. You just need to know how to hire property managers, what questions to ask them, how to interview them properly to get the good ones in your market. But yeah, great question. But no, there's some great ones that'll manage smaller properties all day long. Uh you just need to stay on them. It's like anything, you got to manage the managers. That's why you're getting your feet from managing the managers. But yeah, how will a recession affect finding a good deal? Um, well, I mean, if you have a major recession, deals could get even easier. Uh, if you have a fair market, right, like we do now, it's I mean, it's not crazy. It's not good, bad, and different. Deals are happening all the time, and they're actually opening up substantially over the last few years. It did tighten up for a couple years, but now it's opening itself up. But recessions will will unload more, right? because there's more stress in the market. That would just make sense. That would just make sense. In kind of understanding this, you know, who would have interest in kind of seeing everything you saw tonight, you know, if you found a community of well-trained investors around the United States that you could be a part of that were finding deals, analyzing deals, raising capital, collaborating, partnering, closing deals, and managing those deals anywhere in the United States, and you could find a community that you believed in that would help you, would that be of interest to you? So, that's kind of the community side, and I'll get into that and what's kind of included in that in just a minute. But, I think that's really really critical. Um, if if if you found a community of well-trained investors that you actually could, you know, leverage from and build from and collaborate with around the country in the different markets all over the country that we're in, would that be a benefit? Okay. And then we have our software, real estate radar. Real estate radar.ai. Real estate radar.ai. And this software, we recently launched it, is a AI based software overlaid, like I talked about earlier, that has pretty much every commercial multifamily lot in the United States, over 15 or 150 to 160 million. And then we overlay all the AI data on top of that. And that's a software designed specifically for offmarket, pre-market deals, direct to owner, direct to seller, right? Direct direct to owner, direct to seller. Direct to owner, direct to seller. And it's a critical software because the point I'm putting these two things up on your screen because the one on your left is how you learn and understand how to go direct to brokers and make deals happen. The one on the right, the software is how you actually go find pre-market and offmarket deals direct to owners. So I'm trying to solve the biggest problem that people really have and that is finding good deals. And that is how our community has done it because this is how you actually execute. If you have good deals, the money and everything else comes a lot easier. Much easier to go raise money. Okay? Much easier to raise money. So, what do you get with this and what is included in it? You're going to get weekly mentorship calls with me. Okay? These aren't hired coaches, not random people. It's with me, your mentor, every single week in a small group setting twice a week. That's a $9,000 value. Okay? What that includes is something very similar to what we're on here tonight, but much more intricate. A lot of Q&amp;A. We're walking through deals. You're going to be in a small group environment with other investors that are different points. Some maybe don't have deals yet. Some are in the middle of it. Some are already past it. And you're learning through that process in a lot of collaborations in a small intimate group environment. So, it's really really critical that you understand that that you're not getting on Zoom calls with 200 people and then you don't know what's going on, right? You can't do Q&amp;A. You can't talk through things. You can't have this kind of interaction back and forth. None of that's going to happen because in order for you to really move the needle for yourself, it has to be small and intimate. There's another reason I teach it. Because what I wasn't going to be doing in some of this mentorship stuff is having some random student who's maybe closed one deal and now wants to all of a sudden be a coach and try and teach everybody. It doesn't work like that, right? This is something where you need nuance and you need somebody who's in the market currently and somebody who's done a lot of it already. And that's a critical piece as to why I literally do these every week to move the needle for folks. And I'll tell there's a bigger picture behind it, but I'll get into that in a minute. So that's the first number one thing. the biggest thing you get. Okay, then. So, you got that the weekly mentorship calls and you're also going to get a success accountability coach that's going to be a part of this as well. That's a $4,000 value. So, we had Shai and a couple other folks in here. But what this kind of really breaks down to is weekly accountability in addition to me. You're going to get them. And that's a 90-day guide going through week by week by week literally every single thing you need to do and accomplish to get to your goal. To get to your goal. Shai, you got a smiley face on there, buddy. I don't know if you guys saw him earlier, he popped on, but helping out with that and the accountability and success coach side is critically important because no matter how motivated you think you are, right, the biggest thing is making sure we get you through hurdles and any tough times that may happen, any kind of resistance where you kind of you're like, "Maybe I maybe I want to quit. Maybe I want to do this." No, we're going to keep pushing you along because we know that you as long as you don't quit, you'll make it happen. Okay? Because we're going to we're going to lean in and make it happen for you. That's the key component. Okay? So, the weekly accountability side. So, backing up, weekly mentorship calls with me, success accountability coach, lifetime access to our investor community, lifetime access to the community. All these folks that I was kind of showing you the pictures on earlier. We have a whole back end and this is kind of where the magic happens because this is where deals are shared all the time. Pre-market, offmarket deals are shared in the community. People are collaborating, raising capital, partnering together on this stuff. Like the community is where it's all at and it needs to be active and ours is. And people are doing stuff all the time in the back end. What happens sometimes in our little weekly Zoom calls and you you find out is people come into this thing and then they literally will pitch a deal that they're going through in the middle of it and then you'll find three other four other mentees are like man that thing looks really cool like maybe we should get involved in it because maybe they're all looking in the same market right and this guy got a deal and these guys didn't so maybe we partner on that thing and take it down together that happens all the time all the time it's critically important okay so the community and the lifetime access to that so the weekly mentorships with me $9,000 value. Success accountability coach, $4,000 value. Then you need the lifetime access to the community 10-p part master class. This thing is everything. Everything a toz $3,500 value on that. Okay. 10-part master class that you get. It's going to literally go through everything and it has a treasure trove of our documents and our toolbox. And I'll show you that here in just a second. But that's an incredible master class that you're going to get when you come into it. So, the mentorship $9,000 value, success accountability coach 4,000 value, the community at 5,000, the master class at 3500, our toolbox is $10,000 value. And that literally when I kid you not, and I'm going to show you some of the breakdown here, this thing is incredible. And our business in a box, who here by by uh who here has an LLC set up for their business already, for their business or for uh investing in real estate? I'm curious. Chime in the chat if you guys have an LLC set up currently. Yes, you do, Rosa. Awesome. You do? Okay, great. Okay. Yeah. So, by by request, a lot of the people that, you know, were coming in, we were showing them how to do it and then we were showing them, you know, the CRM and the websites and everything that we use. Um, but then people were saying, "Hey, like, do you have this stuff you could set up for us?" And the answer is yes. So, what we did is we put together what we call our business in a box, and you get it when you come in. That's an LLC setup, typically Wyoming or Delaware. Okay. CRM, full-blown CRM that's pre-loaded with automations and all that stuff that are ready to go. A three-page website, that's an investor-based website that's going to showcase your company, logos, and everything on it. So, now you have an investor website, CRM for kind of handling any investors and people and stuff, deals in the system, and an LLC ready to go if if an LLC is something you need. If you already have it, great. If you don't, we help in that process. So, that's our business in a box. Um, yeah. Uh, is it your CRM? So, yes, we have a very robust CRM that you get. It's our internal CRM that you get. Correct. That's right. It's a great question on that. So, the toolbox, the business CRM, all that stuff, all that value in there that you're seeing so far. Okay. So, this is our business toolbox and our um our business in a box. So, everything on the on the on the on the on the on the tools and the the toolboxes, think about it. Our deal analyzers we have in there, we have so much stuff in there. pitch decks, letters of intent, legal documents, um purchase contracts, anything you'll ever need to buy an apartment complex for the rest of your human existence, we have in there, and we're adding stuff in there all the time. So, all this stuff is included as a part of it. It's it's a huge value. Like, if you went out and just did that on your own, you'd spend 20 I'm not kidding you, $20,000 trying to pull down the documents that you're going to find in the back end. And I'm dead serious about that. just the just one of our deal analyzers alone, the big one that we have is a $3,500 deal analyzer that you're going to get. We have a simple one that we start you at and then we have a more complex one when you get bigger. But all that stuff's included. Okay. All that stuff's included. Um um Roy, a a client um management system. Uh that's a CRM client management system. So you can handle uh leads that may come in, investors, you can handle properties and deals and opportunities. All that stuff's in there. Okay, so to kind of summarize it, weekly mentorship calls with me, $9,000 value. Success accountability coach, $4,000 value. Lifetime access to our investor community, $5,000 value. 10p part master class, $3,500 value. Toolbox, $10,000. Business setup, 5,000 bucks. Then you're going to get access to try our software. Okay, $1,800 value. And access to all of our vendors and systems nationwide, $5,000 value. Because one of the requests by a lot of the folks was, "Hey, do you have access to attorneys, bookkeepers, property management companies, renovation crews, construction guys, all these people around the country that you've set up? Do you have access to them or we can use them too?" And the answer is absolutely. And so you're getting full-blown access to that in the back end and then are trying our software. So, uh, customer relations, there you go, Rosa. But basically handling any of your leads and customer relations stuff. So, all of that stuff. And then we have a ton of bonuses we throw on you. I'm not going to go through those here, but a ton of bonuses on top of that. So, a tremendous value. You know, 65,000 bucks in value, but here's our real estate radar system just you kind of understand it. So, really great software that you get to try out for 7 days when you sign up. It's included. You just try it out for free. You get access to it. If you want to continue with it, it's 149 bucks uh a month, but you get it for 90 bucks because what we do is we give it to you at our cost. Like our cost for putting it out to you is just cost. So you're not paying the$149, you get it for 90 and you get the trial for free and that's all included in all this stuff. Okay, really cool software. I mean, it's unbelievable in terms of the software. Anything in the United States you want to find, it gives you all the data on every property, 160 million different properties around the United States, and it goes through all the AI, the tech, uh, skip tracing, you can market out to them, you can do all kinds of direct mail to them, all on the back end of the system. Extremely robust. Um, correct. 90 bucks for you. For the people that come into the community, it's 90 bucks. That's right. Versus the 149. That's right. Great question. So, that's all that 90-day action guide. These are some of the different um different bonuses and stuff, all the access to our vendors, all of that. So, that's all in there. So, let me ask you this, and I I guess this is probably a question because all the stuff you just saw, like, it's amazing in terms of what's included in the value. That's a $65,000 in value for all the stuff I just showed you. But if all it did, okay, if all it did was get you into your first apartment complex this year, would it be worth it? Right? Would it be worth it? If all it did is give you the skill sets to do this, right? Overcome some of these false belief patterns and multif family that's worth millions. Put deals together. Get out of the rat race that maybe you're in right now that you want to change, right? Because everybody in here typically they want financial freedom. and they want more time with family, right? Maybe you're in a nineto-ive currently that you're tired of and you want out of that. Okay, well, how do you make that happen? You have to start with doing a certain process and this is part of that process. So, if it gave you those skill sets, would it be worth it? And then if it helped you gain the respect maybe of family, friends, kids, spouse, and others, right? Getting things done, making happen as I call it, being a doer, not a dreamer, would that be worth it? Right? Would that be worth it? So, ask these questions. And if any of these are yes, rock and roll, right? If any of these are yes, if this thing would simply do any of these for you, rock and roll. Okay, rock and roll. So, here's the thing. $65,000 value. That's what it's worth. And I know that it's worth that. Okay? I know that it's worth that. Obviously, we're not going to have you and I'm not going to have you pay that. Okay? I'm not going to have you pay that. But to kind of reiterate what it's all included. So what you get all the stuff on the left, you get the weekly mentorships with me. You get the accountability coach. You get the lifetime access to our community. $5,000 value, $9,000 value, $4,000 value, $3,500 value. You see the list there. All of it. And then you're going to get all these bonuses on top of it. Our VIP tickets, our raising capital, tax hacks, all that stuff's already included in it. I just didn't want to like overwhelm you. But all of that stuff in there with a $65,000 value. Now, what we've done is we've taken that, we've cut it and made it set up to where it's super easy and you're not going to be paying that. So, our retail value of our community, just so you know, the retail value of it's 10,000 bucks and it's worth its weight in gold. You just saw all the stuff I just showed you. It's worth its weight in gold and people pay that left and right. So yeah, regarding the um kind of the breakdown of deals because people had asked um you know some some uh frequently asked questions we we hear uh would be um you know is is my credit that important? The answer is no because remember they're not underwriting you personally. They're underwriting the property. So as long as you have probably a 600 credit or greater 600 credit or greater, no problem. Okay, no problem. Um, other questions we have, uh, if I have no capital, can I get started? I mean, technically, yes, but I wouldn't recommend it. I mean, I have to be honest with you. I mean, I got started technically with no money out of pocket because I had a partner that did have it. So, if you have people that have money and then you can bring the sweat equity to it, then yes, you can absolutely get into the community in the program and do it. And then you have other people that are helping you out on the other capital side. So, you could do that. It's just ideally if you have some capital to get started, that's how you execute and then we're going to hold your hand the whole way through it. Okay. The whole way through it. Yeah. Vanessa, what time of We have two of them a week. We have and we split them up specifically for this. We have them in the evenings and mornings. Evenings and mornings. So, you'd asked u 9. No, they're not 9:00 p.m. calls. They're not 9:00 p.m. calls. We have them uh we split them up so that way people have different options in the We have a morning call and we have an evening call depending on people and their work Pacific Standard Time. Yeah. Yeah, they'll all be morning time based uh and then evening time. So, we split them up. So, depending on your And they're all recorded as well, by the way. So, just so you understand, you're going to get your whole back-end portal when you come in. It has everything. Has all the courses, has your ability to register for everything, your business in a box, access to the software, you set up all your registrations for our calls, uh your calls with your accountability coach, all that stuff is done in the back end. And then we all set up all the recordings from all of the calls. So that way if you missed one, they're all put up in there within a few days. So everything's recorded. Yeah. Correct. Yeah. Because sometimes people can't make them. We understand that. And then we record everything. We put it up in there pretty quickly so you have access to it. And we're updating the back end and the community all the time because it needs to stay active. We want people doing deals, finding deals, making things happen. So that's the that's the entire um importance of the entire