in my car and I just had a full-blown [music] breakdown of like I'm exhausted. I can't do this anymore. Like God help me. My plan hasn't worked. Was like, all right, Lord, this marriage thing, maybe it's not for me. Maybe you don't have a bride for me. [music] And if your plans for me are to be single, I accept it. But if you have someone for me, just give me the eyes to see her. Mhm. What happens when you chase butterflies? [music] They all go fly away. But if you build a beautiful garden, they will all come and play. I haven't heard that in a while, man. Right. My brother and sister said, "Justin, shut up. Stop asking me for help. Just calm down." And they didn't know, figure things out, don't ask for help. And that locked it in at 9 years old. [music] So then it just grew. I understood what it meant to fear success. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Cuz it's not success that we fear, it's the risk [music] of coming down. But I think emotional discipline is hands-down one of the greatest [music] skill sets that anyone can learn. There's so many of us men out there that are just broken, and [music] a lot of it stems from childhood. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Getting married should be a new beginning. It should require [music] an even better version of ourselves. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, happy wife, happy life. No. Big mistake. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Big mistake. &gt;&gt; Yeah. God gives us the skills. It's up to us to apply it. Anything and everything that is needed is already in us. The question is, are you feeding that? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; What age So I understand all that. So did What age did you move to San Diego? So I was 25. I had an accident in Long Beach. &gt;&gt; Okay. I was already in lending about 5 years in, fell into the traditional lending. Fell into the space while I was going to school to be an architect, fell in love with the space. Realize I fell in love with the money. It was quick money at the time. And this residential financing &gt;&gt; Just Yeah, residential. I mean, I hit 95, so I caught the tail end of the, you know, late '80s or early '90s crash when I'm coming in and and loan officers were like &gt;&gt; Did you go through the savings and loan crisis? Cuz it 95, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I caught a piece of that. No, was it 95? Well, it was like 91 to 95. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So what felt like it was a tail end of it. So I was in the smoke of it. I remember rates were like 9 and 1/2, and everyone was like, "Dude, do do as many deals as you can. We're not going to stay this low for too long. We just got out of 13." &gt;&gt; to stay too low for this long. Yeah, so it was So it was great. I was blessed that I had a lot of great young studs around me that grew up and ended up becoming VPs and CEOs of large companies. These were guys that were, you know, in their late '20s, early '30s at the time. What I saw was grown men, right? Um but it was already instilled in them. And and then they were getting mentored by great men and which I just fell in love with the drive, man. And fast forward at 25 in 2000, I had a bad car accident in Long Beach. Mhm. Um needed help in recovering. I shattered my ankles, ribs. I mean, I had a bunch of broken bones. So I came down to San Diego to my parents' house, lived in their living room in a hospital bed for 6 months recovering. &gt;&gt; Wow. So it took you that long. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it took me a while. There was a lot of like just damage. Um I was walking around initially at about 230 and I dropped down to 185 lb, pale. I wasn't getting any sun. Just the atrophy. I mean, I've gone through a shoulder injury. You're going through lower lower leg stuff and ankle. I mean, that's gnarly. It was rough. The uh Yeah, it was rough. And um I was just eager to get back, literally get back on my feet and get back to work. Once I was up on crutches, corporate let me go back. I go back, and as you know, in this industry or traditional real estate or in most businesses, you're out for 6 months. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you're done. &gt;&gt; Your relationships are gone. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And at 25 years old, I don't know how to process all this. So I'm sitting back and then an office with boxes of wine that I had ordered, you know, prior to the accident. And um I realized like, what am I doing here? &gt;&gt; Mhm. So if I'm going to restart, I need my family around me. So I called my mom rather than my dad. &gt;&gt; So to touch on that moment because some people they hit these moments. And that's kind of what I wanted to get to is kind of &gt;&gt; Yeah. Was this one of your first really hard moments in your life that you can remember? 100%. &gt;&gt; Okay. So and I've always fascinated by the forks in the road that people go down because you could very easily fall into the trap alcohol, drugs, addiction, Yeah. victimhood, the world's happening, you know, to me, not for me, and fall down a rabbit hole pretty quick in negativity. Yep. Why did you go the other way? Or why did you Or did you go the other way? Or did you have to figure that out? I was still figuring it out. Keep in mind, at this point I'm 25, 26. On the outside, it looked like I had it all figured out because it was all performance driven. I want to be frank with you. At the time, I did not have a relationship with Christ. Like it was me. It was all performance driven. It's what I had, how much I made, what it looked like. &gt;&gt; That was your validation. Like that was your &gt;&gt; 100%. Like how am I professionally? Yes. &gt;&gt; Got it. And if you would have asked me then, I would have told you you're wrong. But it took looking back and realized that these valleys, which we'll go deeper into it, right? These valleys were blessings and needed to happen in order for me to be forged to continue to grow into the man that I continue to become. Yeah. Right? So that's the cool thing to be able to look back. So when I look back, that time, it was the victim mentality. I did got to get a taste of depression. Not realizing that I was going through that, right? Until I look back and I'm like, man, that was real. I never understood when people would tell me they were depressed or um you know, they they caught the some stomach bug. I'm like, suck it up. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Empathy, sympathy, none of that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I didn't understand until I was humbled and started experiencing that. And that was That was stage one. Okay. Cuz there was three or four stages in my life up to this point. I'm just better equipped. But that was definitely stage one of how my life started getting recalibrated. Um which that led into You're talking about 2000. So from 2000 to 2008, which was the crash, &gt;&gt; Yeah. it was all performative. 100%. Fast forward 2008, market crashes. Yep. I'm humbled. Stripped of everything, right? And I started realizing that I found my value in the things that I was performing for and I was seeking. &gt;&gt; you Don't you feel like a I mean, a lot of people do because society drives us that way? Yeah. Especially in America. It's capitalism. 100%. &gt;&gt; So you know, anytime you go to a networking event, anytime you're even at a backyard barbecue, talking to family, friends, what's the first thing that comes out of their mouth when they haven't seen you in a little while? Hey, how are things going? How's work? Yeah. Right? Yeah. Not, "Hey, you know, how's the church?" Or how's your How's your health? Or how how's the how's the children? How's the marriage? &gt;&gt; Yeah, how's the marriage? How's How's the travels? And we are infamous as men in having those surface-level conversations cuz we have a tendency of finding our identity in what we do for work. Yeah, because we as men naturally want to provide and protect. 100%. I mean, by nature, biologically, God has given us that ability to provide and protect for the family. And so if we are not doing that, uh we don't feel worthy. Yeah. Our self-worth is diminished. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because we're not able to do it or we're not doing it, one of the two. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The uh On that same point, I went the opposite route where it's I I I had 2 years of basically keeping myself in a cave mentally Mhm. and saying this That hurt. I'm going to stay here. How many deals I need to close a month? Two, three? This is fine. I'm going to stay here. Comfortable? Comfortable. I understood what it meant to fear success. Cuz it's not success that we fear, it's the risk of coming down. And most people unless you've tasted success, yeah, you don't know what it is to get there. As we know, it's harder financially success to stay there. Anyone can hit it. The mark. &gt;&gt; Yeah, one time, one hit wonder. &gt;&gt; One hit wonder, the market got you there. Things, circumstances, one good decision, won battle will get you right back down. Right? So it was very humbling in looking back. And again, these seasons, it took me looking back to realize it cuz I didn't realize what was happening until I started that drive in me started kind of kicking in again. And I'm looking around, my circle had changed cuz I hung around a bunch of guys that were comfortable. Mhm. Almost to the point where it became negative of like, yeah, that guy has that Porsche because he needs that Porsche. Mhm. That guy has that because he needs that. Like I don't need that. And I've come to the realization and I started thinking, I'm like, well, maybe but maybe not. Some guys may need &gt;&gt; Well, first of all, there are not many things that you need. No. I mean, you need food, you need water, and shelter. That's it. That's about it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Everything else is a desire. And there's nothing wrong with desire. &gt;&gt; Right. Um As long as the desires don't have you. &gt;&gt; Right. There's a big difference of wanting the the the Porsche versus needing the Porsche. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Right? I like nice things. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it took me getting out of that and realizing that, you know what? No, it's okay. It's okay to have vision and execution as long as I'm not finding my value in those things. Right. And this is pre me being married. Right? I'll start realizing that, but then there was the element of like okay, but what's next? What happens when I do get there? Right? &gt;&gt; 2008 coming through that. At what point &gt;&gt; you're That's like two So 2008, now you're going into like 2010? &gt;&gt; Yeah. 12? ish? Like in that pocket? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um Uh I was in a relationship for 10 years, not married. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Ups and downs. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I did basically any anything and everything wrong that you can do or do in a relationship at that time. If I go back, everything was like that provider. That was my excuse to do everything else. &gt;&gt; Got it. I'm providing. Nice house, nice car, nice everything exists. So that excuses me to do everything else, which we know is that's that's not how it works. No, and I Yeah, I know. We men have to learn this stuff. Um Sometimes the hard way. Well, yeah, and and you know, it wasn't until I went post-divorce into uh therapy, but not therapy for like couples therapy. I went to a male therapist. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And this guy specifically works on men and men only. Um because he doesn't necessarily believe in the couples therapy thing. If you're going to couples therapy and talking about your problems, that doesn't get anybody anywhere. Right? Um because he says there's at the core, a lot of things, but at the core, there are three things that a man needs in the relationship and there are three things that a woman needs in the relationship. And I'm like, oh, this is interesting. Tell me what they are. And he's like, men, we need three things at our core. He says we need peace in the home, supportive spouse, physical intimacy. Okay? Women need three things at their core. A lot of things, but three things at the core. Feel provided for, protected, emotional intimacy, emotional safety. He says where men go wrong is they think they can provide, they can protect, and they don't have to do the emotional intimacy side. But they're not understanding that a woman, if she is not emotionally connected to you, emotional intimacy, emotional safety, she won't want to sleep with you. Yeah. It's impossible. Yeah. &gt;&gt; The woman's mind will literally biologically shut off. Yeah. You become a friends with bene- not friends with benefits. Let's call it if you're living together, you're raising kids, you're roommates raising children. And then men wonder why, why is my wife starting to distance herself? Yeah. Why is she not instigating any physical intimacy or being touchy? Or she used to be that way, she's not that way anymore. Yeah. And it's cuz you did a great job providing. You're protecting, but you're not making her feel emotionally safe. Yeah. And because of that safety, that lack thereof, she is now distancing herself cuz she just can't It doesn't work. Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's Imagine it flip the script for a minute. Um cuz it happens. Imagine your wife never touching you or wanting to be physically intimate with you. How would that make you feel as a man? Yeah. How would it? Yeah, empty. Right. Yeah. So if the man &gt;&gt; Or distant, yeah. &gt;&gt; unknowingly is not providing the emotional safety and the emotional intimacy for a woman, she feels empty, she feels lost, she feels disconnected. And then if that's there, she can't be physically intimate with you. Doesn't it blow your mind that uh again, how how much we complicate our world? You know, the old saying of ask ask better questions, you're going to get better answers. Right. And sometimes it's just simply asking our wife, how can I love you better? Yeah. And just shut up. Listen. But we have a tendency both male and female loving how we want to be loved. &gt;&gt; Correct. Mistake. Yeah. We all do it. Women do it to us, men do it to women. Totally. Um and once I understood that, and then understood really four key things that he taught me. The importance of the masculine and feminine in the relationship. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The polarity of that. Yeah. Critically important. 100%. Critically important. Can't stress that enough to men. Um the difference between how men and women process emotion. Um female psychology and attachment styles. I did not understand those four things that were &gt;&gt; What's the attachment style? Meaning are you avoidant? Are you anxious? Are you secure? Or you dismissive avoidant? There's a different There's two types of avoidance. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I didn't know what I was and I certainly didn't know what my spouse was or anybody that I was with cuz I didn't even understand what the heck these things were. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; And once he explained that to me, I'm like, oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That makes sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's all connecting. The dots are connecting. Yeah. I understand now what I'm doing wrong in the relationship. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Why is it starting off hot and heavy, which everybody has, right? The honeymoon period. And then why do things tend to fall off? Most men are really good at getting a woman attracted to them, Yeah. marrying them, Yeah. getting them locked up, but then once that happens, by nature, we tend to I won't say fall off, but we stop providing the emotional intimacy and the emotional safety for a woman to stay attracted. Well, because I think we checked the box. In our mind. In our mind. We think married, check. Meaning that's the end of that. And words are powerful. We have a tendency of saying, hey, the old ball and chain, oh, it's all downhill from here. And we chuckle and we laugh at all the things funny. Yeah. Uh the kids, you know, it's like, oh yeah, that's, you know, no more this. Yeah. Cuz I got kids now. Um but the reality is we have to treat it as a new beginning. Getting married should be a new beginning. It should require an even better version of ourselves. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Big time. &gt;&gt; Just as much as our career, just as much as becoming a father. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like this is a new beginning rather than a pitfall of okay, that's done. The old ball and chain, I'm held down. &gt;&gt; Right. Right? If anything as men &gt;&gt; in the masculine and feminine polarity is so critically important. Um you know, women need men to lead. Yeah. Um by nature, biologically, women don't want to have to make the decisions. They want you as the man to lead the family. Right. Lead the kids, lead us, lead me. Yeah. Um I'll let you lead if I trust that you'll do it. Yeah. But if you keep falling flat and not stepping up, then I'm going to have to take shape. And then you wonder why you have the boss babe step up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Cuz she doesn't trust &gt;&gt; Yeah. that you're going to help provide and protect the for the family. Yeah. Another thing I learned, too, is and this goes back to the emotional intimacy side. The worst thing that a man can do is try and solve his wife's problems. It's literally the It's a It's a suicide mission. Yeah. Right? Because what women need from us, and he explained this. He says, you're the shoreline. He said, I can give you the analogy for a minute. You're You're the beach, you're the shore. Yeah. Waves are coming at the shore different heights, different lengths, different times, different seasons, storms, calm, right? That's That's a woman by nature. She needs an array of emotions. Naturally, a woman needs this array. We men like more calm. We need peace in the home. So when our wives and spouses come to us and they have these emotions that are all over the place, what do we do as men naturally? We say, oh, oh, let me let me logically try and solve your problem cuz I got the answer, sweetie. You shouldn't feel that way. I'll solve it so that way you don't feel that way anymore. Yeah. That's the problem. She needs to feel that. And then what she needs from you is the shoreline. She needs you to sit there, listen, acknowledge it, amplify it, but don't solve the problem. She'll actually solve her own problems. She just needs you to be kind of the um uh call it a cylinder and let her go through the cylinder of emotions and then you just be the rock, right? You're the shoreline there for her Yeah. to be able to bounce this off of, but then she doesn't really want to see you get all crazy, either. Yeah. She needs you to be calm, Yeah. non-reactive, and be steady in that masculine energy. Yeah. So that way she can be wild. By nature, women need to express this emotion. And then the greatest line I ever learned that has saved me now moving forward is anytime that happens, I just say, sweetie, do you want my voice or my ears? You want my voice or my ears? &gt;&gt; I I worded I worded it as is a problem-solving conversation &gt;&gt; Yeah. or is this a sounding board conversation? &gt;&gt; Mhm. Same point. &gt;&gt; Yeah, same thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Same thing. Better questions, right? You're going to get a better response. So it's like, okay, cool. I just got to sit back and just listen. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. Cuz she'll tell [laughter] you. It's easy. She'll tell you. She'll be like, babe, I just I just want your ears right now. Okay? &gt;&gt; Perfect. And how many times have we heard that when we're the open ears or the sounding board for our wives? And in that same conversation with us, they find their own answer. They will answer, literally. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like the best thing you can cuz try this if you're man watching this and I'm &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; trust me. The next time your wife comes home from a hard day of work or maybe out with friends or whatever it is, right? And she wants to you know, vent about something that's going on. Sally did this or whatever's doing this or I saw this mom do this. Whatever that is, the emotion going on. Let her feel those emotions. Let her express those emotions. Let her go through it. Don't solve the problem even though you know the answer. It's very logical to men. We figure this out, we solve problems very quickly. That's not what she needs. Listen, allow it to happen, acknowledge it, right? Say like, I understand you feel XYZ. Okay, great. Perfect. And then let it happen. Don't solve it. Let her go off emotional for a moment. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; She'll calm herself down. Yeah. She'll come back to you like in an hour later. Watch this. It's like the greatest thing ever. Sweetie, I think I've figured it out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're like, "Oh, great. What is it?" You didn't solve squat because by doing that, you have to understand what happens in this. And this was so like eye-opening for me. Because of the way if you handle it that way, she's going to feel so safe with you emotionally. And if she feels safe with you emotionally, she feels emotionally connected to you through intimacy. That's emotional intimacy. &gt;&gt; She understands me. She will jump on your bones like there's no tomorrow. So if men you're worried about your wife not being this way, just watch that happen cuz then she's emotionally connected to you. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Intimacy. That's intimacy for a woman. Emotional intimacy. And she'll whatever. What is it one of the seven habits of highly effective people? Seek first to understand, then to be understood. Yeah. That's that element of it, right? Uh we have to &gt;&gt; Well, God gave us two ears and one mouth for a reason. But yeah, the worst because we we're taught as men, you know, happy wife, happy life. No. Big mistake. Yeah, I know. Big mistake. Yeah. Uh it is not happy wife, happy life. You have to understand that your wife, your spouse, your partner needs to have an array of emotions. Like that is biologically built into women. And us men, we're not supposed to solve those. Yeah. We're just supposed to provide a safe place for her to express those. And be the rock of calm, non-reactive, and allow it to happen. And by us allowing that to happen, it creates a safe place for her to feel safe emotionally. Yeah. And if she feels safe emotionally with you, then she feels intimately emotionally with you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And if that happens, then she's you know, you'll get everything you want as a man. I think that's where also we've been programmed directly or indirectly, right? With these sayings, happy wife, happy life. And that's created that division and demonized masculinity. Right? Where the guys have actually started pulling back. I mean, you see it. I can usually tell how someone was raised or I would say you can usually tell if someone's been punched in the face or not, you know, depending on how they handle adversity, right? I don't mean always necessarily physically, but you know, how they handle life um in the way they were raised and how they're showing up um especially for those of us raising young men, right? And kind of how's that showing up in the way they're reacting in these small things and a lot of the stuff that I'll speak for myself that I did good or bad stemmed from how I was raised. Right? And I took responsibility saying, "How do I recalibrate this?" But yeah, it's it's that programming that's created division and and um you know, that's why guys like you and I, you know, we have to have our standards put in place so that hopefully we're the light for someone else &gt;&gt; Yeah. to to live the way we should be living and showing up for our family the way we should be showing up. Yeah. Yeah. And it's it's incredible when when you when you figure that out and and step into that light, um it makes things a lot clearer. Yeah. The um the age of 36 for me was the biggest uh shift. Well, yeah, cuz my next question for you is where when did faith step into your to your life? Started at 36. &gt;&gt; Okay. So now &gt;&gt; I'm I turn 51 this year. &gt;&gt; You turn 51? &gt;&gt; 51 this year. &gt;&gt; look 51. &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. &gt;&gt; I'm like, I just turned 50. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I Yeah, I would say, "Man, I'm at the age where I've got buddies that are grandparents or still wiping butts like I am." But the reality is it's my normal. Sure. I am giving my wife and my kids the best version of me. Mhm. You know what I mean? It's like and I'm about 13 years my wife's senior. Okay. And it works. &gt;&gt; That she's 30 She's 30 she's turning 37. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So Kate's 38 turning 39, so right in there. Yeah. So it it just works, man. And uh so you go back when I was 36, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. At this point um that previous relationship had uh dissolved and needed to be dissolved and uh and I just got caught up on busy. I had an executive position at a mortgage company. Kept myself busy. Was training at Victory MMA. Uh started dabbling with bodybuilding. I had a season of that. Um And I caught myself so one of the classes I used to take the conditioning classes was at 6:00 a.m. I found myself in my car. It was 5:30-ish a.m. It was still dark out. I got there early cuz I couldn't sleep in my car and I just had a full-blown breakdown of like, "I'm exhausted. I can't do this anymore. Like God, help me. My plan hasn't worked." Like just help. So reaching out for help. That right there was the like the the pivotal moment of like understanding the first step to surrendering. Well, you know, I was going to ask you about that cuz um Yeah. And then this is kind of it's almost uh therapy for me in this sense because uh I was raised Christian. My mom would drag us to church. I hated every second of it cuz I was being dragged. Yeah. Sunday school, whole nine yards. And I was taught a version of Christianity, at least in my mind, that if you don't fit in this box, you needed to obey exactly scripture in the way it's written, you're going to hell. Yeah. And for some reason that just didn't click with me. I was like, "Okay, but like doesn't have to be like exactly like that?" Yeah. You know, and I think that turned me off. Probably turns a lot of people off because you know, certain people take it as such and then that has to fit like that. And so I think that's when people say I'm turned off by religion, it's because they're being drilled into this box that if you don't fit into it, don't sit in that. Like you're going to hell. You know, I don't know that that's really the universe is really like that. Yeah. Um I mean, I I was raised Catholic. Yeah. Um But then I I Yeah, And that and that's religion. One of my shifts that I had was really understand the difference between religion and relationship. So realizing religion is definitely more performative. Kind of going back to that performance. It's more performative. Relationship with God with God, right? Is is a lot deeper and that takes work. Mhm. My walk is going to look completely different than yours. What we have a tendency of doing is being in the flesh and and reflecting our our way of Christianity on other people. That religious approach would turn me off as well. I mean, I had friends that were Christian when I was in high school trying to take me to church and that's that's the I had a bad taste in my mouth of what that looked like. Right? Because of the reflection. The reflection. So the idea of telling you how it's supposed to be. How it's supposed to be. We we we people may not have a lot of things in common, but if if you love the Lord, right? And we work off the same principles which are biblical, everything else will align. The more I got to understand myself and giving myself grace and love myself and surrender myself, What does surrender mean to you? Surrender to me is just understanding that um I don't have full control of everything. Mhm. Um That comes with responsibility cuz I'm also not a lazy Christian or what Pastor Miles says, an over-saved Christian where I'm sit back, "Let's just pray on it." Yeah. Well, it's like hold on, there's power in prayer, but if you're praying for that job, you can't expect just to get hired. If you're not you don't have the skills, you're not applying, you're not doing the things you need &gt;&gt; action-based stuff. 100%. There's action associated with it. So for me, surrendering that and then understanding that at the same time giving myself grace. So as a Christian, So society and some Christians paint it like it again, the performative aspect of it that it needs to be perfect. You have you can't do this, you can't do this. And reality is being a Christian is being Christ-like, but you're also recognizing that you're not trying to be Christ or play God. If anything, you're accepting that we are flawed. That I am a sinner. But I am forgiven. Right? &gt;&gt; Got it. So it's like you're walking in that and understanding it. It's like, "Look, hey listen, like I I'm not if I do something wrong or if I'm in the flesh and I'm having negative thoughts, I know that's not from God. I know that's not from Jesus like, 'Hey listen, like that's not coming from me.' And I'm able to address that before that snowballs into something greater. So that shows up in my business, it shows up in my marriage, it shows up in every space. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right? And making sure for me that God is at the center of everything, not just simply let's put God first. Got it. So the And and Kate's been teaching me this cuz she's definitely brought me closer to God over the last couple years. &gt;&gt; Good wife. Yeah. Uh we're not married yet. Oh, okay. Even better. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um Soon-to-be bride. Yeah, there you go. There you go. We're definitely moving in that direction. Um The biggest challenge and I've shared with her, I said, "Okay, but babe, like talk to me about the surrender thing cuz I'm all for it. I'm [clears throat] all for it." Yeah. But I have a control problem. Yeah. Meaning I have the same &gt;&gt; I Like I want to surrender it all, but then I'm sitting there going, "Ugh." But then "Ugh." I can't control stuff and I want to control stuff. And so that's definitely a flaw of mine. Where do you think that's coming from? Uh I have a hard time trusting people. Meaning Do you trust yourself? Yes. Okay. 100%. &gt;&gt; Why do you have a hard time trusting people? Cuz I feel like I follow what people say. I I okay, put people in people. Give them the expectation. Set the guidelines. And then let them go win. Right? And I I feel like I do that. But then I feel like they let me down. And I don't know if it's cuz my standards are different or if maybe I'm being a bad leader. I don't know. Like I don't know what it is, but I see I you know, maybe I just have my expectations are too high. I don't know what they are, but I feel like I'll set the table beautifully and allow them to step up to it. And then a vast majority, not all, but a good majority people won't live up to that. So then I get let down. So then it's hard for me to trust. And I'm like amazed when I do run into people who do level up and I give them that and if some people do and I'm like, "Wow. Thank God for you. Like you're one of few people, if I took a hundred people, you're one of two that actually lived up and stepped up to the plate." What if you removed yourself from the equation when you said you felt let let let down? What would that look like? Who else would be let down? I'm just asking a question. &gt;&gt; Why why does why does someone have to be let down? I mean, we again it goes back to doing and then you receive a result. So like I have a big thing on, "Hey, let's try this." Well, reality is there's no trying, we did this, got it. This was the result. So then how do we recalibrate that, right? Patterns over promises. So it's like one of those things where it's we try try this or did we do this? This is what happened. Do we recalibrate and do it again? Then that's where as leaders you decide, is this a pattern or are they a promise and they're just not equipped quite yet. They may not be a fit for that role. And that's the idea for me is like I spend more time managing personalities than I do deals or files. Right. So I'm also giving myself permission to be okay with whatever the result was going to be because what I want is this. But if this happens, did we give it our best? This was the result. Then here's here's the data that we now have that we need to now do different. &gt;&gt; Yeah, cuz is that a I mean, I I don't know. Is that a reflection on me that I didn't put the right person in the right position or I was a bad leader? I mean, I do look at that. I'm not completely oblivious. &gt;&gt; the fact that you care means you're not you're not a bad leader. You're a great leader. The fact that you care, right? I've been guilty that pre that breakdown that I had in my car, right? I was trained with love, but maybe it wasn't the right way of being trained that I control everything. I control my destiny. You do this, ba ba ba ba ba. I have this full control. I am self-made. I did this. Right? And reality is that's like God gives us the skills, it's up to us to apply it. Anything and everything that is needed is already in us. The question is, are you feeding that? Are you bringing it out, those talents? We're going to have different talents, right? But are we feeding that? So again, what's what are we consuming? Are we aligning ourselves with the right people? Are we putting ourselves in the right rooms? Right? And sometimes it's just identifying that, but for myself, I've realized the more I can get myself out of the way, especially my emotions cuz our emotions will will lie to us. Why why does this make me feel this way? I mean, okay, feelings can be real. I just don't have permission if especially if they're not good to sit in them. Or react to them. Or react to them. Yeah. So I've become wiser, you know, cuz I'm I'm Irish, German, and Italian. So we got a we had a little bit of an Irish temper. My dad had a really bad Irish temper. I got a piece of that, all right? Uh but I've been able to become much more emotionally intelligent over the years and wiser to um for the most part, right? Not perfect. It'll it'll catch you from time to time. But stay in a calmer state, uh not reactive as much. Um and remaining emotionally disciplined. Yeah. Which is hard yeah, depending on your personality style. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I I think emotional discipline is hands down one of the greatest skill sets that anyone can learn. Because we're emotional creatures by nature. Yeah. And stuff happens every day in our lives and how do you react to it, right? Do you allow yourself to go into this Jekyll and Hyde or do you allow yourself to stay pretty even Steven? Yeah. Right? And not get too high, not too low. Yeah, the um for me doing that excavating of like why do I react a certain way here and a completely opposite way here. I'll give you an example. Uh and I'm going to ask you the same question cuz I look back in in my previous relationship rather than play like it was all her fault. I more looked at it and saying, "What could I have done different?" &gt;&gt; Yeah. What first off, what mistakes I made and what could I done different so that version of me doesn't show up. Um hoping and praying that God gave me another opportunity, right? To actually bride someone. Um I would look back and realize like, "Man, why am I so good at solving problems in business? But when it came to the relationship, I wasn't married, the relationship I would stonewall. I didn't want to deal with it. &gt;&gt; Mhm. I would avoid it. Right? And it was like, "Why? Why? Why is that? Why why does that happen?" And it's almost one of those things where you see it happen and you don't correct it. And then the smoke settles and you never address it. Yep. And then it happens again. &gt;&gt; Yep. And then it happens again. &gt;&gt; Yep. Um that was definitely one of the big pitfalls. Granted came from both sides, but that's one definitely that I owned. Uh and it's crazy how God works cuz that that is actually one of my biggest strengths now. Yeah. Right? Where I identify it and say like, "Okay, I I'm going to use that." Once I address that, that is where I'm going to pull my biggest strength. Um what was your biggest takeaway or pitfall that turns into your strength today in today's uh in the relationship you're in now? Um So oddly enough, very similar journey in that. So I'm I'm married six years. Divorce happens. I knew that it takes two to tango. We both played a role in it. So I wasn't naive in that. But I didn't fully understand yet the role I was playing in that diminishing part until I went through one relationship post divorce. That was seven months and it ended in seven months. Then I went into another relationship that went right around six months, ended in six months. You know, I'm pretty good at pattern recognition. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; So then I'm sitting there going Doing the math. There's a common denominator amongst all of this. Yeah. This guy. Yeah. So in all of that pattern, the woman started to pull away. And I didn't understand why. I was getting frustrated. And so I said, "Okay, like clearly there's something in my behavior that's triggering a behavior in her or them that's getting them to do this." So I wasn't like, "It's their fault. It's them. It's them." But it you know, initially you'd be like, "Yeah." But then you start to say, "Okay." Divorce, two relationships post divorce, ended similarly, different reasons but similar pattern. So what's going on? And that's what initiated me searching out for a male therapist. So I met this guy, Josh. He's actually oddly enough here in San Diego, but he's a big YouTube, you know, therapist guy and I'm like the and the odd thing about Josh, he's not married, but I have but he's in a relationship, but I'm like, "I have never met a guy in his 30s like this." He's younger than me, not married, that nails it. Like to an I mean, I'm like I'm like, "How do you know this?" And then I learned his story about how his dad and he watched his dad and the all this other stuff and how he then dove into this therapy and helping people and helping men not and that's like you do is what you sometimes you can't do and all these other things, right? You become really good at it. And he is I've never met anybody that good that like understands this importance between men and women. So he taught me all the stuff I told you. Masculine, feminine, difference between how men and women process emotion, attachment styles, female psychology. And once I understood that, I was like, "Ah." Why didn't anybody tell this to me?" Yeah. And I'm sitting here early 40s now, right? &gt;&gt; Why didn't anybody tell this to me? Cuz he's like, "Justin, you're very good at at recognition. So once you in in you're good at self-correction once you understand the problem." Yeah. But you clearly you didn't understand the problem. AND I'M LIKE, "YEAH, I didn't understand the problem." [laughter] Yeah. &gt;&gt; You just explained it to me, it clicked now and now I can self-correct. Yeah. And so ever since then, now I'm in an incredible relationship. And I prayed to God after that second one ended the same way. I said, "God, if you can just bring to me a woman of the caliber that just ended. If you can just bring me somebody like them again, I won't screw it up again. Now I know. I'm right. Now I know. I got it. Yeah. And then lo and behold, a year and some change later, he brings this incredible woman into my life. And I'm sitting there going, "Okay. I love the Lord. Don't screw this one up again. Now you're better off." What also helped, it wasn't just the male therapy I went through. He also introduced me to this girl that does hypnotic reprogramming. Have you ever done hypnosis? Okay, this is some So there's a girl here, her name is Lindsey here in San Diego and they're all over the place, but she's local here. She's a clinical hypnotist. She runs a place called deep space. Deep space here in San Diego. And I thought this was some foo-foo hippie stuff, right? I'm like, "Hypnotism? Okay, whatever. But let's party. Let's check it out. Let's check it out." I'm in my I'm in my growth mode [laughter] right now. I'm in my growth mode. Yeah. So anyway, I go in to see Lindsey. I sit down. We have a a um first consultation and she's asking me questions and we're learning about some things and she's like, "Okay, I think I got it. Understand. Okay, got it." And then we go into our first session the next time. And everybody goes down differently, but she had to understand me a little bit better to say, "How am I going to take you down to hypnosis and then we're going to figure some things out." Yeah. Cuz we all have limiting beliefs. They're very subconscious in all of us. Most of us don't even know what they are, but they're they're set in there. You from your parents upbringing, situations, your life, it's all created these limiting belief patterns. And there were two that we discovered. Number one, why do I have such a hard time asking people for help? That was number one. Number two, why do I um why am I limited on how much income I believe I can make? And I didn't understand that one either, but we knew it was there. I would always get myself to a certain point and then not go any farther. Get myself to a certain point, not go any farther. Like, "Why is that happening?" Cuz I want it. I can do it. I believe in myself, but why is this happening? So those are the two limiting beliefs. She's like, "Perfect. We're going to go figure this out." So first time we go down. My way down was always in a black staircase. Everything's black. The whole room's black. You can't even see squat. The only thing you can see is the light on the door. Right? There's light on the other side of the door. It's all lit up. And then the door opens and we go out into a field every single time and there's a tree and there's grass and there's a field. It's an afternoon sun sun deal going on. And that's how I enter hypnosis every single time. Same pattern. So you're in the black room. I'm in the staircase to go down. So the way I go into hypnosis is in a black room. She walks me down 15 stairs. &gt;&gt; I got you. I got you. &gt;&gt; By the end of the last I mean literally you're laying I'm in I'm yeah, I'm in I'm in a bed. With Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. I'm out gone. They use sound bowls. All right. You know, all this stuff. It's pretty cool. And but every single time I go down, I'm in a black staircase. There's 15 steps on it. The light in the door. By the time I get to the 15th staircase and the door opens, boom. I'm hypnotized every single time. Okay? And this is where the subconscious lives. So what we found out as to why I have hard hard time asking people for help. It started when I was 9 years old in the back of my mom's Suburban. She picked me up from school. Middle school. We were leaving. My brother and sister we had a three seat Suburban. I was in the third row. They were in the second. Mom driving. And we passed our street where we turned to go to our house. And rather than go to our house, we kept going. And I remember getting emotionally upset and saying, "What what what why aren't we going home?" And blah blah blah. And my mom said, "We're we're not going home. We're going to the grandparents' house." So this is where my parents separated. Okay? And my sister and brother, unbeknownst to them at this time, you know, I'm getting very emotional and like, you know, I'm the youngest. I'm the baby in the family. And so I'm freaking out in the back of the car. And my brother and sister said, "Justin, shut up. Stop asking for help. Stop asking for this. Stop asking for that. Figure Just calm down." And they didn't know. They sat right there and an anchor limiting belief system. Okay. Figure everything out on your own. Suppress the emotion. Figure things out. Don't ask for help. And that locked it in at 9 years old. So then it just grew. It happened that moment. It's freaking crazy, right? So that's that one. So she went in, identified it, pulled it out, reset. No, you're worthy. You can ask people for help. Everybody wants to help. People love helping. But you got to just like let it happen. Yeah. Okay? So we reset that. I was like, "Okay, like that was amazing." So that was that one. Second one, why do I limit myself on how much money that I can make in my in my mind? Because we found out due to my dad going through a massive bankruptcy in 2008 that I was locked in with a limiting belief that if I made a bunch of money, I would lose a bunch of money. If I made a bunch of money, I would lose it all. So the more you make, the more you lose. Limiting belief. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So locked in. I can only make so much cuz if I make more than that, you're going to lose it, Justin. If you make more than that, you're going to come crashing down. And that was set. And that was in 2008, 9, 10. Yeah. And so we went in. They said, "No, no, no, no." &gt;&gt; were you at that time? Uh would have been 30? I mean, that was what? 14 years 15 years ago 16 years ago? Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, six probably longer, right? 2008? Yeah. Yeah. [clears throat] Probably at 16. &gt;&gt; right. Somewhere in there. But yeah, that locked in both of those. So then we had to re-trigger those in the subconscious in hypnosis saying, "No, no, no, no. You're unlimited. You're just because it happened to your dad doesn't mean it's going to happen to you." And reset the positive belief systems around the limiting belief systems. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And let it happen. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then it just becomes No, you just need to get around the right people. Yeah. Right? Cuz people love helping people. And if they believe in you and you're hard worker and you make things happen, then you don't need to repeat the same things. You don't need to have all the answers. It's so interesting, man. And and it's uh stories like that is what makes us great dads or better dads. When I look back, you know, when I mentioned as far as like why do I stonewall at home when it came to solving problems. The reality is I I did not know how to process my emotions. And for me, it wasn't one incident when I was a kid. It was just I how my parents knew best to raise me. Having older sibling and I have a younger brother. And uh uh I would always try to play peacemaker and in order to not upset &gt;&gt; Please everybody. Mhm. Not upset everybody, I'd want to please them. I would just stay quiet. To the point where I remember my dad actually would get upset that I would get in trouble for something and I wouldn't talk back. I wouldn't say They would just &gt;&gt; You were in yourself. Emotion. I wouldn't defend myself. I just stay quiet. And it would almost frustrate him. But the reality is to your point, the moment I recognized where that was coming from, I'm like, "This is easy. I got this." Immediately I made a correction. The other portion of that was like, "Where does the performative side come out?" Right? It was I was one kid at home. When I was outside the house, it was performant. High achiever. I want Look at me. Look at me. And again, not realizing at the time what was happening is that a lot of it had to do My dad was that provider. Hard worker. Welder. Welder all his life. Um always worked extremely hard to make sure that every 5 years of buying a new home, better neighborhood, better school. You're talking immigrant parents, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And um so work ethic was definitely one of the staples that was like ingrained in me. But at the same time, my dad wouldn't go to my games. Wouldn't go to my tournaments. What cuz he was working, right? So the idea and he loved me the best he could once I learned that. Um I started realizing like that's what I was doing. The validation that I wanted from my dad, I was seeking it from everybody else. Literally into my 20s and 30s. And when I realized where that came from, same thing. It was a quick And correction. It also allowed me to give grace to my dad where maybe I had a resentment towards him and realizing like he loved me the best he could. The more I got to understand how he was raised, right? He was an amazing dad. And and yet I'm putting a label on him. It's like, "Yeah, but he was great. Taught me this. Yeah, but he failed here." And I'm like, "Man, I I don't want my kids saying that. I'm going to drop the ball somewhere." &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're all flawed. We're all flawed. So giving each other grace, right? And that comes from love. It's like learning how to love better. And it's and I, you know, words of affirmation and affection, my mom 10x at. But yet I still seeked it from my dad, right? I think as as men you want we want that from our father. But again, 36 years and I met my wife Yeah, well that was going to be we can fall into this cuz this this is my next set of questions. Uh when did you guys meet? I want to know the first date. Yeah. How it went. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And what happened I know what happened after that, but like &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; how did Tell me about the first date. Yeah, so let me I'll start where and I'm and I'm I'm going to give you the the micro dose of it. So I had the breakdown in the car, surrendered it, and it was the prayer conversation, right? I was still picking a prayer. Very similar to yours. Again, God, hey, this is not working. I need your help. I need your help. The other element was I kept talking about wanting a family. Like, "Why am I here?" Victim mentality. "Why am I here? I work so hard. I'm a good guy. I'm [clears throat] a good guy. Why am I here? Why do I keep having these struggles? Big wins and then a loss. Big wins and then a loss. Not always monetarily, but emotionally and I was dealing with it on my own." Got it. Right? No one saw this. And uh so the breakdown happens and then part of that was like, "All right, Lord. If this this marriage thing, maybe it's not for me. I get it. Maybe there is Maybe you don't have a bride for me. Right? And if your plans for me are to to single, then I accept it. It was a part of surrender. Mhm. I accept it. I accept it. But if you have someone for me, just give me the eyes to see her. Mhm. Right? Mhm. Quote quote quote of the lifetime right there. A lot of times we especially in this world we're filled with distractions. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And what I've learned is before you're a husband, you need to be the husband. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that would attract that. That would attract that. I was not doing husband things. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I had gotten into bodybuilding. I was going out on dates and I'm like, what am I doing here in my I did this in my 20s. &gt;&gt; Yeah. This is not the game that changed. This is not what I want. And I had to be obedient enough in saying like, I'm fasting women. Like I'm done. I need to go deeper in my faith. I need to work on me. I need to be better equipped. This is when I started understanding putting on the full armor of God. Mhm. What does that look like? And it's man I I say it to this day we serve a God of suddenly. Like he will suddenly make something happen. But it takes us especially as men to take that first step. I do that and one of the first things I kept talking about in business and I'm like, oh snap this is relating into my faith. Like I need to be stronger in my faith and I'm realizing like I I need to be around other Christian men people I said at the time I need to be around more Christian people cuz I don't know what it is to to to do this and I didn't want to do it on my own. I'd go to church but then I'd go out downtown. So I was a guy that was like, oh there I was a a Well yeah, no we we call that the the Monday through Saturday not living it Yeah. &gt;&gt; and then you try and go repent it on Sunday. Sorry Lord and Yeah, forgive me for all my sins on Monday through Saturday. Yeah. Which was another turn off cuz I'd see that a lot with folks and I was like, guys why can't you just be good for 7 days of the week? Why do you have to be a you know a bad person Monday through Saturday and then go try and ask for forgiveness on Sunday? Listen so I've I've seen it man. Some people turn their lives around like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. My story wasn't like that. I literally had one foot in the church and one foot in the club. Yeah. In my late 30s which is crazy to me, right? And I'm like, what am I doing? Corporate job, got into bodybuilding, the whole deal. What I was doing at the same time I was masking a lot of the emotion that I was holding in by keeping myself super busy. Got it. Right? All of a sudden I had more time. It was like the best and worst thing he could have told me, right? Cuz it was super uncomfortable but I started this is where I started processing. &gt;&gt; for a high performer. So especially in the &gt;&gt; you're and you're a high performer. I mean just in every aspect of life, right? Professionally, personally, health, wellness, like you want to hit on all gears at 100 miles an hour, right? Just by nature. Yeah. And you know man this is this is uncomfortable. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um but again that was probably one of one of my biggest growth spurts um is really kind of understanding what that was. As I'm I have my uh foot in the church and I and I remember Miles Pastor Miles one time even said that at the Rock. &gt;&gt; And [clears throat] this is where I'm just I'm just church going, right? But I would go by the way and when worship would hit I was drenched. Mhm. Drenched and I am fighting back tears and I'm like, where is this coming from? I'm like, everyone's going to see me. Like what the heck is going on? &gt;&gt; beginning of the I started when I first started going to church. I would say you you were drenched before they they even started. Man, I was talk about I was just carrying so much stuff and not realizing and uh emotions for me were very hard to show. Mhm. Well, for most men they are. They suck it up, you know, like get over it. So we're taught that to suppress these emotions. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And um and they show up later sometimes at the wrong time. So yeah, I had all this stuff uh in me and I'm like, what is going on? And now again the performative side like who sees me? What's going on? My eyes are starting to get red. I'm like every now and then the tears would come down. I'm like, what is going on? Yeah. Um the Lord was definitely working on me and just basically stripping me. Um so then that's when I said I'm like, you know what I this is not working. It's like I I go back downtown. I live downtown. This church is in Point Loma. The guys I'm hanging around are great guys, you know, but I need to be I need I need to change my environment. So yeah, a few people that I saw going to church that I knew I'm like, hey you going to church? Yeah, great. Okay, you know, let's meet. Like can I meet you over there? Yeah, let's meet up and we'd go and and um keep in mind and when you hear Heather's side of the story completely different. Keep in mind that at this point there's no lusting over women. I am literally locked in. Okay. Fasting women, done. So [snorts] it was uh and one of my good friends, female, she's actually the first gal that invited me to church and uh great gal. She has beautiful family. Uh I I to this day I just I'm grateful for her and um Heather and I had connected. I'm like, hey you're going to go to church? Very casual. Hey, you going to go to church or something? &gt;&gt; Yeah, but how did how did you guys connect? Uh so we were so you become part of this community through Facebook and you seen who's going to the church. &gt;&gt; Josh. God. So &gt;&gt; the Facebook group through Facebook. &gt;&gt; Okay. You might say I slipped into her DMs, right? But that's not where my head was at. It was literally hey, are you going to be going to church? She had gone to the Rock. I'm like, dude I'm going to go next next Sunday. This was probably like on a Monday or Tuesday. You going to go? She's like, yeah, what service do you go to? It was whatever service at the time. Yeah, let's go. Cool. Left it at that. And then the small talk that you know messages start happening. Like, yeah so it's like, oh oh I saw you know so-and-so and you know she was obviously doing insurance already. And then it was like, hey what kind of music? And I'm like, yeah okay, you know, I was like, all right, you know. Um so we saw each other at church and I said, well let's grab coffee before. We grabbed coffee and Heather gives to me this like crazy like hug. And at the time I don't know what's happening at the time by the way. I was like, whoa what was that? Like what was that? &gt;&gt; hug. It was different. It felt different. Not weird, just felt different. And I just remember at that moment thinking, oh okay. Didn't think much of it. We grabbed coffee, great conversation and uh and then we go to service. All right, cool. You know, just two people going to church. Pastor Miles has a lovers series starts talking about the five love languages. Mhm. Which I had heard of, never really talked on it. Yeah. So we do service and it's funny cuz we kind of chuckle and then we end up like, hey you want to grab a bite? I'm like, sure. We ended up grabbing a bite at Tender Greens there at and I'm not even sure if they're still there. We closed the place down. I didn't realize we're on our first date. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Lasted like 6 hours. Wow. &gt;&gt; Right? You'll have to hear the in-depth the Heather's side of the story. She's coming in next. Yeah. Perfect. Heather her side of the story she had a very similar prayer. Where she had some bad experiences just you know dating some bad apples Yeah. and Or just just people not right for her. Yeah. And uh the idea was like, hey uh God telling her get ready you're about to meet your husband. And I'm like, yeah. And I'm like yeah I I laugh now. I'm like, I'm glad he didn't tell me then cuz I was so new to my walk that would have weirded me out. But I do believe it. I do believe it and it's just a crazy story. So anyways yeah, we ended up linking up and man we spent so much time together for a few weeks and we're kind of just hanging out and then for me now I'm in my late 30s and if you do the math she's like in her you know mid 20s. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right? And I would tell myself I would never like like link up with someone that young to try to do life together. My thing was I don't have the time to fart around. I knew how to play the game. Yeah. I can close. But that's not what I want to do. Yeah. Like I am not going to date just to date. Mhm. I want to be &gt;&gt; to be intentional. I want to be intentional. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Especially at that you're you're looking at things from a different lens at that age. &gt;&gt; 100%. Especially if you're getting things together, yeah. Which allowed us to go deep in some of the conversations cuz at this time I'm doing bodybuilding. So I am not drinking. We're not going out to restaurants. We're not doing any of that. I remember when we were like, hey what are we what are we doing here? Like what's what's going on? Which allowed us to go like, hey like if we're going to do if there's something here there's obviously chemistry here. You know, if we're going to do something like I literally laid it out the the standard no point of tender as far as like what my life is and who I am as a man, where I have failed, where I'm at and who I'm going to continue to be called. &gt;&gt; She probably respected that. Oh man, she was like, I've never heard that before. &gt;&gt; Why? I was about to say cuz most that's one of the I call it a woman would tell you that's one of the sexiest thing a man can share is like he he has this and this and this and planned out. He has a direction. He has purpose. He's driven by that. Yeah. Uh what tends to be um not uh attractive to a woman is when a man loses himself in the woman. Right? Which is why men tend to do that and they kind of fall into the withered pattern of oh happy wife happy life and I'm going to do everything to please her and I'm going to you draw back my purpose and drive and um excitement for life and going after what I want. Yeah. &gt;&gt; actually very unattractive to a woman. Like she needs to be able to look up to you, admire you and respect to you. Yes. &gt;&gt; And she can't do that if you're sitting in kind of this backyard pattern and not leading the family as a masculine energy. If you're if you're starting to like fall into you're like, okay well what do you want to do today, babe? Yeah. And uh and you ask her, where do you want to eat? What kind of food do you want? Yeah. How about you just choose it and then I'll tell you if I don't like it. Cuz that's actually the way it should be done cuz then the she'll tell you. If you're like, hey we're going to get Thai tonight. Yeah. She's like, no no no not not Thai. All right, well let's go this &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; But you lead it in and let her tell you no. That's fine. But if you just say, "What do you want to in your very withered pattern?" It's a feminine energy. She senses that. A woman, she's very intuitive. They sense this stuff. And I had to learn this cuz I'm like, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I do that all the time." And I think that I'm doing the right thing as a man trying to, you know, be there for her, but I'm What I'm ultimately doing is making her feel very unsafe, very uncomfortable. And I used to tell myself that I wanted an equal. And I realized it's like, "It can't happen." Biologically it can't happen. The more I understood the Bible and what how we're called to be and it's like we are called to lead. There's a reason we're called to be the neck or excuse me, the head and the woman to be the neck. We're both equally as valuable, right? But we have very different roles that are that are just as strong, but we have roles that we play. So in that, I told Heather and I said, "Because if it's not this then we can just like stop now." Which normally tell me we don't normally get that from the woman, right? If we're not, you know, if your intentions aren't to marry me, it's like, "Hey, we're just stop right here." Here I am, it's like, "Dude, my clock my clock was ticking." I'm like, "Dude, I I don't have time to sit here and like, yeah, let's give this thing a shot for two or three years." That was probably a complete shift &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; for her. She's like, "Yo, I have not seen this before. You're unique." Yeah, and I was like a 100X in my discipline. Discipline's definitely one of my strengths. That's why I geeked out so much in bodybuilding which I thought I would never do. She already had like a She was like, I guess you the best way you can put it she was already peaking over the fence. Like, "What does that look like over there?" She had done some like fitness challenge in one of her gyms and that kind of kind of exposed her a little bit to that world. I had never seen I didn't even know there was like a a bodybuilding world here in Mecca in San Diego cuz I was so caught up in like corporate and things like that. And I geeked out when it came to bodybuilding because it was it has been to this point one of the biggest things that has challenged me mentally. Mentally because it's literally 24/7. Yeah, I was about to say it's not just the physical side of it. It's the diet. It's the I mean discipline up the yin yang. So it was it was aggressive. It was a great season of our life. I remember even at the time I'm walking around jacked man. I'm ripped and I had to keep telling her, "Hey, hey, you know, I'm not always going to look like this. Like I'm not going to be someone that's going to work out, take care of I'm not someone that's going to let myself go the whole dad bod thing. I'll be thicker or some seasons, slimmer the other, but I'm I'm always going to be within striking distance. I would joke around, right? I was being serious, but I would joke around with her on that. Because I, you know, the superficial it's like it's easy to lust just as much as we can lust over a woman. That's why you need to love their soul. 100%. So the season of bodybuilding we she more than than I didn't get lost in the fluff that typically comes with dating. Like I said, I'm a great dater. I know what to say, what to do. It's a lot of it is smoking mirrors and it's all performative, but it doesn't allow us to go deep. Everything we did was like deep conversations, eating out of a couple of times. Did you get there pretty quick? Like Okay. Very quick. To the point where it was almost a little bit uncomfortable for me. Keep in mind cuz I'm coming out of a season where I've done a lot of excavating in myself and being more transparent and open. Here's what I've struggled with. Here's what I'm doing. But it was also in a way where I wasn't like a wounded dog or sitting in as a victim type. Yeah, you won't play the victim mentality. It was like, "This is This is all strength to me." So I I give God glory in the peaks of the mountains just as much as in the valleys and I had to learn how to do that. So were you guys both pretty good in your faith when you met? I would say definitely her more than I, but we're definitely very parallel in our walks. And again, 13-year difference, right? So yeah, we started getting deep into our conversations once we knew and I remember we'd sit back in my prayer. I'm like, "Lord, like, you know, is this her? Like, what's happening right now? This feels different. I don't know this feeling. It's definitely love at first sight that I've never experienced." And it was like it had its challenges, but the way we small challenges Do you believe in love at first sight or lust at first sight? Man, I that was definitely love at first sight. I think most of us fall in lust first. Yeah, and the only reason I asked that question is cuz I mean how can you love In in order to love someone, it's you got to get deep, right? Cuz you can lust the hell out of somebody. Hey, and I like your boobs. I like your butt. I like your face. Like I lust you. I like I feel like I'm in love with you cuz we spent had a great conversation for three times. That's not love. That is lust. The love comes in I call I call love being in your worst moment and I still look at you and still still in awe. I'm still like, "Wow, yeah." Yes. I think that was definitely I can't say you fallen I fell in love cuz it it required us to peel away at certain things. We started falling in love. Does that make sense? There was definitely at least for my part and my wife's beautiful man, but I just it's crazy. Dude, when I'm locked in I'm locked in. I don't care who you put in front of me like I just discipline is my biggest strength. I was just not in it and things would happen and I was like kind of like, "Whoa, what is that feeling? What is this?" And I'm like, "Lord, what is this? Like is this Is she the one? Like just like that? Like it's happening like now?" It's almost like you question it more cuz it happens so quick. I could have easily talked my way out of it. Yeah, I don't like the I was a guy man we would not that I had the the the gift to just hey I don't like the way she chews. She curses too much. You you'd nitpick it out. Oh, 100%. 100%. But again, we do that when we're it's like, "Hold on a sec. We need to point at ourselves what I need How do I need to be showing up?" You've heard the saying um And I got to ask you this question, you know, what happens when you chase butterflies? They all go fly away, right? But if you build a beautiful garden, they will all come and play. Right? So I think I think you're going to lean into like don't forget when you're pointing at someone you have three three pointing right back at you. Well, you could say that too. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; But yeah, I mean I was that but that made a lot of sense too because I mean we as, you know, men we we want to chase chase chase chase chase, right? Bad trait. Yeah. Go build a beautiful garden. Yeah. Attract. Don't chase. Attract. Don't chase. So it's interesting as you said that what popped in my head was that's essentially what I was doing. Yeah, you were building a beautiful garden. You attract the woman in. You know, cuz rather than you go trying to chase the woman that you think you deserve, right? Rather than you chase the woman you think you deserve cuz a lot of men do that. We think we deserve X. Oh, I deserve that. No, no, no, you maybe not the man yet &gt;&gt; that would actually attract that in. So stop chasing that. Why don't you just go build yourself to that? It'll attract it like a magnet. You don't have to do squat. The butterfly will come and play. That's so good. Yeah, that's I guess that's what it was. I was building the garden and I attracted her and and then you know, it was one of those things where I was I love the Lord man. I fear him more and it's like, "Hey, look, if you if this is my bride, I don't want to be the one to ruin it." And we had the moments of intimacy and I as a dude I would feel guilty like, "Hold on a second. Like we shouldn't like if we're locking in like we can't." That wouldn't probably last like about a week and then boom [laughter] again. So we had about a few months. This is real though man. This is this is crazy. Within a few months this is even crazier. We moved in together. And I'm like, "Man, I was In my head I was leaving San Diego. I was moving to Orange County. I moved out of downtown. I moved in with someone one of my friends here in Mission Valley. I'm like I just need a few months cuz I'm going to I need to bounce. I'm going to land a job, corporate job. These mortgage companies are all in Orange County. I'm going to leave." By the way, Heather had an apartment just down the street. In downtown? No, Mission Valley. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Again, this is weird in a good way. So we link up and so then I'm like, "I need If I'm staying, obviously I'm staying, right? Then I I need to go back downtown." So we ended up renting a space downtown. We got together. We got separate rooms. And we knew like, "Hey, we're going to do a life together. Like we're going to get married." I hadn't proposed yet. We're going to do this months in. Keep in mind I was in a 10-year relationship, never married. So it was it was crazy fast. So there was interest me there I mean the chemistry at that point once I took off the goggles and now now there's like just to happen. Yeah, just to happen. We had those moments and and either I she was saying or I was saying like, "Man, we can't we got to stop. We got to do this right." We stopped man. We weren't intimate for like two years. Not that it planned to take that long to get married. It was just the planning yada yada yada, but I was just like, you know, and we're both walking at Now at this point she's into bodybuilding. Yeah, she's gorgeous no matter what, but you know, obviously she's she's dialed in. I'm dialed in. My testosterone is through the roof. But God honored that man because I'll be frank with you going in and getting married a little bit of fear kicked in and doubt. I'm like, "What?" Especially if you've been in I mean she had to be scared of it, too. You were in a relationship for how long and you didn't get married?" She's questioning you like, "Can you commit?" Right? Not at that point. Maybe in the beginning. Maybe. That was probably a big big flag for her. We we nipped a lot of that stuff really quick in the right right. Again, we nipped a lot of stuff. Even some stuff that she saw from me and I saw from her. I'm like, "So to allow us to sit in it and address it and grow from it really fast. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um and uh So, the fear once we got married, it wasn't the commitment, by the way. It was definitely not the commitment. It was now what? It was man, I really want kids. I want the family. I want the unit. What if What if we can't cuz I'm older? What if I did some damage through bodybuilding? Think about that. Sure. You're putting a bunch of crap in your body that you shouldn't. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I still played surface level stuff, but the reality is it's going in my body. Went in my body in the later years. And then I fear kicked in. But, I strongly believe that God honored that because we honored him. And I'm not kidding you, man. Within a month, we got married in October. Uh Christmas Eve Um she broke it to me like, "Yo, I'm pregnant." &gt;&gt; Right there. &gt;&gt; we went to town. Yeah, we went to [laughter] town. We were had to make up some time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so a couple last questions I want to hit you up on. Yeah. When was the brokest moment in your life? And how did you pull yourself out? Woo! Man, that's a good question. Uh I think it was at in that car. Okay. 36, breaking down, working your ass off, but but broke. Yeah. And trying to climb yourself through like I'm doing all the right things that I think are the right thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Help me. Yeah. Help me. Yeah. That was the biggest breaking point cuz I think that's that's where my relationship also with my faith started. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And it's it's gone through some sprints. Heather and I have been together look come a little over 10 years. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The crazy thing is when we moved out of downtown right around COVID we got our place uh in North County. Um we also ran into a season of 2 years that were very difficult in our marriage. No one knew, by the way. We talked about this after. Yeah. knew. And um a lot of that had to do because of our disconnect. We we went back and looked back and what What did we stop doing? And what are we doing that we weren't doing that's affecting our marriage? And we were so locked in in her business and my business and we were busy. Yep. And we weren't going to church. I wasn't reading my Bible. I I would do the &gt;&gt; weren't connecting on an emotional level. &gt;&gt; At all. At all. And I'm a big believer now more than ever that at that time and that as a married unit, we're so caught up looking at each other that that can create separation. And as the spiritual leader of the home, it required me to basically 10x my faith and have a stronger relationship with the Lord, which through influence &gt;&gt; Did that help you lead the family? &gt;&gt; Did that help me lead the family? That was the biggest shift. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And we're She was looking for that, wasn't she? &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I wasn't doing it. I would do the you know, hey hey man and Yeah, it's interesting and it was explained to my for my therapist. He says, you know, when you get into a relationship, you have a Think of it like a seesaw. Right? In the beginning, it goes boom. Meaning like you're in the good position as a man cuz the woman doesn't know any different. You're new. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you're in the winning seat and the seesaw's in your favor. And then what happens? It's like a cut by a thousand knives. Yeah. Starts to balance out. Then if you keep going and don't correct it, boom. Goes the other way and then all of a sudden you're like, it's not that it can't be fixed, right? But, if you as a man don't understand those four key things, which is the masculine feminine polarity. And there's so many things that play into that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; The difference between how men and women men and women process emotions. We process logically, women process emotionally. &gt;&gt; Emotionally. And then attachment styles, critically important. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And know that. And lastly is understanding the female psychology. Yeah. And that kind of leadership role as a man and blah blah blah. So, let me ask you this cuz Kate kind of brought up as we're talking around, you know, the marriage topics and Yeah. engagement stuff. And it's going to be my second marriage and yeah, so of course there's hesitations around any of that stuff, but not really cuz she's incredible. Um So, the faith side of it. She brought up and this is you know, a bit of a a sour part of it or I guess I a concern cuz do you know the difference between a what's called a a covenant marriage and a um stewardship marriage? Are you familiar with this at all? &gt;&gt; Yeah, covenant, yes. &gt;&gt; Meaning covenant being the man's like going to provide, protect, and he's choosing the woman and the woman is surrendering, not necessarily in the sense of like, "Oh, you're all great and mighty." But, I'm surrendering myself to you and to the family and I'm going to help multiply you. Basically. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right? &gt;&gt; Yep. And as a result of that me multiplying I can provide financially, but by choice not because it's required. That's covenant marriage. Like I'm always going to work and do stuff cuz I have a passion and a career and I want things, you know, and all all but I would need to be by choice. Yeah. Not because you as the husband are requiring me to provide financially. Okay? Versus the stewardship marriage very similar to that, except it's kind of an expectation that you will participate a little bit financially as a woman. But, then that &gt;&gt; takes away this concept of I'm going to surrender and multiply you. And she's very much on the covenant marriage. I'm for it. But, I'm stained a bit because I've seen women take advantage of men. And so, because of that, I'm like wait, but I'll provide. I'll be the main provider. That's not the problem. Like in fact, 95% I don't know. It's not like a number, but I'll be the main. But, I kind would like some participation. Right? And so, I'm stuck on this and I'm moving through it cuz I'm kind of I think it's it's a matter of the trust thing. Like I need and I and I do trust her actually, which is why I'm like literally succumbing and surrendering to this. And I'm finally coming around to it that like, okay, like you know, pattern recognition. I see what you do. I don't believe you'll ever give that up. You want to work hard and have a passion outside of the home and not just be sitting at home with kids and dribble and you know, throw up all day long. Like you want something for yourself and and you'll participate cuz I see you participating now. So, I should then okay, pattern should tell me you'll participate a little bit later and I'll be the main provider. So, I should be able to like submit to this. And you know, but I still have like a I'm holding on to this like fear of like, okay, we get married and all of a sudden then it's all on me. And I've seen that happen where men get taken advantage &gt;&gt; Where's But again, where's where's the fear? I watched it happen earlier with a little bit to my dad. I've watched it happen to my friends and you know, all this other stuff. So, I'm like, uh you know, I would even say it kind of happened a little bit to me where it was a little on my first marriage. Um even though she's an incredible mother and a great person and all this other stuff, little bit of a bait and switching Yeah. going on there. Yeah. So, it's stained it a bit. Uh so, I've been very careful around that. Yeah. Right? And so, that's what I'm dealing with kind of going through this. Yeah. I'm open to it. I'm not like closing it down and saying no red line. Yeah. I would love that to happen cuz I'm all for protecting and providing and being that as a man. Um and I love the concept of her helping multiply us. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right? Cuz I think women are beautiful at that. Um What advice can you give to me? I'm asking for it here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, well, I get it because I mean, as you know, you know, my wife, she has her brokerage, which we're both a part of. The reality is she she runs that bad boy, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um so, business woman. She It's just she understands as much as I is the hats that we wear. I'm not showing up when I'm showing up as a husband, I'm showing up as a husband. I'm not showing up as a private money lender. Got it. I have to know the role in the rooms that I'm in. Got it. Right? And at the end of the day, the the core principles are in our faith. Um and that's what we lean on 100% of the time. So, I if anything, I would ask you is like addressing, I know you mentioned, "Hey, I'm seeing it because I've seen it happen here." But, at the same time, how would that be fair to Kate? How is that fair to Kate? So, my question to you is why did you choose her? Why did you Why have you chosen her? Let me ask you that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um many reasons. Um incredible mother. I love that she's faithful. Um very much a giver. Like she thinks of others before herself. Um physically beautiful, obviously, right? Um She is a go-getter. So, I like that about her. You know, it's it's a very attractive quality is she is a go-getter. And so, yeah, there's no there's no signs in any of this pattern that she would ever take advantage. That she's always going to want to give and help and you know, participate. Yeah. She just doesn't want it to be a requirement. She wants it to be a choice. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Cuz she wants to help multiply. Yeah. And so, it's it's &gt;&gt; in the And this is in the career that she's in, correct? Yeah, and and and so, um yeah, it's me surrendering to that, basically. And so, that's been our recent little talks and battles as we kind of now start approaching this, okay, like we're we're moving towards engagement and marriage and all this other stuff and it's real. And I'm all for it. So, it's kind of like you know, I've been then asking you God for direction. I've been praying about it. She's been praying about it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, kind of lead us in this way and you know, I have affirmations and prayers that I listen to each day to kind of help guide me through it. And open my eyes, if you want to call it that. Show me the way. &gt;&gt; Um and it's helping. Cuz I'm kind of like paying attention to it now and I mean even though she has an insurance business and she's doing all that stuff, are you the main Yes. Well, actually at this point we're we're pretty we're pretty equal, actually. &gt;&gt; But meaning like are you are you paying for most of the bills? Correct. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. But she can if she wanted to. &gt;&gt; Yes. Okay. It's a choice. Yes. Not a requirement. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Got it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; that based on that kind of system that she'll participate in by choice, help multiply you guys by two? &gt;&gt; not even a it's not even a conversation. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, it just for us it's like we're we're a single unit. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um I couldn't see myself doing that to her. Yeah. And saying oh, cuz I do this and I do this and you need to do that. &gt;&gt; Got it. Versus I and I'll bring it back to myself and this where I encourage a lot of men. Dude, you could still be the provider, the breadwinner, pay the bills. That doesn't and and still be a great father, still be a great husband and still have connection, still have it you could still have it all. We we've been given that gift, but we have to choose that and get ourselves out of our own way. Because the idea of like hey, I work so much and I don't have time and I can't do this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That is self sabo- sabotage external. &gt;&gt; So, I I would say pray on it, but at the same time you have to surrender that and get yourself out of the way cuz you're putting as we do put our our traumas uh or anything we've seen, these filters that are not from God that it can pull you away from something very good. &gt;&gt; Mhm. You know, so it's the idea it's like you have you have the answers as far as why you fell in love with this woman and why you allowed her in your life. The fact that she is a a go-getter and doing that and she still shows up for you as a bride. You haven't married her yet, but she still shows up for you and loves you for who you are, not for what you do. Not for what you provide, but she loves you, loves your heart and loves your soul. Shouldn't we be doing the same and allowing her to do whatever if she's going to do and provide for the home? If that home is one unit. Yep. &gt;&gt; Right? I There granted, a little bit different for us cuz I have my hands in in the brokerage, right? But if I were to pull my hands, there's the trajectory that our brokerage is going in or the the brokerage is going in. It's it's going to surpass maybe in the next 2 years the private money lending side. &gt;&gt; Got it. Right? So, it's but the way I we see it, it's like this is all one. Got it. This is all one unit. So, the short of it I would say just learn to surrender that, man. You know, what a blessing that you know, Yeah, I mean I I I agree. I mean &gt;&gt; you have a spouse that it's it's both of you. That doesn't mean she's in her masculine. I think that's a lot of again the the hoopla that's out there. It's like again that boss babe like I'm independent. Right? I I I don't need a man and I you know, I I can do this on my own. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's all hogwash. &gt;&gt; It's all hogwash cuz reality is it's like I don't want to do that. &gt;&gt; guarantee you that every single one of those women that's a boss babe would are going to end up nothing more than to come home Yeah. &gt;&gt; and surrender into her feminine. Into her feminine. Guaranteed. Yeah. But she feels that she can't. Yeah. Because whoever she's with or whoever she may even consider being with won't level up to take that masculine energy. So, she has to take it for him. &gt;&gt; And there's a lot of strength and beauty. Yeah, there's a lot of strength and beauty in being feminine for a woman, right? And I think that that's been twisted somehow. Especially when a when a when it steps into a woman that wants that the concept of multiplying and being there and providing these things for the household, for the family, for the kids, for the man. Yeah. And being there to kind of help level him up. Yeah. Which then levels us all up Yeah. So. Yeah, I mean if if if if Katie Katie, she's able to do her job or her business and and you know, she's still fulfilling at home and fulfilling you, why not? In the same way we're again, we're running our business here. We're still fulfilling at home, why not? Right? Again, the core of it, she loves the Lord and it's like man, if she's she wants nothing more than than to serve you as much as we want to serve our spouse. Yep. Why not? Don't let that be a barrier Yeah. that can open up a door that you don't want to open, right? In the sense of like man, again the trauma, whatever we've living through, that's what you're sprinkling over it or we've seen. I I really I follow patterns, but I I married my wife. Mhm. You know, we study each other. How do we feed into each other and not too worried about what other women do and what other women have done. Just in the same thing that she can't worry about what other men have done. I know I'm &gt;&gt; That's a Listen, that's fair. Yeah. That's fair. Yeah, just keep going. &gt;&gt; your community and we'll kind of I'd like to finish up on this. So, yeah, the standard. How did it start? And then where is it at today and where do you want it to be a year from now, 2 years from now? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Man, a lot of it started you go into this life of stuff that I've lived through, right? Um and I caught myself constantly speaking on these standards of life and I knew that I always had a calling for something with faith, not simply corporate and business and coaching. I always felt a calling. I don't know I didn't know what that looked like. I also didn't want it to come from an ego standpoint of like hey, Lord, put me on stage at church cuz here I am doing what I'm doing. That's the last thing I wanted. Um again, talk about perfect timing. A lot of it started developing as I was leading 49 going into 50. This is very recent. Um where I &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; 49 a lot of these conversations started happening. Um where I caught myself having conversations with men that were very intimate that I was not used to having. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Right? And I'm talking about you know, stuff you're typically not hearing in a podcast. It's like just deep stuff and and burdens that you start realizing like man, there are so many of us men out there that are just broken. Mhm. Um and a lot of it stems from childhood. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's a matter of getting in there and getting deeper. Uh &gt;&gt; Yeah, one of the and I always say it's everything happens and it's kind of a cliche, but everything happens for a reason. Yeah. &gt;&gt; There are reasons that those relationships didn't work out, right? But it led me to then wanting to do the work. Yeah. Cuz if I wouldn't have had that happen, I would have not recognized the pattern Yeah. and then said hey, I need to look at this. So, then there's the seclusion aspect of it. Like you I've been guilty of that. Not dealing with emotions, not dealing with struggles, not asking for help. All these things we talk about and it's like man, why aren't we I can't tell you to do it. Right? I have to create the space to do it. So, if if I How do I expect you to be share these issues and problems with me if I'm not willing to do the same? You know, I can't sit back and just say hey, you know, call me if you need me. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; What would carry more weight by me just telling you how many people have you asked that that actually said yeah, you know what, I need you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Versus like seeing what you need and just doing it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. Or or or creating environment for that to come out. Yeah, so you know, and I I and then you look at stuff in social, it's again performative, been guilty of that of you you if you're successful financially, you know, it's very hard to be a good father. You can love your kids, but it's hard to be a good father or a husband or you know, in order for me to be a good husband or good father, um you know, means my business can't thrive. Uh you know, because I'm married and have kids and you know, why do I need to take care of my body? Now I'm irresponsible. I'm drinking, eating whatever I want and it's like no, listen, it's not about perfection. It's really let's release those burdens, grow from them, but also encourage each other and be like call each other up. Where I'm going to be like you know what, Justin, like whatever you bring to me regarding your relationship, I'm always going to take you back home. Mhm. I'm not going to be that guy. Yeah, but you know what, she did this and she did that. You don't deserve this. You're better than that. Let's go to the bar. &gt;&gt; Yep. Let's go to the strip joint. Let's do I'm not that guy. Right? I'm going to be like okay. What do you How did you participate in making sure &gt;&gt; that's funny cuz that's why they always say, you know, you should never take your problems to your to your friends and and and and that way because a lot of them will do exactly that. Oh, you could do better than him. Yeah. You could do better than her. Yeah. Oh, let's go get wasted tonight, look at some chicks or whatever or vice versa if it's girlfriend and girls. Oh, you know, you can do better than him. The To be frank with you, sometimes just in conversations that I've had with uh highly influential men. Yeah. And they see how I'm living and how I father my kids, they're sometimes like man, you know what, OG, like I've got this multi-million dollar business and it's like here's where I failed. He's like man, you encouraged me to get back on it. to get back on it. &gt;&gt; it's never too late. It's never too late. It's never too late. &gt;&gt; time. I know we're running over here. I'm good. Yeah, I'm good. The uh Yeah, it's just 1:00. Got it. We'll make it quick. Um We're going to do another podcast. &gt;&gt; I know, man. Some of this a lot of it started with how where I was lacking, God tells me create the room, let me do the work. And it's pretty awesome the way that's been happening, you know, it what I thought was going to be a podcast started as a community and a brotherhood. Podcast is going to follow. There's a lot of strength and beauty in the pod, but it's been a brotherhood and really encouraging. The my in my head I was like, "Yeah, let's grow these chapters." And then I really pull this back and be like, "You know what? No, I I want to go deeper with the guys that are in it now." Yeah. You challenge each other, call each other up. And again, doors just started opening where guys were reaching out saying, "Hey, do something out here in Scottsdale." A couple guys in Nashville. Like, let's do something. It's going to happen. Where do you do your workout sessions again? &gt;&gt; We do it at a place called Longevity Labs in Carlsbad. It's actually my buddy's office. I need to get your butt closer here. Uh [laughter] he's uh Cuz I know you've sent it to me a couple times and I want to go. I'm just like, okay. How do I work out with the kids cuz I have kids certain days and is it in the morning early mornings? &gt;&gt; It's usually though that workout is typically the third it's always the third Friday of the month between 10:00 and it's from 10:00 to 12:00. &gt;&gt; Oh, dude, I got guys coming some mid-morning. Yeah, mid-morning. I do I got So that's a lot of that should work where kids go to school and then I could drive up. Yeah. Dude, I got guys coming down from Orange County, Inland Empire, LA. &gt;&gt; Now I know that. I've had guys from Colorado fly in. Like, yeah, literally just come in cuz they plus they see a lot of the guys that they either know directly or want to know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. We got a lot of cool guys. A lot of dudes just crushing it. They either have communities or crushing in life and life you know, guys closer to my age, a lot of some young dudes that are just studs that have sold tech companies and crushing it and and wanting it's like, "Hey, I want that type of marriage. I want to be that type of father. So I want to be around these type of guys." &gt;&gt; Sure. It's so much more you you you have to. Because you know, energy inflicts upon energy. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And and we all know it. You're the average of the five people blah blah blah blah. &gt;&gt; have that. Yeah. And and the reason why you are the average of them is because if you didn't become them, they wouldn't hang out with you. So perfect example, if you want to be a bodybuilder Yeah. go hang around bodybuilders. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Why? Because if you don't become a bodybuilder, they won't hang out with you. If you want to be super maybe it's professionally you want to be X. Well, go hang around that environment. Why? Because if you don't become that, they won't hang out with you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right? It's everything and if you want to have an incredible marriage or be a faithful person, right? And get into to your faith go to church, hang around that environment just like you did. Why? Cuz if you don't do that, they won't hang out with you. Yeah. I mean, even that you know, that's that's a rule one of the rules that Heather and I have is you know, we we hang around couples that are willing to do the work. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Not perfect couples. Sure. &gt;&gt; Sure. No one's perfect. Everyone has their challenges. Couples that are willing to do the work. I don't hang around dudes that you know, are married and are out farting around. &gt;&gt; Got it. We hang out with each other and we have actually really cool conversations. Always grow We you know, we fart around maybe for like 10 15 minutes. Someone will pitch a question and we just kind of go down a rabbit hole with it. And that's pretty cool, right? It's not too common, but again, then you you you scale that into like the standard. It's like we need to be having more of these conversations, right? It's like, "Hey Justin, you know what? I'm struggling with this." Or even business. Some dudes are drowning and it's like you may have the answer or the connection. If I'm not coming to you because it's like, "Hold on, I can't show weakness in my business." Right. That's going to snowball into the marriage and the &gt;&gt; of the the the biggest challenges for men, right? Because they don't want to show weakness. Yeah. Cuz we're taught. Yeah. Dude, I have talked to some of the most influential guys that I know are usually the quickest that will tell me especially coming from the real estate space, right? Some of these guys are like, "No, dude, our business is struggling. We're losing so much money right now. Da da da da." But they're still doing really well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But that's that's a high performer mentality. Super high performer. Super high performer. So I pay attention to that, too, right? It's like, well, are we also self or we want to help, but we're telling everyone we're great and we're so busy. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And it's like, look, it's tough. Here's where we're struggling right now. So we're pivoting. We're doing these changes to our business. Here's what we're doing. Here's the struggle. Yeah. You might be like, "Hey, you know what? I had that same struggle." And then I integrated this program. I integrated this software. And then we're talking through like, "Man, I would have probably would have taken me another 2 years to figure that out." Right? &gt;&gt; having those gross conversations just as much as my in our marriage. Like, "Dude, you know what? I feel like I'm dropping the ball at home. Business is great. I'm healthy, kids, but it's like I don't feel I'm connected with my wife right now. We do dates and da da da, but you we're not having those intimate conversations. So at least again, sometimes we may have the answer. We just got to get it out. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah. For me, the more I talk on it, God gives me the answers and the guidance that I need and I'm like, man, it like I knew this all along. Mhm. You may tell me something that I already know and I'm like, I needed to hear that again. &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, different way. Yeah, the whole butterfly thing to me I'm like, dude, that's that just stuck with me. I was like, yeah, I was creating the art. &gt;&gt; Well, no, and I don't know if you you've done Tony Robbins stuff at all ever. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. I was a big Tony Robbins &gt;&gt; Um And I heard his stuff a million times million different ways. And just recently I was at a Patrick Bet-David conference down in in Florida and and Tony spoke at it and I was closer to the stage this time. It was like third row in. So you Tony's like right here. And he says, "Does everybody want a breakthrough today? Do you want the secret to a breakthrough?" Of course everybody's like, "Yeah." He's like, "Here's what you do." He says "Everybody wants to start with okay, I want to be at A and I want to go to Z. The how, the strategy, right? They want to figure that out." Yeah. He says, "You'll never figure that out if you don't get your state of mind correct first Yeah. which then creates the story you're telling yourself in your brain as to why you can or cannot do it which then affects the strategy, the how." Yeah. So he says, "Stop with the strategy first." He said, "You'll implode every time." Yeah. He said, "You got to get your mind right first." And we're like, "Okay, great. We want to get our mind right. How do we do that?" He says, "You have to start with gratitude." He says, "Your mind physically cannot be in a state of happy gratitude in in a in a state of depression at the same time. Cannot happen biologically." So he says, "Every morning you can run it this pattern and if this doesn't fix your feelings of sadness, like if you get if you wake up and you feeling like you're in a you're in a rut which a lot of people do. We go through it. He says, "This is how you start. Start with three things you're grateful for. If that doesn't do the trick, I want you to walk outside barefoot, stand on soil or grass, some form of soil. Yeah. Look up at the sun you know, light. Doesn't have to be sun, but sunlight. Five deep breaths. And get your body into a state, right? Right? And if that doesn't do the trick and give you you know, in a better emotional state then I want you to turn on a playlist on your phone. It's five songs that you know without a shadow of a doubt if you listen to these five songs, you will be happy. I don't care if it's happy day like whatever it is, right? For you. It's it's five songs that do it for you." He says, "I guarantee if you do those three things, that'll help with the state of mind." Yeah. Gratitude, then you ground the body and all that stuff. Five deep breaths. If that doesn't work, playlist cuz music moves emotion. Yeah. He said, "So now your state of mind is in a good spot. Now we move to the story which you keep telling yourself as to why you can't do it. The imposter syndrome, all the BS." Yeah. He said, "That is the story, but it starts with the state of mind because once you get those energetically moving, then you'll figure out the how to. The strategy will just come to you. But if you don't align those two things, you'll never have a breakthrough." Yeah. And a lot of times we're praying for the blessings and we're ignoring the ones right in right in front of us. &gt;&gt; The simplest of things and I there's a lot of power in that, man. Staying in gratitude even amongst the storm when things aren't going wrong. Like, "Hey, what are we learning here? What are we pulling away?" And as I said earlier, a lot of times it's that. It's just learning how to get ourselves out of our own way and realizing we don't have full control. No, and that that has been a learning process for me. And I finally as you know, Kate's got me closer to it and I'm in leaning into it and coming back into it. I mean, I it's crazy. Group Christian church was pushed away from it for a while. Went to Pepperdine University, Christian school where I kind of study the Old New Testaments, got back into it, but was still kind of like, "I don't want to fit into the box." So it's kind of I was there. I was like one foot in, one foot out. Right? &gt;&gt; Right. Been there. And then it wasn't until this kind of part of my life where I'm finally just saying "Okay, I'm going to surrender. Fine. Let's go. I'm going to I'm okay. I can't figure it all out. I can't control it all. I'm going to do the best I can, but I kind of surrender to allow it to happen." Yeah. &gt;&gt; And step into it. Yeah. Um and it's changed a lot of things. It's brought Kate. It's brought business. It's brought you know, all these other great things and you have to constantly remind yourself you got to surrender because it's easy to want to control it when you kind of can be I do recognize I'm kind of a control freak. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I have to let that go a little bit. Right? All you can do is what you can do. Fine. And then you have to let it ride. Yeah. And let the house show up sometimes and let the universe do its thing and that's God and let it roll. There's your answer, right? Yeah. There's your answer. You got to you got to let go. They let it roll. We got to you know, God moves when we move, right? There's still that responsibility. Again, that the concept of the whole lazy Christian, but yeah, let go let go of the reins. Let God take control. &gt;&gt; manifestation is there. You can ask the universe for it. I would say that's step one. But then you you got to be aware. Yeah. You got to be aware and because what will happen is God will bring that into your universe. Yeah. But if you're not paying attention to the crack in the door, when it walks in the door Yeah. and you're not paying attention to it &gt;&gt; Yeah. it'll walk right out. &gt;&gt; Well, that's the having good discernment and how you're stewarding the gifts that have been given to you, right? That comes with responsibility, too. So. We can keep going. &gt;&gt; your time, man. It was fun. We could go for [laughter] 14 more hours. Yeah, yeah, easy, easy, easy. Good stuff. &gt;&gt; Uh anything Where can people find you? Like uh anything you want to last Yeah, check us out on uh check us out on Instagram. Uh check out the standard at uh uh live_thestandard on Instagram and uh check me out as well, all in with OG on uh on Instagram. Appreciate it. Yeah, fam. Thanks for having me. Sign off, everybody. &gt;&gt; [music]