How to buy apartments in the next 90 days? Here we are, almost mid-November. You have the remainder of November, December, and then we're here, 2025. So, now is the time because if we always say anything you're doing here in the next 30, 60, 90 days is going to produce what happens in the first quarter next year. So, if you wanted to say lock in a a multi-family deal in the first Q1 of 2025, what do you need to be doing now to make sure that that happens? So, we're going to go through that tonight. So, how do you buy multi-family? Does anybody remember that year? And just to kind of give you a couple you know, a little little rough summary about me, if you don't know who I am. So, I'm Justin Brennan, multi-family investor, kind of born and raised in kind of the real estate field in general. I'm going to get into it a bit, but I'll kind of cross out '05, '07 and before that, right? And let's jump right into kind of that financial crisis years where I came in, started working a little bit with my family's business after I'd already kind of made it a bit out here. I came into the family business and then all of a sudden, boom, the financial crisis hits and I literally watch my dad lose everything. Complete utter collapse. I mean, I'll never forget it. It was literally April 8th, 2008 at 8:35 in the morning, lot of eights. My dad walks into my office and he sits down and he says, "Justin, the banks have called. They're shutting down all the loans." Because we had some construction loans out on some deals we were doing and building. And obviously I responded to I said, "They can't do that. Like, we have loans. We have agreements. Like, they can't just do that." And he says, "Yeah, I know. I told them that and we went through it, but they said, 'We don't care. Sue us.'" Right? Sue us. Cuz they knew everybody was going down, them included. So, they were going to cut their losses and realized that everybody's up you you know, S-H-I-T Creek and here we go. You know, so there were stories kind of written about it, but that's, you know, that's little little little young Justin and my dad, you know, we didn't grow up rich. I mean, we grew up on a little traditional middle class three-bedroom, two-bath home in Dory Road, Medina, California. And then my dad learned from my grandmother who, you know, grew up and learned kind of the real estate industry and God bless her soul at 91 was driving around an S10 truck collecting rent from her tenants, right, in South San Diego. And then she taught my dad, so my dad took it and he kind of became that transitional character in our family, right? The person that goes zero to hero. Really bad childhood, grew up, stepdad used to beat the crap out of him, etc., etc., right? Part of the story. Goes off to Vietnam, comes back, gets into real estate brokerage, starts selling, doing that stuff, hates it. Now wants to do development, gets into development, starts building some single-family homes and stuff and grows big, right? Does big developments, like big big big developments, right? A lot of stuff. You're riding through all the different cycles, right? His His income would literally mimic the real estate cycles. I mean, you take it from the savings and loan crisis of the late '80s, early '90s all the way into the foreclosure or the financial crisis of the early 2000s, 2008, all the way through. Literally mimic real estate cycles. But the 2008 crisis, I mean, it took a lot of people down. Took him down. And I watched it happen. It was devastating. But I will tell you this, in moments of suffering greatness is born. And that was like a quote that I live by. In moments of suffering greatness is born. Cuz there's always light in all these tunnels if you look for it and pay attention to it because it can then shine a light on where you're going. And so that was pretty big moment, but what it taught me was this, don't ever over-leverage. Don't ever over-leverage. My dad was incredible at making money, right? He was a driver, director. Great at making money. He was also very good at losing money. So he would, you know, he would leverage. And that leverage, you know, great when markets are great, but it can overtake you when markets go south. And when they're violent, like 2008, party's over. So, I learned the game of don't over leverage, and you want the cash flow game. It's not as sexy, it's a slower ride, but it's always consistent, will help you sleep. That got me into the apartment game. And in 2010, we bought our first deal. It's a $100,000 condo. Literally, that's a photo of the front door. And then by 2018, we acquired about 20 units. We had about 3 and 1/2 million dollars of assets, some duplexes, triplexes, fourplexes, stuff like that. We thought we'd made it. We're like, this is the greatest thing ever. And we'd done it mostly with our own money, which we were super proud of. But then what you start to realize is, gosh, we want to go bigger, we want to do all these things, but we're running out of our own money. Like, how do we actually scale and do this the right way? And then you start to learn about this game called OPM, other people's money. When you understand how the game of money works, and how the US economy works, and how the beauty of OPM, other people's money, then you realize, gosh, the real game is leveraging our money, the money that we have, whether that's 20, 50, 100, 200,000 dollars, whatever it is, with other people's money who want to invest in real estate. That's why you're here tonight. To go buy and scale in the multi-family game. So, then from 2018, having about 3 and 1/2 million dollars, to today, where we have over 685 units and about 180 million, I mean, we did that in a three-year window. And it This happens because of my learning and my understanding of OPM, other people's money. Because prior to that, we were using most of our own, which was great. Nothing wrong with that. But we wanted to grow and do more. And you don't do that alone. You do it through partnerships, you do it through collab- collaboration, you do it through community. And once I got it, I was like, oh my goodness, I've been missing out. Like, what have I been missing out on? And that's what I learned. So, that's actually why you're here tonight. You're learning, how do we start multifamily? How can I even get in? This is a smaller stuff, great. But then if I wanted to scale and do larger stuff, how would I do that? And how could you do that? Okay? How could you do that? My B HAG. If you don't have one, you need to have one. Your big, hairy, audacious goal. And then Sophia, we'll get to you in just a few minutes cuz we'll actually bring a couple people up here on screen tonight. And stay with me. We'll go maybe a little bit long, but not too much, right? We're going to give you a lot of good data tonight. Your B HAG. Right? Your big, hairy, audacious goal. So, mine is 10,000 units. Right now we're at 685 and growing. We're going to be at 1,000 here pretty soon. 10,000. You Like I said, you don't do it alone. You do it through community, collaboration, and partnerships. That is how OPM works. Other people's money, right? Community, collaboration, and partnerships. That's how you learn. That's how you grow. That's how you work together and everybody wins together. Right? It's the whole law of reciprocity. Right? You don't take down this alone. Most of it was done on our own here. That's cool. Once we wanted to go here, we always have two, three, four partners in a deal. And every single one of these deals has 20 to 30 investors in it. Right? The smaller ones have about five to seven. The bigger ones have 20 to 30. Two or three partners, 20 to 30 investors on the big stuff. You don't take it down alone, guys. So, if your mindset is I want to do it all on my own, this probably isn't the right setup for you. Because what I'm going to show you here tonight is how you leverage your money, what capital you have available to you, whether it's 20, 30, 50,000 dollars, 100,000 bucks in capital for you tonight, and how you leverage that to go and get into this space. Start maybe with a 10 to 30 unit and then grow into the big space. We're going to show you that, okay? You do it through collaboration, partnerships, community, all that stuff. I'm not doing that alone. I mean, this is literally how we started because it wasn't more more about two, two and a half years ago, I had a lot of people approaching me. And they're saying, "Justin, we see everything that you're doing. Like, we love it. Like, can you teach this stuff?" And so, initially, I was like, "I don't know. I don't know if I have the time." But then we put together some kind of courses people could take at their own pace and kind of learn it. Because then we could collaborate and partner together on things. But that was amazing. People loved it. But then they came in closer and they said, "Justin, we loved all of that. This is great. But do you have like hand-holding, like a mentorship, like community? Do you have things that like we can actually learn and get access and close to?" And I said, "No." I said, "I really can't do one-on-one mentoring. I don't have the time for that. You know, but I said, "Let me think about some things and we'll get back to you." And then time went on and I said, I got with our team and I said, "What if What if we could create a win-win? What if we could create a community of well-trained investors around the country, right? Who are get who are learning, right? Getting knowledgeable, getting trained, doing deals, having success. And then as they have success, now we can graduate in and start to partner, finance, collaborate, capital, all that stuff together and get into bigger, bigger, bigger, bigger deals. And then everybody starts to partner and grow and win together. What if we do that? Because then now we're winning, because now we're growing our portfolio. They're winning cuz they're growing and getting rich, and everybody's winning. Like, that is what I can get behind because that is kind of the law of reciprocity. Giving back creates abundance, abundance to give. And that is where it all came around. But it started with community. Right? And that's how we got to where we're even here tonight. Right? We do this to create collaboration and partnerships and community. Because we know that if we can get enough great investors doing stuff around the country, how do you think I'm getting to 10,000 units? How do you think you're going to get to your first? So, has anybody ever played this game, the seven mountains? Right? We talked about things that inspire you and move you cuz money's good. Money's a great motivator. But once you start making it, it's not going to drive you further. So, what I'm curious about, and I ran this is kind of like a self-identity audit. And I did this I do it every year, but I started doing it about a year ago, and it was so amazing because what it did for me is help me identify the things in my belly that get me super excited. I'm going to explain why this is so important here in a minute cuz you're going to do this for yourself at some point, which is going to move you to do things in life and stop being so afraid of taking some risks. And maybe that big risk is tonight. Okay? So, is it sports and culture, family, media, government, business, education, and religion? What like are you passionate about? Like when I when you hear any of these things, name the two, three, four that you're super passionate about. Is it sports and culture? Is it family? Is it media? Is it government? Maybe you love politics. We just went through that election. That was interesting. That was fun. Right? Business, education, religion. Right? Which ones are most passionate to you? Because these are the things that like get in your belly, get you excited, get you moving. Because what's going to happen is they're all probably going to start with this. Okay? And I love that, the family side. And the family's not just your personal family, it's also philanthropy, giving back, helping others, leaving a legacy well beyond yourself. Sharing those results real quick. Now, let me show you how it's probably going to work for everybody here. Probably going to start with a successful business. Number one. Because you got to drive revenue. Because once you have money, money gives you choices. Now, with those choices, you can start going after the other things you have passion for. So, business, give me an example is mine, right? So, kind of running through this. You got business and media, right? So, those are two of my first ones. Business and media. Okay? Then from that, you grow that, so you the business growing, then you can get into the media, it helps expand brand name, all the things you're doing, because by the media expansion, what then can you do? Now you can come through and start educating, helping others, giving back, creating community. The multifamily school community around the country of well-trained investors who are learning this stuff like you're doing tonight, but then finding ways to partner, collaborate, and grow, and win. And win. And then from that, now I can take all that and give back. Not only to my personal family, my kids, and everybody, but also philanthropic things that are passionate to me. Tunnels to Towers, we give to that heavily. Seal Future Foundation, we help transition team guys, SEAL guys, from the SEAL life, right, which is I mean it's amazing, but it's so tough on them, into civilian life. How do they do that correctly? And then we give back to disadvantaged kids. We take kids that are in tough scenarios, and how do we help them through life to have role models, right, and then a belief in education and a belief system that they can do great things. Right, cuz you need a belief and you need a good role model. But all of that, but you can't do it if you don't have money. I mean, you can give time, but you can have more influence if you have choices, and money gives you the choices. So it starts with the business, then it goes to your other passions. Okay, business, media, education, and then family. So that is literally mine. And this gets me so passionate every day, which is why we're here tonight. Successful businesses then allows us to do media to expand. Then be from that, now we get access to help educate, which then comes back to philanthropy and family. You see how it all connects? And yours should, too. It should probably It's probably similar unless you have other passions in government, religion, and sports, but somehow that's all going to connect. And this is really important because this is what's going to drive you well beyond tonight. Right? I mean, you get to meet some pretty cool people when you start doing this stuff. I don't know if the great Brandon Turner, so I don't know if you guys know Brandon Turner, BiggerPockets, great guy, incredible guy. Ryan Pineda, you got Mr. Apartment Rockstar, Robert Martinez, and obviously Mr. Grant Cardone, Uncle G. And then uh Jeff Fenster, good buddy of mine. So, you get to meet some incredible people, collaborating, partnering, community, all of that, okay? So, creating wealth in real estate. Now, we're going to get into the nitty-gritty. So, here we go. We're actually going to get to the nuts and bolts tonight. Enough motivation and passion. Let's go. So, creating wealth. How do you do this? In real estate, the formula is simple, but it's how you execute it that is the nuance. Would you agree with that? You take an asset. Okay? You use OPM, other people's money, that includes banks and friends, family, other people, whatever it is, OPM. You borrow the money in some way, shape, or form. Private lenders, friends and family, right? Lenders, other things, right? You borrow against it, then you get it to cash flow, so it's making money and paying everybody, right? It's paying for itself. And then you get to a point you can refinance that asset and grow it, then you can also sell it, and then you rinse and repeat. And that is literally the wealth creation game of real estate. I mean, you can take that with a lot of assets. It's even more powerful in real estate because how you can leverage properly good debt against it to do this game. And every single time, in the combination of refinancing a property, pull cash out, that's tax-free, and or selling that property to liquidate and move on, in addition to the cash flow that you're producing from it, that is how you get rich in real estate. So, why multifamily? There's lots of real estate. We still flip houses, okay? Flipping houses is great. Single-family rentals is not. Multifamily rentals, great. But flipping houses, cuz that's a quick transactional money, right? Take the money and you pivot, right? You take the money from from uh from flipping and you move it into multifamily. That is the true game, right? If you're going to be transitioning money from short-term to long-term, right? That's what you do. But, we love flipping. So, we're all about the flipping game and you can move that money into multifamily and or other commercial real estate assets that act like multifamily. But, why multifamily? You're paid five to eight times throughout the transaction. When you flip a house, how many times you paid? Once. You wholesale a house? Once. Most real estate asset classes? Once. You get into the rental stuff, you start seeing a few more. But, with multifamily, five to eight times. I'm going to get into that. You get economies of scale. I mean, I was talking to a buddy the other day, he had 12 single-family rentals. And he's like, "Yeah, blah blah blah." I said, "Listen, man, that's awesome, but you have 12 different roofs, 12 different yards, 12 different insurance policies. One tenant moves out of your single-family house, you go from 100% occupied to zero overnight, right? You have 12 different of everything." I said, "I can drive up to my 12-unit building, and I got one roof, right? I got one insurance policy, I got one mortgage. If I have one tenant move out, I'm still at 93% occupied, I'm paying my mortgage and all my bills, I'm not sweating. All that stuff, economies of scale of repairs and maintenance, on and on and on. It's easier to finance. So, single-family rental or single-family home, the bank is It's a residential asset. So, the bank is lending to a residential asset. Because of that, the lending's completely different, because they're looking at you personally, like you literally personally to pay them. When you get into multifamily or commercial assets, the banks are looking at the asset and the cash flow and the business of the asset to pay them every month. They're not looking at you as much. So, you are less relevant in the process. So, much easier to finance that. And then we talked about earlier the generational wealth game. What do you want to pass on your kids? I was chatting with Ron Adeers, who actually signed up into our community today. Amazing guy. I'll give you his quick story. So, a realtor in Tampa Bay or just outside of Tampa Bay has three kids and a wife. He's in his mid-40s, makes good money as a realtor, okay? But he's tired of the rat race game, right? He's been in it for nearly 10 years. He's makes good money, but he wants to start positioning that money and moving it into types of assets that he can build generational wealth. You know, he has a 12, 15, and 17-year-old. And he's like, "Justin, listen, man, like my kids look up to me. I'm trying to do this for them and my family, my wife. I'm making good money, but I feel like I'm just like in the circle and I'm not building like core wealth. And I And I feel like the only way I can do that is to take the money and pivot it and get into this stuff, but I need to learn it. And then I need some hand-holding to like help me get there, so I don't make any dumb ass money mistakes, right? And then I get myself into a bigger hole than I'm in right now. So, he's in and he's super excited, but that's the kind of stories that you hear of where everybody's at. I don't know if that resonates with anybody here tonight, but if it does, I mean, that's how you're going to get there. I mean, I was a realtor for 10 years doing residential sales. So, I could speak directly to his case. And I said, "Listen, man, it's going to take you two to three years to do a full transition, presuming you want to. Two to three years to take it from where you're at to where you want to go to where you can say bye-bye to real estate sales." Okay, bye-bye to real estate sales. And you'll be making enough money with multi-family to be able to do that. And here's how we're going to do it. And I walked him all the way through it. Right? With our team members and stuff. And now he's he's super excited. But generational wealth, cuz that is ultimately why everybody is really here. Right? It's the legacy wealth to pass on to you and your family. So, I don't care if you were buying a two-unit property, okay? Or a 100-unit property. Doesn't matter. It's literally going to follow the exact same pattern. You have to know how to find the deals. How do you find them? How do you analyze them? Great, I found this deal. How do I analyze it quickly? Is it a good deal, bad deal? How do I know this? Great, I found it, I've analyzed it. How do I finance this baby? How do I get the debt and the equity, put it together, structure it legally, and close the escrow to closing, and then great, I own this beautiful 10-unit property. How do I manage it? Or how do I hire the property managers and make sure that they're good property managers so I don't lose my ass? How do you do all these things? All it's the same pattern. So, that's why I want to know in your mind where you feel the roadblocks are at. So, finding deals, that's step one. How do we find deals? There are only two ways to find deals on planet Earth. There's two ways. You either go direct to the broker or you go direct to the seller. That's it. Direct to broker or direct to seller. The direct to broker approach is the correct approach for a new person getting into the game. Let me explain why. The direct to seller approach works, too. It's just more time and capital intensive, so it's not smart for somebody new to utilize that method yet. We use it now because we're established, but in the beginning, that's not the right That's not the right method. The correct method is going direct to brokers. And you want to utilize their on-market to get to their off-market deals. Utilize the on-market to get to the off-market deals. What do I mean by this? Let me give you a perfect example of how we got started. So, you you kind of saw my story. One condo, then we get into some of our own stuff, and then now we got to grow, right? So, we're going to start syndicating deals with us and OPM, other people's money. And how do we start finding deals? Well, first of all, we identified a market that we liked. So, that's step one. And we identified Kansas City, Missouri. That was our first out of state market out of California. And then we went into Kansas City. Well, I knew one broker at that time. So, I started reaching out to that broker, but then I went online. I went on Crexi.com. Have you ever heard of the website Crexi.com? Okay? And I can show you all this is all the stuff that we kind of mentor and teach, etc. Crexi.com. And I picked out three properties that I had interest in that were on the market in Kansas City. And I called on those properties. And here's kind of how that phone conversation went, the initial one. Ring, ring, ring. Hey John, this is Justin with the Brennaman Polley Group. Uh I'm looking at your property here on Warwick Street. It's a 25 unit. Uh just came on the market. Um you know, we're looking to buy in Kansas City, specifically kind of this area. Tell me a little bit about this deal. You guys have activity on it? How are you guys getting offers? How are you setting up tours? Tell me a little bit about it. All right, they're going to go on and on and on and on and on. What I'm doing by starting that process is I'm building the relationship a little bit. Cuz what I'm going to do is set up a tour on that property and two others. Then I flew out to Kansas City. Okay? Toured Kansas City, understood the good areas, the bad areas, the good markets there, you know, all that stuff, right? The little nuance of areas you want to invest in. You have to do this if you're going to be doing out of state. If it's in your backyard, different scenario. This was out of state. And then you're going to get to know it. So, now I'm building the relationship with the brokers. The on market deals never worked out. That wasn't the point. Those on market deals were a lure. Because they didn't make financial sense. But then what happened is a lot of these brokers, as you well know, the guess is how the game works. And I would say it's even worse than this. But for the simplicity tonight, on market, off market, probably 60%. And it's probably higher than that. Probably higher than that. But just for the sake of tonight, 40/60. So, anything that you see on any of the websites, Crexi.com, LoopNet, CoStar, any of that stuff, the stuff that's on the websites is there because it's overpriced. It made it it it made it through the off-market game where the broker has the listing, they send it to their friends and database and investors and stuff pre-market. Okay? And then if it gets picked up, it gets sold. It'll sell right here. If it doesn't, then it's going to move to the on-market websites cuz now it's overpriced, nobody wants it, so it goes to the websites to see if there's some sucker that'll pay for it. And that's how the true game works. And then it'll sit on the web until it either gets gets negotiated down or somebody gets suckered. It's one of the two. But this is how the game really works. It needs to happen here. And so, how do you get access to these off-market, we call them pre-market deals. You have to use the on to get to the off, and you leverage the relationships to get access cuz now those brokers I talked to, they started sending me deals cuz now I was in there, I met them, I talked to them, I said, "We're going to buy here in Kansas City. I just need These deals aren't going to work out. Maybe some other ones will. So, John, do you have some pre-market stuff that maybe is coming up in a month or two?" Right? That I can take a look at now. Yes, we do. Here's some stuff. Boo boo boo boo. All of a sudden, now I started to see deals that financially made sense. So, when I underwrote them, right, found it, analyzed, I analyzed and it made sense. Great. How do we go to the next steps of making an offer, financially putting it together? But that is how you find deals in the game of multi-family. That is what we teach, that is what we educate, we hold your hand through it, all the nuance, what to say, how to say it, how to do this stuff. Critically important, right? But that's how you do it. That is the process of buying apartments and finding deals. Uh Frankie asked, "What's the percent of overvalue that are 40%?" They're all, all of them. 99.99999 of the stuff on the websites is all is is overpriced. Right? It's there because it went through this process first, Frank. There were no takers. And there were no takers because the seller wanted too much money for what the property was actually worth. So then the broker says, "Okay, let's go ahead and put it on the market." And they put it on the websites, they put it to market, and it'll sell. Eventually it'll sell, but there'll be some negotiations and quite a bit. And that's nine times out of 10 it's not going to sell for asking price unless it's some crazy market where everything's just appreciating through the yin yang, okay? Which was there a couple years ago. How much overvalued? Tough to know. Tough to know. I mean, I I mean, that's depends. I mean, what is the property telling you for? Because you got to remember, when you get into commercial real estate, um Frank, it's not about what I think it is. It's very simple. There's math. And the financials tell me. So it's not like do I feel or do I hope or what does the comps tell me? It's not about comps. It's about this multifamily 8 10 20 100-unit building has a financial statement. And that financial statement tells me what the property is worth, right? Cuz we'll get into that and how you analyze deals. So how do you analyze deals? That's step two. We found the deals, great. Now, how do we analyze these things? And once again, I don't care whether it's a two-unit property or a 100-unit property. It is going to follow the exact same pattern of net operating income. That is your number one focused number in the entire equation is net operating income, and I'm going to explain why here in just a minute. So now let's get into how you analyze. Two-unit or 100-units are relevant. Focus on net operating income and the power of it. Literally, I'm going to blow this up so you understand the power of this. For every $1,000 per month that I can increase the net operating income on that property, I increase the value of it by $220,000. Literally. $1,000 equals $220,000. So, if I can boost, let's take a 10-unit property for simple math. If I boost the rent by $100 per unit per month, I just added $220,000 to the value of the building, 10 unit. Okay? Simply by taking 10 units at $100 a month, increase that value $12,000 a year, I just now pumped $220,000 in value into that building. Simply by raising the rent. $100 per month per unit. That's it. Okay? So, the power of NOI. So, what is our little formula? Here's your formula. Now, when you get into bigger deals, like keep in mind, there's just more line items and zeros and stuff, but the formula is exactly the same. Gross income of the property, all the rents collected together, what is the gross potential income? Then you're going to take out things called economic loss. So, this takes into account four key factors, physical vacancy in the property, cuz everybody thinks, "Oh, I just need to account for vacancy." No, you don't. Physical vacancy, then you're taking loss to lease, that's the difference between the market rent and the actual rent that you're getting. So, maybe the market rent's 100 bucks a month, but you're getting 90. That's a $10 loss to lease. Then you're accounting for bad debt. Some people aren't going to pay their rent. You got to kick their ass out and evict them. You're not going to get that money. That's bad debt. Then you're going to get into concessions, especially in this market right now, you're having to give people free months rent sometimes to get them in to keep them in. So, free months rent and concessions. So, you put all that together, that's your economic loss number. Typically, in most markets around the US, you're going to be running somewhere in the 12 to 18% off of your gross income number, right, It's going to get you a sub category or a sub a subtotal. And then you're going to add in what's called other income. This could be pet rent, parking income, late fees, admin fees, tech fees, cable income fees, utility reimbursement. I mean, on and on and on, right? List is long. Other income, that gets you to EGI, effective gross income. Effective gross income. And from there, you're going to take out your property expenses. This is property taxes, insurance, repairs and maintenance, turnover costs, property management fees, all that stuff, right? The litany list of line items. And that gets you to that beautiful number, right? Net operating income. So, you see, in order to get this number up, there's only two ways I can do it. I either increase the income or I reduce the expenses. Increase the income or reduce the expenses is how I get that number up. So, once again, if I can boost the rent $100 per month per unit, 1,000 bucks, 12,000 a year, I just added $220,000 in value to the building. That's your formula for value. People ask about what's cap rate. So, a cap rate, just so you know, I'll throw this out there, we won't dig into too much cuz there's a lot of weeds on this. Cap rate is essentially the cash on cash return if you put no debt or leverage or loans on a property. So, the percentage return that I'm getting from that property without any leverage. So, the cap rate in a market, when they say, "What's the cap rate? How do I find the cap rate?" There's a few ways you find cap rate. Local brokers will help you determine that. Market comps and stuff in the area will help you determine that. They'll give you general cap rates. So, you can ask brokers, "Hey, what is a property kind of like this in this area selling for on a cap rate basis? 5, 6, 7%, 8%? What is the cap rate you're seeing?" They'll they'll will give you an idea. And then you'll want to match that up. But the formulas are right here. And we get into all this stuff. So don't don't uh sit there. You don't have to take much of notes. You'll take out your loan or your uh loan, your debt, and that gets you your free cash flow. And that is literally the formula for how you analyze a deal. Then the question is, okay, great. What metrics should I be looking for that would tell me it's a good deal or not? So what makes a good deal? These three metrics. IRR, cash on cash, and equity multiple. These are the high-level metrics. There's obviously a lot more. There's a lot of nuance. Uh tonight you're going to get and uh we got to make sure it's in there, the multifamily toolkit that I'm giving everybody here at the end tonight. Okay? You're going to get a little small toolkit. Nothing incredible, but it's pretty good. Give you some basic tools to use. One of them's going to be a deal analyzer that you're going to get. And in there, you pump these numbers in and gives you the numbers out. Very very simple math, okay? But the IRR, cash on cash, and equity multiple. Uh you want to see an IRR, this is internal rate of return, annual rate of return, of 14 to 20 plus percent per year on your money. Cash on cash is another method of cash on cash, meaning if I give you a hundred grand, I'm getting six to ten percent on that hundred grand physical cash every year. Equity multiple. If I give you a hundred grand, how much of that how much do I get back on my hundred grand throughout the total ownership of the of the property? 1.8 X or more. So if I give you a hundred grand, I expect a hundred eighty thousand back out at least in order for me to consider it a pretty decent deal. I'm going to give you some weeds tonight, but don't let this kind of, you know, scrape over you. Pay attention to the big picture things, which is is this cool? Do I like it? Can I make a lot of money and do I want to actually do this and learn it? Right? Cuz all the nuance, don't worry about it. That's teachable. Right? It just comes down do you like it, right? And can is this something you're actually interested in doing? So, what was that, Shy? Yeah, so uh can you hear me okay? Yes. Awesome. Uh so, the question came in, can you explain how the process uh like how can pretty much how does the investment make an IRR of 14 to 20 a year? Um So, I think the real question what is what is IRR and how how does it actually how does an investor make that? So, in More I I think the more is the like okay, I think it's more thinking very linear like if I give you a 100,000, do I get 120 back end of year one? Right. So, you got it. of the way that's being thought, I guess. Correct. So, um the cash on cash is the number that's like real in in in live time. So, when it says 6 to 10% cash on cash, that means that literally the property's producing that and giving that to me as an investor. Okay? IRR takes into account the cash on cash plus any appreciation, right? That I add to the building. So, if I take that building from a million dollars to a million five and then I sell it or I do a cash out refinance and pay myself money plus all the cash that I'm getting from it, right? That's where you're getting that actual return. And so, the appreciation plus the cash is what gives you your IRR number. That's how that's really calculated. And then that pays the investors, it pays the owner, it pays everybody. Okay? So, is the IRR would you say that's a not necessarily that it's every minute of every month that the money is in there, they're getting exactly 14 to 20. It's just over time, the number is going to fall between 14 to 20% Per per year on your money. That's right. Yeah, cuz you can have a 200% return. Yeah. Obviously, annualizing that out it is going to annualize out to that over a 5-year window. Make sense? Absolutely. Yeah, I'm just saying okay, like cuz you have to look at the whole game about money is if I have 50,000 in the stock market and I'm going to pull that out and I'm going to go put it into a real estate asset, well, the stock market on average is giving me about 8.2% a year on average. Yeah. So, this real estate, which is a little higher medium risk and less liquid better produce me at least double that. Otherwise, why would I take the money out and go risk it? Mhm. Right? I mean, not to mention any tax benefits and blah blah blah blah blah. But, keeping in mind, these are the metrics you want to look at. There's so much nitty-gritty on it that we could spend literally 4 hours here tonight. But, the point is you're trying to see okay what makes a good deal, why is it a good deal, what's the general returns that you would see on a multi-family building. I'm going to get in, I'm going to actually literally show you a case study tonight before we finish on something that I bought and exactly how much money I made. I'm going to literally walk you through all the ways I got paid and what you can expect if you were to get into multi-family yourself, all the ways you're going to get paid and how it would happen, when it would happen, the timelines, everything. So, that way you can picture it for yourself, if I got a deal today what does the whole thing look like? Okay? Awesome. And then, I believe Gregory is asking if you could explain EM again. Yeah, so equity multiple, all that means Greg is if I put $100,000 in, what what times, what multiple on that do I get out of the deal? So, if I put in 100 grand in this case I'd be expecting $180,000 back out over the whole life of the deal. But, then the other returns after I mean all this has to match together, guys. It's not one or the other. Right? All of them have to play. So, for us to consider a deal, in order for you to consider a deal, before we would even allow you to do a deal, or even the bank let you do a deal, it's going to fit. Right? All of these things are going to fit. Otherwise, you're not going to do it. That's how you analyze a deal quickly. You're like boom boom boom, either it does or it doesn't, go. Next one, next one, next one. And that's how you can look at deals pretty quickly. Uh average life of the deal three to five years. Now, you can hold deals longer. We have deals we've held for 10 years. The typical lifespan three to five years. So, great questions. Awesome. Keep going. So, how do you make money? People ask that. How do I make money in real estate? Or how do I make money in multifamily? Remember I said there's five to eight different ways that you make money in multifamily? Here are other ways. Number way number one is an acquisition fee. Very standard. You, as the general partner, are putting a deal together. Okay? And with that deal, you are putting a lot of time, energy, and everything into it. Raising capital, putting it together, the debt, finding the deal, all these things you're doing. Right? It's a lot of work. You're going to get paid an acquisition fee that's built into the cost of the deal on the price. So, this can range. I mean, I'm going to show you one tonight that I made a $45,000 acquisition fee, okay, on a $1.25 million property. And I'll walk you through that. Asset management fee. This is paid monthly. So, 1 to 2% of the revenue on that property for you to asset manage that thing for the investors. Different than property management. Asset management, okay? You're going to typically be getting 30 to 40% of the cash flow being pumped out of that deal every month. You're going to get 30 to 40% of the profits pumped out of that deal typically two times throughout the ownership life cycle. You're also going to get all the tax write-offs that come with this that we haven't even talked about yet. That's the holy grail. And then let's say you're doing renovation on the property. Well, there's also construction management fees that you can earn, 5 to 8% of the construction cost. Then when you go to sell the deal down the road, you can get paid a small disposition fee, typically a half point to 2% of the sales price. Then there's also finders fees. I mean, if you're really good at finding deals, you can make a lot of money just getting paid finders fees, typically 1% of the purchase price. Plus sometimes you get a piece of the general partnership, right? I'll get into that. So, in terms of a timeline, let's say you purchased a deal here year zero, 2024. Right? You're going to get the acquisition fee right here in the beginning. Then every month you own that building, you're getting paid cash flow, right? Then maybe right around year two and three, you're going to refinance the building cuz the value's now gone up. You're going to pay yourself some cash out, like a lump sum, plus you're getting all the cash flows on top of that. Maybe you pay back some of your investors and stuff like that. And then at the end, you're going to get paid a profit. And that's kind of your life cycle of the building. This could be a 10-year life cycle, could be a three-year life cycle, could be a five-year life cycle. It all ranges. Okay, it all ranges. But generally speaking, these are the different ways you get paid. I don't know another real estate asset class that you have so many different ways to get paid on. Right? At different stages. Right? Some monthly, some big chunks, right? You're making money throughout the life cycle of the ownership. That's why you do it. You don't do this to be broke. Right? You do this to be make good money. And you're making good money because you're producing great results for investors and for yourself. If you think about it, your income, whatever it is you do, your income is directly related to the problems that you solve. Has anybody ever heard that quote before? Your income is directly related to the problems that you solve. In real estate, when you're doing syndication and you're general partner putting deals together, you're solving big problems. It's no different than a hedge fund manager, right? He's out there solving big problems for all of his investors in his fund. I am out here solving big problems for all the investors that are in my fund or in my real estate asset. I'm making them a ton of money. Excuse my language. Right? And because of that, I get paid well. If I'm making them a bunch of money, I better make a bunch of money, too. Makes sense? So, that is the ways you make money in multifamily. And you can absolutely 100% do this, okay? So, how do you then raise money? Cuz okay, think about it. Remember the process? We found deals, we've analyzed them. Now, how do we actually raise the money and finance and structure these things? How do we do that? You need a deal that makes financial sense. Remember we talked about the different metrics? So, if you have a deal that makes sense, raising the money's not that hard. But you need a deal that makes financial sense first. Then you need a pitch deck that explains what the deal is. You're going to get one here tonight, for free. One of the best ones you'll ever see. Pitch deck. This way this will explain It's a template. It'll explain everything about the deal. It'll answer literally 95% of the questions any potential investor or interested person will have about the deal. Okay? And then lastly, you need a process. You need a couple systems in place to help, you know, attract and bring money in. If you have those three things, you'll raise money. But if you don't have a deal that makes sense, it doesn't matter what you do. It's not going to be easy to raise money. Not going to be easy to raise money. So, a deal that makes sense, make sure you're trust you're trustworthy as well. But that's the three components of raising money. Right? There's a lot of nuance in this. We teach this stuff. I'm not going to spend hours on it cuz we could. We could literally spend a week on this if we want to. And we do inside the community. But for the sake of this, these are the three components of raising money. You need a deal that makes sense. You need a good pitch deck, and you need a good process. If you have those three things, raising money's not that hard. Fear of raising money. Yeah, just I had a fear of raising money. I had a fear of raising money. that comes up on uh like the socials and like comments and like even on calls that like people have a lot of concerns about like I think it comes from a mentality of uh they don't want to bother people. They don't want to be the person like asking for money from other people and stuff like that. And so just a mentality of asking for money more than anything else. Got you. Yeah, I had the same thing. But then my mind got tweaked when somebody explained it to me like this. Everybody wants to invest in real estate. Okay? Everybody. You're here tonight. Everybody that's on this live tonight, you want to invest in real estate. You just know know how to get started. Okay? But if I came on here tonight and rather than me showing you what we were doing and I came on here with a pitch of about a 25-unit apartment building in the Midwest and I broke that deal down for everybody here and I showed you, this is a deal. It's a $25,000 minimum investment. It's a 3-to-5-year hold. Projected returns are 18% a year on your money. Right? All of that. I just go through it. And I said, "Does anybody here tonight have any interest in maybe investing in something like this or do you know anybody that may?" And your response to me is probably going to be, "Yeah, I may. It's a $25,000 minimum investment you said?" I said, "Yeah, it's $25,000 minimum investment, 3-to-5-year hold. Your money gets projected returns of about 18% a year." Do you have any interest? Great. Yes. Can you send me some more information? Absolutely. I'll send you our pitch deck. Boom. And they're going to go through the pitch deck. It's going to answer 95% of the questions for them. So that way the only phone conversation I'm having is about a two or three of the questions that are probably going to get them over the hurdle. One of them being, "How much money are you investing in it? And can I like and trust you?" Cuz once we get that handled, the deal will take care of itself. Take care of itself. You got to flip that mindset. Cuz everybody wants to invest in real estate. They just need a deal that makes financial sense, and they need a trusted source to invest with. Would you agree with that? Cuz that's really what it is. I mean, think about it. If you liked and trusted me, and I had a good deal that you believed in, like you like, "Yeah, that's a great deal. And yeah, Justin seems like he's not a fraud." You'd probably have some interest. If you had 25 grand you want to invest in real estate, you'd probably consider coming into the deal. If I just gave you more information about it, so you can get comfortable with it. So, the raising money part is not that hard. You've got to flip the mindset. You're providing an opportunity. You're not asking for money. Cuz everybody wants to invest in real estate. You're providing them an opportunity to make money on their money. And you just want to make sure that it's a good deal. You're not a fraud, okay? You have a process and everything for it. Okay? You got to get your mind wrapped around and tweak that. You're providing an opportunity for people. Anybody out there. And when I say raising money, that comes in so many forms, you guys. Cuz I get here all the time, "Well, I don't have any friends and family. Everybody I know is broke. Nobody has any money." I can't tell you how many times I hear that. Guys, it's because of your limiting belief systems. Literally the limiting belief systems have started to tell yourself and your brain cells that that's what's going on. But I guarantee that people know people that know people. And if you had a deal that made financial sense, okay? Attracting the money to it is not hard if you had a good pitch deck to explain it and a process to bring the money in. You would bring the money in. Trust me. That's also why we tell and we mentor all the people in our community, we say, "Listen, we don't want you going after big deals. Your first deal is going to be somewhere between 10 to 30 units." And the reason why is cuz the capital's easier, right? Not a huge capital. And you're dealing with mom-and-pop brokers, mom-and-pop sellers, more mom and pop scenarios. So you can actually get them to call you back and have conversations and make things happen. You can raise some money if you need to. You can actually take down a loan easily if you need to. It's very achievable. But if I came in here and start pitching everybody on going after 50 100 plus unit deals, there's no chance in headlights you're pulling that off, especially if you're a novice and you've never done it. It's never going to happen. So I'd be trying I'd be basically setting everybody up for failure and I just won't do that. So your first deals, anybody in here tonight, if you decide to come in and be a part of the community, 10 to 30 units on your first deal and probably your second one. And then after that, we can go big and then we can partner together. Like that's how you're going to do it cuz that'll actually get you achievable results. We're like next year in 2025, everybody put down your your goals. Let's go make one of them happen. But that's how you're raising money. Does that answer that question, Shy? Or did I get on a tangent? It does. No, it does. We actually had a couple follow-ups to that. Bruce Hey Bruce, we've talked a couple times. All right, Gregory Gregory said, "How do you tackle the question, what do you bring to the table?" You're going to bring money to the table, Greg. So you're you're going to be bringing money into these deals yourself. Some. Right? And typically it's 10% of the equity. So if you're raising say 300 grand, right? If it's 300,000 down payment for the deal, you're bringing in 30 grand. Right? You have to have some capital in these deals. So if you don't have any capital, then you need to get some before you do this. Because if you respond with that question, "Oh, I'm not bringing in anything." Bye-bye. But you do that to me. Like if I if I came in here and pitched all of you guys and said, "Hey, I'm raising 500 grand for this deal." And then you're like, "Yeah, I love it, man. It's great. Trust you." How much you guys putting in the deal, Justin? And if my response to you is, "Well, nothing." What are you going to think? Right? So, the the answer is up. You're bringing We're bringing in equity, 10% typically, and then we raise the rest. Um so closing, we're not going to get into that too much. Right? It's a whole another discussion. Managing, it's a whole other cuz everybody focused on when I looked at everybody's things, it was finding, analyzing, raising capital, and structure. Right? Finding, analyzing, raising capital, and structure. So I want to kind of show you guys this case study real quick of this 31-unit deal. Okay? Um Yeah, I hope that makes sense, Greg. Yeah, you you definitely need some some skin in the game, even if it's minimal. And once again, that's why we keep you bite-sizeable in the beginning. Right? Where you're bringing in I mean literally, I'm going to show you. I mean the headline of this whole thing was, "How can you buy a 31-unit deal with $18,000 out of pocket?" I would just show you. And this is not uncommon. This is very common. So this is the 31-unit deal. $18,000 out of pocket. How did this happen? Well, when you understand the value of OPM, your money in conjunction with others, this is how it goes down. Purchase price was a million five 25. We put in about $400,000 in renovation to the building. We had a closing cost of about 225,000. So our all-in cost was $2.15 million. We went out and got a loan for about 70% of that. We then had to bring in about 645,000 in equity down payment. That was our money in. We I brought in 64 grand. 10%. Remember, Greg, 10%. Went out to about five to seven I think this one had seven investors in it. $581,000 was raised. How did I raise that money? Right? How did I raise that money? I had a deal that made sense, I had a great pitch deck that explained the deal, and I had a process to bring them in. I mean we we had a waiting list. Right? Trust me, if you have a deal that makes sense and you have a good pitch deck and a process, raising the money's not hard cuz everybody wants to invest in real estate. That's not your problem. The problem is do you have a deal that makes sense? Right? And do you have a pitch deck that helps explain it to them easily, nicely, where it's like you can actually grab it. And then are you trustworthy? Right? Once you have that, so then I we got an acquisition fee of 45 grand. All right, I can't even write. Right? 45 grand. So that was my acquisition fee. I think it was 3% of that. That's right. Yes. So I was actually out of pocket 18 grand. Okay? So the when I say acquisition fee, that happens day one. It's built into this closing cost number. So literally the day that we closed escrow, right? 64,000 goes across, 45,000 comes back out. Literally out of pocket 18 grand. Okay? So what did I make on that 18 grand? Over the life cycle of this deal, what did I make? Well, within 24 months we took the value that building from 1.5 3.6. Now normally it's not you don't get that kind of bump. We did. This was a rare deal. But even if it wasn't, didn't matter. Cuz now we did a cash out refinance. So this is another term you'll learn, cash out refinance. So we refinanced this building and we literally pulled 100% of our money out. Plus we gave ourselves a little bit of money on top of that. All of it because the tax code was tax free. I was getting paid a 1% asset management fee. Then because I owned 40% of the building myself, I'm getting 40% of the profits and 40% of the cash flow. Coming out. Boom boom boom boom boom boom. So about $2,000 a month times 5 years, about 120 grand. Then my net profits from the sale were about 470,000. So I made $590,000 on an $18,000 investment. This is not crazy uncommon. The only thing that was abnormal was the how much we bumped the price. That's cuz the market helped us do that. And we bought it so good. But, that's that's a deal. I mean, that is a not an uncommon scenario, okay? Not an uncommon scenario. And you're the general partner on the deal. You're the general partner on the deal. So, the question was asked, "How did I get 40% of the deal if I only put in 10% of the money?" You're the general partner. And because you're doing this and setting it up, that's what you get. Very, very common. Okay, so here's the building. It's owned by its own limited liability company, right? And then the structure of this deal general partner limited partner. This is you. This is your investor. Now, they're going to bring in Whoops. 90% of the money, typically, and they're going to get Oh, now, let's just say for simple math, we'll call it 70% of the deal. It ranges. It ranges, but 70% of the deal. You over here, you're going to bring in 10% of the money. And you are going to get 30% of the deal. Remember when I said 30 to 40% on this the one I just showed you, it was 40%. This one's 30. So, that's how that's going to break out. So, if I brought in 64K on that deal and I got a $45,000 acquisition fee, so I was technically I brought in 64. But, I was really out of pocket 18. And then I'm earning money on the 64 cuz the the money is in the system earning money. So, I'm earning money on the 64,000. But, that's how a basic structure is going to going to um set up. Yes, Bruce, great question about the syndication and SEC regulations. Yes, there are. So, once again, this is weed stuff that you get into if you're in the community, blah, blah, blah. So, yes, you do if you're raising money from people, right, that you know, know, know that well, you in some cases, not all, in cases you need to go and what's called file a a a reg D a reg D offer. Right? Which is a 506B or 506C. Don't want to get into that tonight. That's all nuanced stuff. But yes, to answer your question, there is processes that you follow to make sure you're done and it's done legally. But very, very common, once you do it one time, you just rinse and repeat. How did the acquisition 45K go back to you? Uh in a wire. Out of escrow. Yeah. Yeah, Greg, you're doing so many things when you're doing a deal. Remember, I'm the general partner. I found the deal. I analyzed it. I put it together. I structured it. I'm running operations. I'm doing everything. Other than managing the day-to-day operations with the property management company does. So, I'm doing an enormous amount to earn my fees, and I'm producing great results for the investors on their money to earn my fees. Right? If you're once again, what problems am I solving? Your income is equivalent to the problems that you solve. If I'm making people a lot of money, I'm solving big problems for them. So, therefore, I get paid as well. So, that's how it all works. It's not some fugazi fugazi. It's very common. If you do great work, you get paid well. If you do crappy work, you get paid crappy. You know, but do great do great work and you'll get paid beautifully. Right? Do crappy work and you'll get paid crappy. But yes, that's how it comes back to you through a wire transfer. But you had asked like, how do I earn it? I think was your question. How do I earn it? You're earning it through all the stuff you're doing, Greg. Yeah. Great question, though. Great question. Um Can you wholesale the deal to a cash buyer? Uh there is Yeah, I mean there's wholesaling in in in in multifamily. It's harder because it's it's a different ballgame. You got to remember, you're dealing with a lot of pre-and-off-market stuff and there's a lot of good cowgirl and cowboy club stuff going on in the multifamily space. So, it's not that easy to um the only way you're wholesaling a deal, really, is if you're if you are just you have a massive operation going out direct to sellers, which can happen. And there are acquisition companies out there that will literally just set up and tee up deals and get paid finder's fees nonstop. They'll just get paid finder's fees cuz that's what you're talking about. You're getting paid a finder's fee for putting two parties together, buyer and seller. So, yes. I mean, you that does happen, happens all the time. It's just it's it's not as easily said than done because it's um your life cycle for wholesaling a multifamily may take you 3 years. I mean, meaning like you could reach out to a seller of a building cuz I call all the time. All the time. Hey Justin, you want to sell this? Hey Justin, you want to sell that? Hey, do you guys want to sell this? Do you want to do that? I mean, they may have to build that relationship for 2 3 years before I finally say, "Yep, we're ready." Right? So, if you have that pipeline in place, then yes. And the numbers are bigger. You're dealing with more zeros. So, you can get in that space. You can get in that space. Uh beautiful. Okay. So, that we kind of walked through finding, analyzing, raising capital. We didn't get into the the closing and the the management too much because if you don't do the first three, the last two are irrelevant, okay? But is this of interest? Like do people like try them in the chat like if you like, "Yeah, dude, this was cool. Makes sense. I like it. I can see how I could do it. Something I'm super interested in." Who here after kind of seeing and hearing all this has some interest in multi-family? Cuz I got into the weeds a little bit. Without you kind of hopefully not scaring people, but it's incredible business. There's an enormous amount of money to be made. It's just do you want to do it? Yeah, bring D. High income full-time job. Beautiful. We have a lot of people in that scenario. If I will tell you this, if you can find 4 to 6 hours a week into this, you can transition, right? Meaning you can do what you're doing, full-time job, whatever it may be, find 4 to 6 hours a week to dedicate to learning, getting in here, making it happen, having all these things happen. That's how I did it. I mean, I was a realtor doing 10 hours a day, almost 12 hours a day sometimes, selling houses and luxury homes along the Southern California coastal Southern California coastline for 10 years. 10 hours, 12 hours a day, then I come home, I got family, wife, kids, all that stuff, deal with that, right? Kids go to bed. Then I'm spending an hour or two on the computer at night because I want to do this. How bad do you want it? Once again, how bad do you want it? That's why I asked all of you. Where are you at and where do you want to go? Right? If you really want something, you'll make it happen. Right? But if you have 4 to 6 hours a week to dedicate and you have interest in really doing this, like you can do it. Like we can help you if you want to do it. But yeah, like let's go. Right? If if you're mad enough about your current situation or if you want to change it or add to it, whatever it is you want to do, great. Then let's go. But if you kind of, you know, then maybe timing's not right, not a problem, but let's see what you can do. Yeah, my uh basic problem is capital. I don't have a lot of capital. Okay. Do you have 30 to 50,000? No. Okay. Do you have 10 to 20? No. Okay. So, you'll want to have that first, so to answer your question. Cuz you need to have some capital to invest into a deal, right? Cuz you have to have some to invest into a deal cuz you're going to take that money, that 10, 20, 30, 40,000, along with other people's money that are going to come in alongside you, and that's how you're going to go take a building down. But if you don't have that available to you at this time, that's okay. Right? There's other things you can do to get educated on the space, and then just plan ahead. Right? Okay. Plan ahead. Because yeah, that's a key component to it. I mean, there's a lot of gurus out there, guys, telling people, "No money down. You can do it for this, and show up, and you get real estate, and become a zillionaire." It just doesn't happen. that. And the reason it doesn't happen, Renee, would be no different than I I came to you tonight and I said, "Hey, Renee, I got this 25-unit deal in Tucson, Arizona. Here's all the information about it. Projected returns are about 20% a year on your money, and it's a $25,000 minimum investment." And like you were super excited about it. You liked the deal, you liked the area, you liked the me, you like, "Great, I'm ready to go." And then if you asked me, Renee, "Great, Justin, like how much money are you guys putting in?" Right. And if my response to you, Renee, was, "Well, nothing." You're probably going to have reservations. Would you agree? Oh, yeah. Yeah, and that's why to to play the OPM game that we're talking about, you have to have some. You don't have a lot. You have to have some. You have to have some. So Um can you use collateral from your house? Well, yeah, if you want to take you 100%. If you want to take out a We have people do that all the time. They'll take out an equity line of credit or, you know, line against their house, and they'll use that to go invest in real estate. 100% you should do that. If you have enough equity in your house where you could take out a line of credit or home equity line to go invest in real estate, you have to remember there's good debt and there's bad debt in this world. Right? People think about debt as a bad thing. No. I'm 126 million dollars in debt. But it's good debt. Cuz I have 780 you know I have you know you know what I'm saying? When you have 106 million in debt but you have 180 almost 200 million dollars in assets you're good to go. And those are tangible assets. So it's not a problem when you have debt. It's a problem when you have debt against consumer assets. Once again, there's consumer debt which is good debt which is debt against assets that appreciate. Right. Bad debt meaning you take a credit card to go buy a Ferrari. Right? Or you take a credit card to go buy a flat screen. That's bad debt. Right? That's consumer debt because you're not adding value to the world. You're just consuming consuming consuming. Right? But if you take debt to go buy an asset that appreciates and that asset appreciates at a rate greater than your debt your interest on the debt you're good to go. Buy more. Take more. Okay. Yeah, good debt and bad debt. Great questions though. But yeah, so to answer your question the timing could you just maybe a little more time but I would say when you have it and you have that set aside say call 30 grand for simple math. You can absolutely come in here. But now you can learn this stuff prior to and get comfortable. So I'd say stay in the community and let's see what we can do. But um in order for you to actually execute Right. have some capital at your disposal. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. You bet. Uh let me kind of set this up for you guys so you know if you want cuz remember I told you it's all about the community. Okay? It's all about the community. And I'll bring you on Frank here in a minute if you want to come on. Uh beautiful. Um Yeah, home equity line to answer your question Greg. So now I talked about community earlier and why we created this. Because what I'm trying to do is create a community of well-trained investors, right? All around the country that are having success taking deals down doing deals together partnering financing collaborating capital all that stuff, right? And so we've set up in the back end of our community ways to finance deals. We have our lenders in the back end so you can submit deals to they can finance your deals. We have reviews so we'll help you review all of your numbers and all of your analysis on deals as well to let you know whether or not it's a good deal or not. And then you know, we can tweak your numbers, fix your numbers. We'll look at them alongside you. So all that collaboration and partnership inside of community is what we've done. Because you have to be well trained with the bigger picture of partnerships down the road. We would love to partner with everybody in the community and have people partner with us because that's how everybody grows. Okay? So if you have interest privately, you don't have to do this into everyone, but put into the chat name, email, phone number if you have interest in the community and learning more. And then we can set up an info call and going to go through and I'll just break it down for you. Kind of you all stand it? If there's anybody in here that's interested in getting hand held having a community getting direct access to the mentor and being taught and coached every week by me. Okay? And then getting access to all of our vendor systems, all of our tools, everything and being in part of a community of active investors doing the exact same thing type in your name, your phone number and your email privately like that. You can do it to the host. I think you can do that to the panelists and the host. And then that we we can reach out to you. What I also want to do real quick I'll put this in here. Um I'll give you guys a link. And this is a link if you want to book uh an informational call directly with me and the team. Um that's a direct link to do that. And that'll launch a little calendar and you can book a time this week to to have a quick informational call. To kind of show you what's in what There's a ton of things that are included in this, right? Just kind of go over it and I'll all even give you the price cuz I'll just break it straight out and show you what it is. But don't worry about the money for a minute. All right? Don't worry about the money. Worry about can this actually get me to where I want to go and do I believe in it? Cuz that's the key. If you don't believe in it, it's irrelevant. I don't care if it's 400 grand or a dollar, right? If it were free. Like you have to believe in it, right? But if you want a community, it's all here, right? Like I said, the 90-day weekly action guide, the mentorship, the community, the lessons, the partnering on us on deals. We're going to help assist you in finding deals, analyzing deals, the financing, the closing, all the all the management, all the back-end operations, the whole nine yards, okay? Everything. Everything. Okay? Obviously, no, you're not paying 68 grand. Don't worry. But what we do do for everybody that does come into the mentorship, normally this thing is about 8,800, okay? Just so you know. Once again, don't worry about the money for a minute, okay? Money's irrelevant if you don't believe in it. So, the key is, do I believe in it? Can I get information about it? Is it something I would even consider? Then we'll discuss and we'll figure out the money side. What we do do for everybody that comes into the webinars, and if you guys pay uh in full, we'll knock 1,000 bucks off, okay? So, then it's 7,800. So, just so you guys understand the pricing, I just throw it out there so there's no you know, misunderstandings or whatever it is. So, you need some capital to invest in due diligence. We can help you with that, okay? So, that way you have that. Then providing partners, collaboration, financing, all that stuff on the back end to help support you. And all the other stuff we can go through. The key is if you have interest. Setting this aside for a minute, don't worry about the money. But if you have interest, let's set up an informational call, see if it's going to fit for you, if it's the right fit, great. Maybe it's not, it doesn't work for everybody. But if it is, let's get you involved in the community. Because that's really, honestly, what it's all about is this. All about this. Because this is how you're going to be able to get to where you want to go. Generation of wealth, your family, kids, choices, all the things that we had talked about in the beginning. This is how ultimately we're getting to 10,000 units is through building a community and then partnering and collaborating on deals around the country that we may or may not see. So, that's how we all get there. And that is kind of the big picture, right? It's It's a win-win because you got to give to get, right? Reciprocity. The law of reciprocity, abundance to give, all of that stuff's critically important if you're going to grow in life. You can't just take, take, take, take, take. The universe does not reward that. Universe rewards people that give back, leave a legacy, and help others. I'm sure you'd all agree with that. I'm doing well. Thanks for the tremendous overview. And as someone who's basically new to understanding multifamily and as a amateur adventure uh investor, this has been great. So, and thanks for Was it too detailed or like a little over people's heads or was it good enough? I I would say no, it it wasn't. I'm sure for some people it was even too general. For me it was it was a little uh it was more than than I could kind of chew all at once, but that's good. That's a good thing. And I I just like your I like your your department and your whole approach is great. I and I could probably set up a session uh to chat to chat with you or your team. Timing is one thing. You know what, really the question I have and thanks for your disclosing the you know, the investment. The the cost and what you guys are are doing I think is is worth the value. But really what I'm wondering is over what period of time are you working directly with your clients? And and is it a high-touch program and for how long are you really kind of with that person to to make sure they have all the tools and and the ability to then go on on their own or you know, is there an opportunity to kind of stay connected with the community and with your team to to advance, you know, our our investment strategies and kind of get, you know, grow a little bit with you guys? Yeah, 100%. Great question. So, to answer your question, it's a lifetime program, okay? Because we want it we want you in the community using the tools, the systems, collaborating, partnering, being with everybody. So, it's lifetime access. Okay, the actual mentorship and coaching is with me, okay? So, we do a one to few approach and I'll explain that just a second and that's for 12 months. Okay, now we've we've done stuff longer, don't worry about that, but our whole goal is if you want to and you want to move relatively quickly, we can help and get part of something within a 90-day window and that's why we put that out there first you Q1 of 2025. If you want to get in and and locate and get into a your first deal in the next 90 days, we can help you achieve that. But in terms of how long the program is, you have lifetime access to the community, the tools, access to all the stuff that's going on cuz we don't want you going anywhere because we do want a partner. And that's the whole concept of it. Is let's get you in here, get you well yeah, get you well trained, get you successful where you actually take down deals and you get confidence and then once you get the confidence, let's rock and roll cuz I know what's going to happen. Let's say Frank, you get your first 10 or 20 unit deal and then you get another 10 or 20 unit deal. Right? What do you think the next thing you're probably going to want to do? Justin, this has been awesome. I want to go after a 50 or 80 unit now. Let's do it together. Right? Let's do it together. that Cuz now now we're looking at bigger numbers which is now I mean I started in the 10 to 20 unit space and then we went to a 30 to 50 and then from 50 now we got into 120 and then now we're doing 200 unit deals and 150 unit deals, but we typically don't I wouldn't say typically, we need to probably be at at least a 60 unit deal or larger for us to probably consider it at this point. Got you. Yeah, and you just just like all of us, you you started from somewhere. I mean you you didn't start out with these larger deals. You started out with small deals. I started with one condo, Frank, $100,000. Literally right. Well, Yeah. I I'm happy to set up a call. I gave you guys my info, so thanks for the invite. other questions other than that? I guess that's just the info on the program and stuff. And then, um yeah, I mean, obviously we have tons of free resources and tools and and all that stuff for people to use. Yeah. I mean, Yeah. I The questions I have are probably going to be more specific to my situation. I don't want to take up anyone's time here. I I guess if I had to ask a general question, if you if you really pressed me, I would say my question would be, you know, if someone is like myself, genuinely interested in investing, and is at a point where I have the cash, I have the the means, I have the the ability to do this, and the interest. How however, I also have a lot of other responsibilities and passions, right? So, I'm not interested in making a career out of this. Th- This is something that I'm I'm I'm wanting to do to generate passive income, to secure my future for me, and my wife, and my children. And so, right? That's the goal. Now, of course, I'm willing to put into it, but I I have to kind of get to a point, you know, and I think a lot of potential uh buyers are like me, where they you know, what we want to do is get something of a flywheel going, where we have a little bit of where we could kind of take the gas off at some point, and not be, you know, so invested that we we're we're constantly looking for for new investments. Does that make sense? 100%. Yeah, that's why I asked everybody in the beginning, where do you want to go? Cuz everybody has different aspirations. Everyone has different goals. Yeah. Yeah, mine's 10,000, right? Maybe yours is, "Hey, I want to get to 100 units, or 50 units." Sure. Wait, so after about five or six deals, I'll probably be there, and then, keep in mind, you own all of them, and depending on how much capital you want to put into them will dictate how much ownership of them you get. But, what would work beautiful in your scenario, based on what I'm hearing you say, is I would go in and buy get to called 100 units. Maybe it's five deals that gets you there, six deals that gets you there. And then I would do long-term holds in your position. Because you're not trying to really move that in like you said, create No, no, I mean I'm I'm 50 I'm 50 years old, so right? So I'm looking to to retire from my career probably in the next 10 to 15 years. Yes, so you would just do Here's your game. Right? You would buy the deals, right? Let's say it's year one, you'd buy the deal. And you're going to get in there you typically normal markets right around year five is when after buying in here, holding it for that time frame you can there's enough value add to the property, right? To where the value is up enough where you can refinance that property, Frank. Probably with the first refinance, you'll pay let's say brought in investors. You'd probably pay off about 60% of your investors with that first refinance. So now your ownership your ownership goes up and the investors are moving out. Make sense? Yep, so far. Yep. And then let's say year eight comes around few years later and the market's there and you can refinance them out 100%. So now you've owned it eight years, you used other people's money to get the 25 or 30 unit, but now you've refinanced them out 100%. So now you own 100% of that. 100% ownership. Yeah. And it's kicking cash like it's white on rice, okay? Because you look at the longer-term holds. And then if you do that with say five or six deals you're at 50 to 100 units and you're producing you know, $10,000 a month coming out of these things easy. I mean, you're doing a Yeah. The only obstacle for me then would be drawing some kind of profit if that's even the the right word. But like, you know, when you had laid out that case study, there's different ways you're getting paid along the deal. So, And you would do the same thing here. It's just a matter of whether you're doing a short-term or long-term hold. Yeah. So, I could some big massive career I'm building. I just want some good passive Correct. for my family. So, that That's right. longer-term holds on the on the buildings. And you're going to pay and cash out your investors, so that way you take more ownership over time. Make sense? It does. It does. for that with 30% ownership going in. And then as the refinance happen, you get to 100% ownership. All your investors are out. Now you have 100% ownership of 100 units. All. So, I guess another question that would be what what is a typical I know everyone's goals are different. A typical first deal with some of your clients look like in terms of the numbers of partners, you know, who's investing what and and what that looks like. And I could just give you a sample scenario. Like let's say I I mean, I'm looking at putting in, you know, at least 50 to 100k Yep. for a first investment. I mean, just out of my pocket. So, I would expect that the you know, the property itself to be, you know, what equal to the number of partners that were our investing, right? And how many partners would typically be involved? Just for a first time a first deal. Yeah, so let's just for simple math and you could find this. It's out there. Let's say it was a million-dollar deal. And it was a a 10-unit deal. Okay? And you can find $100,000 a unit. You can actually in the Midwest, you can find these. What part of the country you in? Yeah, I happen to be in the Midwest. I'm in Carmel, Indiana. Originally, we just moved here from Chicago. Yeah, you could totally find this. So, let's say it was a million-dollar deal, and then let's say you're going to have, I don't know, $100,000 in closing costs, probably less than that. And let's say you're going to renovate the property and put in $10,000 a unit, right? So, you're all in a million two. Yeah. Okay? So, then you're going to come here and you're going to get a loan for 70% of that. Do my simple math, you're probably looking at um 800 Wait. What is that? 800,000, something? Is that right? Do my math right? 1 2 Yep, 840. The loan for 840. And then your delta you're bringing in uh 360. Okay? For the down payment. Now, you are going to bring in 36 grand. You can bring in more. You can bring in more, but 10%. I remember we were saying 10%. Your investor is going to bring in what, 330,000? Call it. Is that right? So, that's what they would bring in. And this is probably going to be brought in by about four to five people. Somewhere in there. Okay. Give or take. And this this is with me as the general partner, as you explained it earlier. Correct. Okay. You'll have control of the deal. You have voting control. You control the deal. Even though you only technically maybe own 30, 40% of it, you have 100% voting control rights. And you don't need any license or license or certification or anything for this. No. Yeah, the Now, depending on who these investors are, right? That's how we get into the syndication and PPM game and SEC or not, right? But that's for a deeper discussion when you actually get to that point. Yeah. So, we we we talk. Okay. Yeah, depending on who the investors are will dictate Yeah. how much legal you do. Yeah. But that's how basic structure would do on a million-dollar deal. And then you're coming in with 36K, but keep in mind you're Here's the cool thing. You're probably going to get a $20,000 upwards of a $30,000 acquisition fee. Two to three Two to three percent of the purchase price. At the onset. So you're already making your money back. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you literally If you got 20 grand, you're out 16 physically out of pocket. But your 20 But your 36 is making the money. But you get this $20,000 acquisition fee or a $30,000 acquisition fee. That's day one. That's literally Peter to pay Paul. So your your net there is call it 16K out of pocket. And now you're getting monthly cash flows and all the other things that are going to start coming through. A tax benefits, everything that starts running through the property. Correct. And so you're you are going to help with the your program will help facilitate the partners finding the partners? Or or is Is that all on Yeah, we don't help find the partners. We can help set up system structure all of that because everybody has different Now, I will tell you this. The community is investing with each other if that's what you're asking. So let's say you brought a deal in and people were talking about it and you want to pitch it and talk about it. Yeah, you can have other community members be your investors. Got it. And and how how big is your community currently if you don't mind sharing? Yeah, so there's 2,400 people in the total multifamily school community. In the mentorship that's active, right? Because people that graduate through it, we have about 160 people in the actual mentorship live today. Got it. Yeah. Well, they graduate and out. Correct. That's impressive. And you're doing all that yourself? I mean, most of it. Yeah, have a team. You have a team, but I mean you're you're meeting one-to-one with all all those people. yeah, we yeah, we do a one-to-few approach. Correct. So, when we do our live coaching One-to-few? Okay, got it. the reason why we do that, number one, we found it's more effective because when you come on a weekly live coaching event with you, me, and about four or five six other investors, you're going to see the deals they're doing and/or the things they're doing. They're going to bring questions and issues to the table you're Yeah. It's a learning accelerator. I get it. Totally. Yeah, and then what's going to happen, too, which literally happened 2 weeks ago, is we were talking about one of the deals that the students had. And the other students were like, "Holy crap, that's a great deal. It's in Cleveland, Ohio." With one of our students, Steve Parker. Great great guy. And the deal was so awesome. I was like, "Man, maybe we need to get into this thing." So, we started talking. Now, all the students are starting like look at investing in. So, it happens all the time. Got it. Yeah. Okay, well, I it's a little late for me here on the East Coast. That's why I'm feeling I don't know if my questions are going to make sense if I keep asking them. I appreciate your time. I I'd love to follow up with you and Sure. you know. Yeah. Appreciate you reaching out. Those are all great questions, and let's see what we can do. But, I appreciate your time.