How to find apartments in the next 90 days. How to find and buy an apartment complex. And let's focus really on the 10 to 30 unit space. 10 to 30 units. There's a reason why I keep you focused in that space because this is how somebody who's a newbie or newer can actually execute and get into this game. If you're if you're listening out to gurus and people talking on the internet and saying, "Hey, go after bigger deals for your first one, 50 plus units and all this other cute stuff." That's nice. I understand why they're teaching you that, but the reality is you can't execute at that, especially if you're not new or newer trying to execute in the space because you don't have a resume, you don't have clout, you don't have the connections, right? You don't have all the stuff that are kind of needed when you go into the bigger space. 10 to 30 units though, you're dealing in more of the mom and pop space, more mom and pop sellers, brokers, lenders, people in general. They don't expect you to have this resume and all this stuff behind you to go execute. It's just not as important in that space. It's more mom and pop. That's why we focus you there because there's still lots of money to be made. Great opportunities are there. And then you can still syndicate, right? Syndicate in that space. Question for everybody here. Does anybody know or have they heard the term syndication before? Okay. Okay. So, when you see that term or hear that language, just think, hey, all it means is that one person is going and getting other people to collaborate with money to go buy real estate. So, that's all it means. Okay? So, when you hear that, just know that's what we're talking about. And why is syndication the way to do this? Well, you have two options. You can do it alone. Not a problem. We started that way. But then you're going to need to be coming up with if you want to take down a 10 to 30 unit apartment building or 50 unit or 100 unit at some point in your life, you're going to need hundreds of thousands and millions of dollars. So that's option A. And if you have that available to you, rock and roll. Most people don't. Most people will have 20, 30, $50,000 available to them. And by that means you can play this game. You can go get a 10 to 30 unit apartment building with, you know, 20K to 50K out of pocket and go execute and become a multi-millionaire with that out of pocket. I'm going to show you that tonight. Okay, we're going to break that down. But that's why you syndicate. So you can use some of your money, a little bit of your money in conjunction with other people's money to go buy apartments. Okay, beautiful. Fractional ownership little different. That's that's actual that's different. We're talking about partnerships. A little bit different structurally and legally. Just FYI have a good point, Mark. Great point. So, my promise to you tonight is this. As I'd mentioned, how to buy a 10 to 30 unit apartment deal in 90 days with $20,000 out of pocket. Would this be worth it to you if you can learn this tonight and that's the only thing you learn? This little beautiful 10 to 30 unit. How do you actually put it together and take it down? And then more importantly, how would you find good deals? That's what that's the greatest search ever. How do you find good deals? What is the process? We're going to talk about that. Okay, full disclaimer, just so you know, you're not going to automatically become a millionaire with one apartment building in the 10 to 30 unit space. You're going to set yourself up for you and your family into the future. You're going to do very, very well, but you're it's not an overnight success story, guys. It doesn't work that way. That's that's what I call fugazi fugazi, right? It just does not exist. But you're going to set yourself up for you and your family for the future and become a multi-millionaire by doing the space. Okay? We're going to teach you that tonight. Teach you that tonight. Okay? In 2008, just so everybody understands like kind of my background and how I got started. I'll tell you a little bit about that. Does anybody know any of my background? You don't have to. I'm not some crazy influencer online, but I'm just curious if anybody knows kind of a little bit of my history. You can chime in. know and I'll give you a 30 second synopsis, okay? But in 2008 when I got started, I was just trying to survive the financial crisis in which my dad got wiped out in. So he went through a massive bankruptcy in 2008 to 2010 in the financial crisis and I watched that entire thing completely collapse right in front of my eyes and that was kind of a pivotal moment as you would say in someone's lives. I learned an enormous amount going through it. Uh what to do, what not to do. Did anybody else get affected by that time period of the financial crisis? Chime in the chat if you were affected. Family, businesses, anything like that, relationships, lose houses, lose cars, lose everything, whatever it is. Chime in on that. But I did know this. I did know I wanted to be a millionaire. And at least in my brain cell, I said a million dollar equals $2,379 a day. So if I can find a way to make $2,379 a day, I can become a liquid millionaire. Liquid millionaire. Okay. Currently, I own just about a,000 units, okay? And just over about $185 million in assets. Our goal, just so you know, is to go to 10,000 units and $1 billion and keep this in mind because there's a reason why this is in place and there's a reason why we're even on this this evening, okay? Because a lot of people, well, why are you teaching? Why are you coaching? Why are you mentoring? Why are you doing this stuff? I'm going to get to it. There's a bigger picture for everybody. Okay? Bigger picture. The big purpose between I call it the freely you give, the freely you receive, right? Helping others and the law of reciprocity. You can call it universe, God, whatever it is is going to pay it forward for you. And this is the reason for that. Okay, we're here. We want to go here. So, I would like to ask all of you tonight to think for yourself. So, here we are at the end of April. Got three quarters of the year left. It's December 31st, 2025. Like, I literally want you to imagine this for a moment. December 31st, 2025. If you could pick a number of deals that you would execute in the 10 to 30 unit space, how many would it be? How many units would it be and how would it feel in December 31st, 2025 if you executed that plan? So, just so everybody understands how I got started. So, this was right around 2010. We're going through the financial crisis. I'm helping my dad consolidate his businesses. Everything is collapsing, right? I'm getting my ass handed to me. I'm in real estate. This is not fun. Okay. But we got into a condo, one condo, because I went to a partner of mine, a friend by the way, and I think Constance or somebody had asked here, "How do I do this with no money?" Technically, that's not it's hard. It's harder. Okay, you can do it, but you better have a killer skill set. And at that time, I did. I knew how to find deals, analyze them, put them together, structure, close, manage. I could run the entire operations and I knew it really, really well. So that was an extremely valuable skill set to have to then go find people with money who want to do what I want to do. They just don't have the skill set. So I add value to them. They add value through the capital. Bada bing, bada boom. That is how the first deal got done because I thought to myself, I don't have any money. I literally had like $11,000 in my freaking bank account. I couldn't go do this. But I had a partner who I said, "Hey, Chris, here's the deal, man. We need to buy property. I don't have the money right now to do it, but I can find us the deals. I can analyze them. I can put them together. I can manage everything. I can run the show. I can do everything. Chris, I just need you to bring in the initial starting seed capital and sign on our first loan. And then let me go rock and roll. And then we both split it 50/50 and we collect checks. And he was on board. He was in another industry at the time, not getting clobbered. He had some capital available to him. He wanted to invest in real estate and multif family and rentals and stuff. So did we. We able to put a partnership together. So we partnered literally on a capital company to start it. But that's an option that's available to you if you don't have any money. But you then if you don't have the money, you better be bringing the skill. And we'll talk about that. That's a sweat equity. Okay. But that's how you do it. But we started with one condo for 100 grand, brought in $25,000 down, $75,000 loan. That thing it I mean $570 a month free cash flow. It doesn't sound like a lot, but the returns were fabulous. It was just a small deal, right? Small deal. But that's how it started literally. And then from there, this is the financial crisis and a lot of stories were written about my dad going through that time, but you know, it was devastating. It was devastating. You know, I mean, I don't know. I mean, some of you chimed in here, um, you know, you chimed in that you'd lost things, right? I get it. I get it. We watched a lot of things collapse. families, houses, everything, car, I mean the whole nine yards, the whole party. Boom. Okay. But I will tell you this and remember this. In moments of suffering, greatness is born. Right? In moments of suffering, greatness is born. Keep that in mind for yourself if you're going through tough times. Okay. The 2008 collapse, 2008 to 2010, I become an asset manager. Just goes to show you, man. You go from the the positive side of real estate and development and all that stuff you're doing. Everything goes to Excuse my language. And then now you become an asset manager. Now I'm working for the evil guys in the banks, handling a lot of their foreclosures and assets around the United States, managing them, getting them set up, evictions, cash for keys, moving them through the process, handing them out to realtors, putting them on the market, then go be resold after they were foreclosed on. And I'm talking just gobs of properties. I mean got I mean we all watched it happen. It was unbelievable, right? But that's that time. All the meanwhile in 2010, okay, I also got I had my real estate broker's license and at that time we started buying our first condo that I talked about. So that was our first deal. Real estate broker license, buy the first deal. And now I'm selling houses and helping people buy and sell real estate around San Diego, California. But I was doing a lot of short sales. Now, fast forward, right? You go through that process. We buy a bunch of properties and it looks like this. So, we go from one unit 2010, $100,000 condo. Fast forward eight years later, we got to 20 units and about $3.5 million. All done with duplexes and forplexes, right? Duplexes and forplexes. Now, most people would say, and we did, too. We said, "That's pretty good. We're doing all right. We got a little portfolio. It's all 100% with our own money. Everything's cool. We have a retirement. Okay. But that's not what we wanted. We wanted more. We actually wanted to scale a great company. But we were running out of our own money. So, this is kind of where I said earlier when we first started. You can syndicate, which means you use some of your money in conjunction with other people's money to grow. Or you can be halted and stopped with your own money. You can do it all with your own money, but then get ready to bring out hundreds of thousands and millions of dollars. So, the false belief pattern that you need lots of money is because most people try and do it with their own money. Stop doing it with your own money. Do it with some of your money in conjunction with other people's money. And that's how you scale to the moon. Companies do this. Real estate does this. Everything does this. If you want to understand the game of money, understand the game of syndication, right? OPM, other people's money. That's the game of the world. Elon Musk, how much of Tesla does he own? Does anybody know how much of Tesla he owns? Curious. Jeff Bezos, how much of Amazon does he own today? Larry Ellison, Google. I mean you the name keeps going. Zuckerberg with Meta. What percent? Less than 10% everybody. So 90% of those companies are owned by other people with other people's money. They have less than 10% but they're the richest people on planet Earth. Connect the dots. Connect the dots. That's how the game is done. It's not done with your own money. It's done with some of your money in conjunction with other people's. So here's the holy grail because we had to learn the OPM game. So 2018, 20 units, three and a half million. Fast forward, literally as of today, a thousand units and about 185 million. 185 million in five states around the US. The only difference between this time and this time, same equity. We just took the money out of here, scaled it with OPM to go from two to 20 units to over a thousand. Same equity, nothing changed. We just now could it with other people, too. partnerships. So now now we control 40% of this or we have 100% this 100% of three and a half or 40% of 185. Which one sounds better? Same equity. Nothing changed. We just took it, moved it, scaled it. All that happened. So that's why the game of OPM is so critical, right? If you want to do this and do it well and have little out-of- pocket capital, that's how you do this game. And why? Um, yeah, it's less than 10%. Yeah, any of the guys, any of those guys, less than 10% of their companies and they did it mostly with their own uh mostly with other people's money. But the key is the mindset side, right? We got to get past this mindset limiting belief system that everybody has around this game. Okay, so we're going to focus on the mindset here for the next few minutes and get past some of these false belief patterns that people have. Do any of these resonate with you? The belief number one, I need a lot of money to get started. False belief pattern number two, multifamily is too complex and it's only for experts only. False belief pattern number three, deals are hard to find and the market is oversaturated. So my job for the next few minutes is to kind of showcase why we need to throw these out the window and that you need to get to the edge of the cliff tonight and decide for yourself what am I going to do? How am I going to do it? If I'm at 40, 50, 60 years of age, right? You know, I love the people telling you you have a lot of time, but but we don't like we don't because I mean we all see it happen all the time. tomorrow could end. I mean, it's unbelievable how, you know, life is it's short. It's very short and it is unpredictable and as we know it, it could be gone tomorrow. And I know people say that, but it's true. And once you kind of live long enough, you start to see friends and other people go sometimes tragically, sometimes naturally, but you sit there going, man, like it's time to roll. Like, let's go, right? Let's go. So, one, two, and three. These are critical because we got to get by these. So, let's start with belief pattern. The false belief number one that you need a bunch of money. And let's break down an actual deal. Let's say this thing was like a 15 unit property. Okay, 15 units. $100,000 a unit. That's $1.5 million. Let's say we're going to improve and renovate that property for grand. Let's say that we have closing cost, that's what CC stands for, closing cost on the deal, 50K. So, our total all-in all-in cost on that deal is a,650. You tracking me so far? Now, we're going to go out and get a loan from the local bank andor there's plenty of banks for this. We have them in our system for 70% loan to cost. Okay, that's a million150 loan. Getting this loan is easier than getting a $200,000 house loan. Does anybody know why? Chime in the chat if you know why. Getting this loan for a million1 is easier than getting a $200,000 house loan. Do you know why? The complex is a business. It has a revenue, it has expenses, and it has a beautiful thing called net operating income or profit if you're talking in business terms or IBIDA as they would say. Okay? But million650 all-in cost, you're going to get a loan for that. The reason why this loan is easier to get than a house loan is because the bank looks at the property as a business generating income to pay them their mortgage and all of their property taxes and insurance and everything every single month. That's what they care about. So now the only thing we really need to focus on is this grand. Now most people if you were trying to do this all with your own money or thinking you had to would go, "Holy crap, Justin, I don't have 500 grand." And my response to you would be, I know you don't. Most people don't. Most people don't have that. So, how does the game get done? You are going to come in with about 10% of the money. About 50 grand. About 50 grand of the actual required money down payment. You're coming in with 10% of that. The OPM, other people's money, that's 490. Call it for this sake. I think it would be what? 500 or I'm sorry, 4450. Not 495, 450. But that would make up the 500 grand. That's 90%. So other people are bringing in 90% of the deal. You're bringing in 10% of the money. Now for that 10%, the cool part is you're going to get a probably about 40% of the deal. They're going to get about 60% of the deal. Okay? They bring in 90% of the money, get 60% of the deal. You bring in 10% for 40. Now, one of the coolest things is that for 10% of the money, you give 40% of the deal. Plus, does anybody know what an acquisition fee is? Yeah. Different than a finder fee. Finders fee is literally a finder fee. Acquisition fee. So, keep in mind when you're doing this game, you are what's called a syndicator. I aka general partner, right? your syndicator, aka general partner, for putting something like this together, and going through the process of finding the deal, analyzing the deal, putting it together financially and structurally, doing all of this hard work and leg work to put this together for you and the OPM, the other people's money, you get paid fees. A very standard fee is called an acquisition fee. It's paid literally within a few days of the close of escrow. It's built into the total cost of the deal. It's already built in and that pays you. It's like Peter to pay Paul. Okay? So, you're bringing in 50k, but you're getting an acquisition fee of $30,000 coming back to you literally within a few days of closing the escrow. So, if you get 30,000 back and you put $50,000 in, what is your actual out of pocket? $20,000. So, I want you to keep this in perspective because you took the time to learn this process and you have a very valuable skill set to help people invest in real estate alongside you. It's very, very valuable. So, by doing this and learning this, think about it. You're now controlling a multi-million dollar asset, 15 units for $20,000 out of pocket. Guys, you couldn't go buy a half million dollar single family home rental for less than $100,000 out of pocket because the bank would require 20 to 25% down. You know that and I do. It's a rental property. Rental property. Now you're going to go own 15 houses or 15 units all in one building for 20,000 bucks. Uh you'd ask for show where it come from. I said it's built into the closing cost, built into the total cost of the deal. It's already built in there for you. uh you two to 3% of the purchase price is the percentage right percentage off the purchase price of the property. That's how you calculate the acquisition fees. Uh that's all built in Anthony the the attorneys and stuff, right, for doing your closing and all that. It's built into your closing costs number one, but it's paid by the deal. Correct. Great questions. All great questions. So, frequently asked questions that I do get is, "Hey, Justin, I want to make an extra 10 to $20,000 per month in income from this type of thing. How many deals do I need to do to make that happen? 20 10 to 20,000 a month. 10 to 20,000 a month. How many do I need to do so I can leave my 9 to5?" I hear that all the time and I totally love it because that means you're like thinking like a creator and you want to jump out in the universe. It's three to four deals. three to four deals because on average a 10 to 30 unit deal is going to produce somewhere between 2500 to $4,000 a month in free cash flow to you to you. Okay, right in that range. Do you do the math? Three to four deals in that 10 to 30 unit space will start aligning with the 10 to 20,000 a month. Okay, it's just a matter of how fast you want to put those together. It could be six months, could be a year, it could be two years. On average, plan for two to three years. On average, plan for two to three years to make sure that you give yourself runway if you want to exit whatever it is you're doing now and move full-time into this. We've had people do it a lot faster. Some people take longer. It just depends, right? Everybody can move at different speeds. There's no specific, but on average, that's the game. That's the game. Um, uh, yes, Roger, it'd be closer to a 30-unit deal. Great question, though. Roger had asked, "What does a 4K deal look like? Is that 30 units? The answer is probably yes. It's closer to that. That's right. That's right. That is correct, Michelle, on your on your question there about the uh the percentage. That's right. That is you. That's your side of it. Your side of it. Not not to the property. That's to your side. Okay. Next question I get, how much time is needed to be successful at this? In the beginning when I got started, 5 to 10 hours a week. Here's how my days went. Keep in mind, I was a real estate agent broker, 100% commissioned, 10 hours a day as a real estate broker. Would come home, spend time with family and the kids. They would go to bed, have their thing, and then daddy was on the computer two hours a night. Two hours a night to find deals, analyze them, put them together until we get stuff going. You get momentum, and the next thing you know, you get more more money from it, and you can spend more time with it. Okay? But that's how it starts. 5 to 10 hours a week, you can execute. That's how I did it. Question is, how bad do you want it? You kind of want it or do you really want it? If you kind of want it, you're going to get kind of want it results. If you really want it and you have a little pain stuck behind you, you'll execute the plan, right? But that's why I say we need that a little bit of the pain. We need like where's it at for you? Because we like we kind of come in and wrap our arms around people and help you out, but everybody needs to do their part, right? This we do it with you, right? As a part of this. But how much time is needed each week to be successful? 5 to 10 hours a week in the beginning. That's how you'll execute the plan. The other one, you kind of already had this answer, but I only have 20 to 50 grand to do investable stuff with. Can I get started doing this? The answer is 100% yes. You know, while some capital is, and I wouldn't say needed. So, Constance, she'd answer you answered it because I actually technically me got started with zero because I had a partner who brought in that initial seed money. But if you don't have access to a partner, then yes, some capital is needed, not a lot, to own and syndicate apartments, right? You're going to be learning the process of scaling money and leveraging your money with other people's money, but you get to control the deals, right? That's the key component that I want everybody to understand. You control all the deals legally and making all the decisions. So, it's not like you're losing control because you have less percentage in the deals, right? You're getting a good chunk of the deals for a little out-of- pocket capital. That's the beauty of it. But you have 100% control. So the belief that you need a lot of money to get started just is not true. But I would ask you this question. If you found a 20 unit deal that made financial sense in the next 90 days, depending on whatever market you're in tonight, right? If you found a deal, 20 units that made financial sense in the next 90 days, do you have access to 20 to $50,000 that you could go and execute on for something like this? Answer that in the chat, yes or no? Could you do that? If it made financial sense, the deal makes great sense, could you go execute on that in the next 90 days? And if the answer is not right now, it's okay, too. There's options for that. But if the answer is yes, great. Then let's lean in and figure out some more. Yeah. And remember, your issue is never the money. It's always about the deal. Deal, debt, equity. Deal, debt, equity in that order. If you have a good deal, the money will find you. Money loves making money. That's the one thing I know very, very well. Money loves making money and it loves making it fast. Okay, so that's the answer to that question for you. So belief pattern number two that multif family is too complex and it's for experts only. None of these people were experts. I was not an expert. I was not an expert at all. Especially in this game of money and in OPM and understanding other people's money and syndicating and I it just seemed like a foreign language to me. And this was back in 2018, right? 2018. But I had enough. I'd had enough by just doing enough and just having enough. And I said, "No, I want more." Well, the only way that's going to happen is you have to take change and action to make things happen. It doesn't just show up. Right? You can ask the universe for things. That's cute. That's great. And the universe will send it back to you. But if you're not willing to take action when the universe cracks doors, then you're going to sit there in a cycle of complacency just spinning wheels. And then you're going to wonder why nothing's happening. Well, it's because you're not taking the action. The universe is sending you stuff. Guaranteed. Guaranteed it's sending you stuff. If you're asking for it, it's sending it to you. Let me give you a perfect example how this game of manifestation goes down. So, I had I had somebody ask me the other day because they were trying to do some things, but I put on my uh my vision letter that I do every year. It's like a one-page letter that I write to myself talks about personal, professional, and health. Personal, professional, and health. And on the professional side, I said, "Hey, I want to start doing some ADUs and some other things in doing those types of deals." Well, asked, put it out to the universe. I'd like to do these types of deals in ADUs around San Diego, specifically the college area. And I sent it out. Well, literally two and a half weeks later, I'm walking into a doctor's office. I'm sitting down in the waiting room waiting to go back, reading a magazine, but still having my ear out. This gentleman walks in. and he's on the cell phone, sits like across corner to me. He's on the phone with a buddy of his. He says, "Hey, yeah, I have this property up near college in San Diego State, and it's easily you can I think you can put some ADUs on the back of it. I'm getting a research now, but I'm going to try and sell it. Just make some money on it, and get out of it, and let somebody else handle it, but I'm trying to get rid of this property. It's perfect for ADUs." Now, I had two choices. I could act like I didn't hear the conversation and just go back to my doctor or I could say, "You know what? Maybe this is an opportunity and I could take a little action." So, I waited for him to get off and I said, "Sir, listen. I don't mean to overhear your conversation. We talked about a property up in such and such area and does ADUs. I'm looking for stuff like that. Can I come tour the property? Like, are you open to that?" Absolutely. You see how that happens? Sent it out. universe frequency, but the action, it literally cracked the door in a freaking doctor's office. All the stuff's happening to you, too, but you got to take the action. It could be here tonight. I don't know. But stuff like that has to happen. Has to happen. Um, beautiful. I'm glad I'm speaking your language. But it's you don't have to be an expert. You just need to be willing to step off the cliff a little bit. Allow the how to show up. Not you know, you always hear the saying, don't be fear of failure. Listen, you can do calculated risk. That nothing wrong with that. You can calculate your risk. That's good. Don't be reckless. But once you get to the cliff and you know you need to jump and you got good birdie and bad birdie over here trying to bad birdie's holding you back. Good birdie saying go. Sometimes you need to go and allow the how to show up and trust in yourself and believe in you. Let it rock. But all these folks did the same thing, right? It was not too complex. Akus and I don't have the video to play here but Akus perfect example. She's in the medical profession. English is her second language. Had never really done this before. didn't understand it, none of that stuff. But then she got into this space and she learned it and she's like, "Oh my gosh, like this is incredible." And more importantly, like the the layman's terms way in which it's taught, I can understand it, right? It's not too complex. And then it's just a matter of being handheld and executing as you go through it. But that's a where she came in. She talked about it being, you know, initially a small course. Then she came in and she realized, hey, it's kind of like rich dad poor dad and you get to learn this stuff. The other one I loved was Steve. Steve Parker was just on our our call in our community. He's a contractor in the upper Midwest. His first deal was a 39 unit in Cleveland, Ohio that he got massive tax abatements on, by the way, which is incredible, but was not too complex for Steve, right? And this is a video to play that we play on online, but just to kind of show you, it wasn't too complex for them either, right? Normal folk doing normal things. They just came in, leaned into themselves, believed in themselves, learned it. So that way they had a great skill set that then they can go execute and put money together. And that's what he did. That's what Steve did. Was on his first unit, 39 unit. And then Brian's one of my favorites because now he's on his third deal now. But he was a dog walker doing a training company. And he got in, this is his first deal, 22 units that he did and he posted it online. This was actually recently uh this year. 22 unit apartment deal done, right? Super stoked. And now he's on to his third one. wasn't too complex for a dog walker. That was in Oklahoma, right? He was able to pick this thing up with uh $37,000 out of pocket and control and run the entire thing. Control and run the entire thing. Um Relle said, "I'm near Calabasasen Hills. I want to connect." Beautiful. Yeah. Love it. Uh by the way, uh Michelle, I went to Pepperdine University, so I know Calabasas, Woodland Hills, Topanka Canyon extremely well. Obviously, the fires up there were incredible. Uh, but I know that area extremely well. So, love it. Uh, is anybody know who Ken Meoy is? Ken Meccroy. So, if you don't, not a problem. He's kind of like the silent silent billionaire. Okay. Was not a genius. Bought his first investment property in 1990 while he was a freshman in college. No previous experience. Today, $3 billion in assets, 9,000 units in five states. He's regarded as one of the gurus in the industry today. very sharp guy, very nice guy, great to be around. Okay, Ken Maroy was not an expert. You notice none of these people were experts. They had to learn it, right? They had to be willing to take action, but they were not experts to get started. They had to start somewhere. Everybody starts somewhere. If you remember, every rich person was broke at some point, right? Every rich person was on their knees and willing to lose everything at some point. I mean, heck, there's stories about so many companies out there that were on their last week of revenue before they were going to implode and they had to get a deal done and they made it happen, right? It's amazing what you can actually pull off in such a short window of time and how much we say we can do in a long window. But you can get so much done in a short window. Any of you guys know these beautiful faces, right? Whether it's Grant Cardone, Robert Martinez, Carlos Reyes, Ryan Paneda, Brandon Turner is one of my favorites. This guy's incredible. uh with Bigger Pockets. He was one of the co-founders of Bigger Pockets and then now he's got his own thing with Better Life and stuff. But great human beings. None of them are experts though. They all started with nothing, learned it, and then executed. Right? That's the kind of point that I'm trying to drive home for you is you don't have to be an expert now or think that it's too complex to actually get started. You don't. You just need to be willing to go out there and lay it on the line a little bit. Lay it on the line a little bit. So the belief pattern that multifamily is too complex and it's for experts only. We're going to throw that one out the window tonight, too. So the fact that you need a bunch of money, I just showed you how for 20,000 bucks out of pocket, if you do it right and learn the skills, you can execute. So you don't need a lot of money, that's gone. The belief that you have to be some crazy experts, no you don't. All these people started, they just had to learn it and then go execute, take action, and they made things happen. I would say this and this talks on Constance's point that she was asking you either bring the sweat equity or you bring the check equity right remember what I was saying sweat equity or the check equity seed money knowledge and skill sets so you maybe have a little bit of money then you can bring the sweat equity bring in the other other people's money and go execute on a deal so that's what you guys need to understand you bringing one or the two into the deal. Most of you are going to be bringing a lot of this and a little bit of this. But if you have 20 to $50,000 in investable cash right now, you just need to learn the skill sets to go execute. Like that's what you have to get because now you extreme now you're extremely valuable to go win and execute the plan. You just need to know how to do it because you got a little of this. Now you just need to know a little bit of that and that's the game. Okay. Belief pattern false belief number three that deals are hard to find and the market is oversaturated. Who here thinks just curious that we're on the verge of a collapse? Uh I would say this to answer that question on collapse. Uh the answer is no. Not fundamentally we're not. But we are starting to see rippling signs even within the real estate of higher supply levels. Guys, it's all about supply and demand. Would you agree with that? Simple economics. Supply and demand. So, for the longest time, demand exceeded supply in real estate. Uh, not so much anymore. That game's changing because of interest rates, cost of housing, low affordability, all these things that are playing a role are affecting things. And so, we are beginning to see ripple signs of that. Is it a collapse? I don't know the answer to that. I don't believe so. I don't believe so. But do I think we're going to see some challenges before we get to the other side and having a little bit of a re reset on a small level? Yeah, I do. I do. And you know, sooner better now in markets when they get overheated um and some fundamental things that need to get corrected so that way we can have a better upside down the road as a country both in real estate and other markets and other markets. So yeah, and I agree. We've been hearing that for six years. At some point they'll be right. Right. But what I would say is this. Here's the key to it all. Don't overlever and have fixed rate debt. Don't overlever and have fixed rate debt in all of these apartments. I'm not asking anybody in here to come in here and speculate andor buy into crazy development projects that are speculation andor buy into luxury home flips speculation. Or even, you know, some house flips speculation because you can get caught, right? you can get caught. What I'm asking for you is to buy cash flowing assets that are existing properties with tenants in them where you're only putting on 70% debt, 30% equity, and it cash flows beautifully from day one to where all you need to do is operate the property or have other people do it for you and you collect checks. The key is don't overlever and have fixed rate debt and you can ride through any market up, down, left or right. It's irrelevant to you. you're sleeping well at night. And if you don't think I didn't learn that because of the financial crisis and watching my dad collapse, that was a lesson learned. I watched all the pain he went through and I was included in that, but he was really included in it. And I said to myself, when I rebuild this thing again, it's going to be based on fundamentals of cash flow and fixed rate debt and low leverage. So 70% leverage, cash flowing assets, fixed rate debt. I could give two shits what the market's doing because all I know is that tenants are paying everything and it's paying off all the expenses and all the mortgages and everything and we collect checks and we have low leverage and fixed rate debt. That's what I do know. And so it's irrelevant to me, right? The markets could go sideways. I understand at some point the world can come to an end. You're right. It could, but I'm not worried about that. And you shouldn't either. And that's why you get into this game. So, the fact that deals are hard to find, the market's oversaturated, is just not true. And we're going to show that because there's two ways to find deals. Two ways to find deals. Which one do you think is easier to do? Direct to broker or direct to the owners? I love Felicia. She's saying it depends. Okay. I mean, it kind of does depend. Depends on how much time and money you have. And it's understanding how the game of commercial real estate works and how properties come to market. Because when you go look at residential single family homes, okay, you go on the portals, Zillow, Trullia, Realtor.com, Redfinomes.com, all the portals, the marketplaces, and that's going to show you probably 90% of the market, okay? At least or more or more. And the properties come to market differently in residential than they do in commercial. In commercial, it's still a good old cowgirl and cowboys club. Okay. The process, just so you know, the process for by a property comes to market just like this. A broker is making a phone call to someone like me that owns a building. Now, for every single phone call that you could make, if you were going direct to me as well, the broker is making 5x, okay, phone calls. So, they are going to control the in-n-out to the marketplace. The broker gets somebody like me to raise their hand, right? And I say, "Yes, I'd like to sell." So, they give me what's called a broker opinion of value. I agree with that value. So now the broker, what he does is he takes it, he puts a little marketing package together, okay? And then he sends it out to about 25 to 50 of his closest investor friends here. The property will sell 80% of the time right here. We call this pre-market. Okay. If it does not sell in the pre-market, the broker moves the property any of those websites that you may be familiar with. Okay. This is what we like to call leftovers. Sorry, my handwriting is horrible. Leftovers. because you're only getting to see 20%. The most of the market's here and this is why you're frustrated because all you're seeing is the leftovers here and you know that the market's here. Like you know that that's where the deals are at. You just can't get them because you don't know how to you're not using a certain process. You have to understand how the game works and how you get access to this game here because all you're doing is looking at this game here. And yes, your broker's opinion is a I would say it's 100% fluff, not 50%. So Joe, it's 100% fluffy fluffy. You're 100% right. Yeah. It's just understanding how the game works in the commercial space. They get the listings, comes here, pre-market, will sell 80% of the time. If not, moves to the leftover stage. And this is why when you're looking at deals online, you're like, "Dude, this thing does not make sense. They're asking too much money. It's crazy. It doesn't work. Gosh, I'm frustrated. Market's oversaturated. Deals are too hard to find. I can't find the good deals. I need to get to the stuff off market. Yeah, I know. And you know that the game is how do you get to that, right? There's a method for this process. The method for this process. Obviously, too much to like sit here and go into detail tonight, but the key is you need to learn that process and it can absolutely be done, right? And the key thing is you can leverage this to get access to this and that's the game. That's the game. So that is the direct to broker approach, right? So we talk about this direct to broker. That's that game. The direct to owner approach. Okay. The direct to owner approach is a different one through software. We'll show you that. So if you do it alone, deals are hard to find, right? If you do things alone, the deals are hard to find. If you do in collaboration, they're not right. They're not. And this is the key to it. So the direct to broker approach. So what if you found a community of other investors doing deals around the United States where you could learn insider techniques that would equip you with the skills to uncover these offmarket deals, right? And you actually had the process to go execute. So therefore, you were getting access to that 80%. That's the key. And you had that right to do for you. Would that be worth it to you? So single family versus multifamily. What would you say the biggest things are with single family versus multifamily investing? Obviously, you get monthly cash flows. Everybody knows that you get that with both single family and multif family. You get profits from a sale or refi from single family and multif family. The biggest difference is is obviously the numbers here are bigger and the numbers here are bigger. But did you know that you get paid five to eight ways while you own an apartment complex? Did you know that? Try them in. Did you know that you're going to get paid five to eight different times and ways throughout the ownership of that apartment complex? And if you got into single family, you get paid once, maybe twice, maybe twice. But did you know five to eight times? Okay, this is the holy grail. This is why multif family is so bitching because you're going to literally get paid five to eight different times. The first one is your acquisition fee. That literally is day one when you close on the deal. Okay. Other ones are asset management fees. You're going to get paid 1 to 2% of the revenue generated. It's not a property management fee. That's separate. Asset management fee is managing the managers. Think of it like this. You are officially when you do this going to become kind of like a hedge fund manager for apartments. You're the CEO of your own investment company and you're going to go rock and roll this thing and you're going to become an asset manager. So that way you're not dealing with the toilets and tenants every day. Right? You have a nine-to-five job. You have a career that's taking a majority of your time. I understand that. So, how do you still operate that? Have income for your family and what you're doing so you can pay bills. All the meanwhile you're building this sucker up so that way at some point you can say, "Adios, 9 to5. Let's rock and roll with multif family." That's how that game works. But it takes a little time to build that up. And all the meanwhile you have fees coming in to help out with that process. One of them is asset management. The other one would be tax benefits, massive tax benefits and write-offs. Would anyone love to learn cost segregation, bonus depreciation, and wipe out taxes for the majority of your human existence for the rest of your life? Would that be beneficial? Yes, it would. Yes, it would. Anthony had asked, "How do you afford a PM with only 30 units? Most PMs charge 8 to 10% gross rents." Uh, Anthony, it's not 8 to 10% gross rents. It's on rent collected by the way and it's typically 6 to 8% you're accurate and all the meanwhile the numbers that's why you do commercial real estate and not say a little 4unit or single family because you're right you could not afford a PM company doing that it's hard you have to self-manage when you get into the space of 10 to 30 it's all built into the expenses on the property right that's why you're in commercial real estate versus residential the numbers in the properties can take care of themselves and one of those line items is a PM fee A great question though. Uh, no actually it just went up Kevin. So the Trump administration took it from 65 70% now back up to 100. So Jack, it just got reignited by the way. It isn't going anywhere. If anything, it's getting more fun. So fees at the sale. So you get some fees when you sell a property. And no different than a commission from a broker. You can get paid a fee as part of put putting that together and selling it. Finder fee. You guys talked about finders fee in the beginning. So yeah, if you're a good deal finder, literally, I kid you not, if you're an amazing deal finder and you can just find great deals, people come like we have people in our community right now, they're not even doing the syndication, they're just finding great deals. Our software that we have, real estate radar.ai, we're using it to find deals and wholesale them around the country. Multif family, that's what we're doing. And then we can now have our deals on demand program inside our community where we can basically silver platter deals to people that already meet our metrics. We've already underwritten them and here you go. They're they're great deals. Like they make great sense and they're already pre-underwritten and ready to go. So that's part of our deals on demand program. But you if you can be a great deal finder, you can get paid 1 to 2% of the purchase price for finding the deal. Okay. Construction management fees. If you're doing renovations on these beautiful projects, these little 10 unit, 20 unit, 30-unit deals, there's construction management built into that while you're managing and renoing that property. If you're going to do some renovations, all that stuff, construction management fees are built into that. So, you're getting cash flows, profits, and all these things, five to eight different ways you're making money on multifamily versus single family. That's why you do this. That's why you do this. Okay, keep going. So, let me break down a case study deal. So, I can actually show you the dollars and cents of a, you know, deal that I mean, this is not not typical. Okay, this is a 31 unit apartment deal in the Midwest that for $19,000 of my own money out of pocket. I'm going to show you exactly what I made and how we put it together. 31 units. We bought it for a million525. We did $400,000 in renovation to it. We had closing costs of $225,000. So our all-in was 2,150 grand all-in cost. We went out and got a loan for 70%. Remember don't overlever 70% a,505. We had to bring in 645,000. That was 30%. 10% was from me, 64 grand. 90% was from OPM. That was actually seven investors, by the way. Seven investors. Now, remember this acquisition fee that comes in in the beginning, 45 grand, 64 in, 45 out. I was technically out of pocket $19,000. And now I have control and ownership of a 31 unit apartment deal in the Midwest. Sound crazy? It's not. So, what did I get for the 31 units 24 months later? Because this is where it gets really cool. We did the Burr strategy, right? Where you go in, you renovate, you improve the values, raise the rents. Now, you have a new value on the property. It went from a million525 to 3.6 million in valued in months. Because of that, we were able to refinance the property, do a cash out. It's called a cash out refinance. pulled out $2.5 million. We paid off the million5 loan we had. We paid back all of the equity to ourselves and our investors. We pocketed an additional $355,000. Meanwhile, that's tax-free money. Did you know that debt's taxree when you take out loans? Taxree. IRS doesn't tax you. Asset management fee that I was getting at 1% per month. 40% of the deal and the profits and the cash flow I was getting. So 2,000 a month for five years, that's $120,000. My net profits from the sale, an additional $470, $590 grand on $19,000 out of pocket. That's a 32x on the money. I mean, where else can you do that? I mean for most people they would say that seems illegal but it's not very typical okay very typical okay and you just have to understand you have to have the skill set to go do this you have to learn it remember sweat equity or cash equity sweat equity or cash equity which one do you have which one do you want to bring in because you the key is knowing how to do this and learning how to do this and then being handheld through the process do you believe that with the right kind maybe handholding or community that you could probably pull this off if you believe in yourself enough that if you knew how to do this, you could pull this off for you and your family. So, to summarize this, my promise, as you know, in the beginning was to show you how to buy a 10 to 30 unit apartment deal the next 90 days, $20,000 out of pocket. We succeeded with that. I also told you that I wanted to nyx some of these belief systems that many of you have, which is that you need a lot of money to get started. I showed you that for $20,000 you can do this out of pocket. Out of pocket. Belief number two that you have to be an expert. I showed you tons of people and there's many, many, many, many, many more. They're not experts. I was not an expert. I didn't know any of this stuff on our first deal. Now, keep in mind for my first deal, I had to raise $898,000. That was the capital raise that I had to raise and put together. I had never done it before. I'd never done it before. But you know what I did have? I had a great deal. I had a great deal that made great financial sense and the money chased it. If you have a good deal, the money will find you. If your deal sucks, the money will leave you alone. It's that simple. So, the key is finding good deals. That's the skill. You got to find good deals. And we can help you do that. Okay. Elite number three that deals are hard to find and the market's oversaturated. Only if you do it alone. If you do it in collaboration and partnerships, they're not. If you do it alone, yes, they are hard to find. They are hard to find. You have to do it in collaboration and partnerships. And then you can nyx all of these main beliefs that hold people back from taking the next steps from taking the next steps. People ask, they say, "Hey, like you know, if I did this, like what does it what does it all entail? What is it, etc., etc." And I want to show you that. Okay, I want to show you that. Let's do this. So, what is the community? And let me start by prefacing this. Multifamily schooled. Multifamily schooled is our company and our community that we created several years back now. And people ask me all the time like why are you doing this? Remember in the beginning and I said law of reciprocity, freely give, freely receive. This is where it plays in because a few years ago when we thought about doing this, the one thing I said I was not going to do is be some guru online just selling a bunch of courses and stuff to people and not helping get results. like that was not in my cards, my reputation. It's just very very important. I just didn't want to be known as that and solely as that. So I said, but if we can create a win-win where we can get to our goal by creating something cool and other people can get to their goal and we can help them doing it by creating something cool, that's where the win-win is. Meaning, if I can help all of you get into your first, second, third, 10th, 20th, 10 to 30 unit apartment deal, right? And by doing that, then you're going to probably want to do bigger deals. And when you do bigger deals, you're probably going to need partners and other people's to do it. So therefore, partnerships and collaboration happen. And that allows us to get to our 10,000 units and a billion dollars in real estate and allows you to become a multi-millionaire and multif family as well. You see how we're now creating a win-win, right? The whole thing is aligned. The entire system is aligned because now we're helping you succeed and then by default now we're getting a chance to see deals that we otherwise would never see partner on bigger deals together and grow our portfolio alongside yours. That is why this was created. Okay? So you understand the concept behind it. Okay. So what do you get? The key thing is this weekly mentorship calls with me. You're not getting some random hired coach that has done one deal and now they're trying to teach everybody how to do it or some student that all of a sudden was coached and now they're trying to teach people how to do it. You're getting me every single week, two calls a week on Zoom in a small environment of about five to eight other investors where you're going to see this thing go down. That's a $9,000 value. So what does it look like? Very similar to this every single week. Five to 10 hours a week if you can dedicate towards finding deals and doing this. These are only little 30 minute and hour hours little Zoom calls we get on. But that's step one. Number two, we're also going to apply an accountability coach to you because the biggest thing is the mindset because you come in, we see it all the time. Come in with a lot of motivation and excitement. You get going, the minute you hit resistance, if you don't have somebody there to kind of pick you up, right? You get frustrated and you quit. The key to this whole thing is not giving up. Just don't give up. Stick the process out. If you stay the process, you'll win. If you give up, you'll lose. Just don't give up. So, the accountability coach is there to help with that. $4,000 value. So, what does that look like for you? Look at Shai's cute face. We're going to take you through a 90-day action plan and guide. This literally thing is this thing is designed for 90 days. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Follow these steps. We're going to hold you accountable. I'm going to be there alongside you to get you into your first multifamily deal in the next 90 days. That's the entire program. Now, this thing does not sunset. So, we want you in here for lifetime. You have access to everything for a lifetime. You're here for a lifetime, but we want you focused on getting your first deal in 90 days. And that's why we put you through this. Okay? So, that's the accountability side. So, you get that $9,000 value for the mentorship calls, $4,000 value for the accountability coach, lifetime access to the community, like I talked about, $5,000 value. What does that look like? You come into the community, we're going to collaborate with you. We have a mobile app now that everybody's using. You can download this thing. It's sick. We just got approved through Apple. I don't even know if you can see that. You can't even see that app on the phone now. Yeah. Anyhow, you're going to download that inside the community. Collaborations, chatting, where are you at in the country? How are you finding deals? Here's deals we're submitting. Pre-market, offmarket deals for you to look at. All the stuff's happening in the back end of the community in the chat. In collaborations on the mobile app native, you have notifications turned on. You're going to see things. It's really really cool. That's part of that community environment. It's very very active. That's that. So all these things are coming into it. Act in the community 10-p part master class. I'm going to teach you every single thing a toz everything. Finding, analyzing, financing and capital, tax incentives, bonus depreciation, cost segregation, creative financing, all of the stuff's going to happen in the back end. How to raise capital, how to close, how to manage, the whole 99. how to hire the property managers so you can continue with your current job and not give that up. It's really, really key because while you're making this transition in this setup for you and your family, you still got to pay the bills and that current career and job need to do that until you can transition out of that if you want to into this. Okay? So, that master class, you're going to get everything inside of it. $3,500 value. So, you can see 9,000 4,000 $5,000 $3,500 value the toolbox. So, this is really, really key. Why is this key? Because we don't want you having to create anything. If you're having to go do letters of intent, pitch decks, due diligence, checklist, deal analyzers, legal documents. I mean, the name goes on. It's just litany list of stuff. We don't want you having to create that. So, we give it all to you in the back end. So, you have a whole little document library toolbox with every single thing you're ever going to need to buy an apartment. Everything. And if you ever need anything else, we put it in there for you because we're always updating that thing to make sure it's got a lot of stuff that everybody needs. Okay, that's a $10,000 value. Additionally, who here has an LLC set up? If you do not, we help provide that for you. Ideally, Wyoming or Delaware? Wyoming or Delaware. And that's all part of the process. It's fully included. LLC setup, right? Not the cost for actually doing the LLC, but the process for it is all included. We give you a CRM and a website. Why do we give you a CRM and a website that's fully templated with everything you need to run an investment company? Why? Because if you're going to raise money and you're going to attract lenders for these properties, they're going to want to know who you are. They're going to look you up online, right? And there's a process by which we walk you through so that way you look presentable to all of these folks we're talking about. All part of the process, okay? We hold your hand through it and we provide you all the tools to do it. So that's a $5,000 value. Oops. So, that's that here. All the litany list of all the files there. You can kind of see a little screenshot of that. The website, CRM stuff that's all pre-built with automations, templates, everything in the back end that you can customize. Okay? And we have people to help you do that. All part of the program. We're trying to be all inclusive because I've seen all the roadblocks people have and we're just trying to nip every single one off. Okay? So, the two times a week with me, $9,000 value, success, accountability, you can see what's going on. Like, we're loading this thing up with value for you. Access to all of our software, our real estate radar.ai. You're going to get to try that out. $1,800 value. Access to all of our vendors and our systems. This is by request. All of the people in the program said, "Hey, do we have access to all of your attorneys, bookkeepers, accountants, lenders, construction guys, property managers, anybody and everybody that's in your system that you use around the country? Can we have access to them?" Yes. You get them right in the back end. Okay. $5,000 value. Real estatear.ai. You can go check that out, try it out. That's all part of it. 90-day action plan and guide that we give you a part two step-by-step guide. $2,000 value, access to all the vendors and systems, $5,000 value. So, you can see this thing. I mean, it's just loaded up. But I would ask you this before we kind of finish up. If all this did for you, after you see all this stuff, if all it did for you is finally get you into your first apartment complex this year, what would that do for you? Would that be worth it? Chime in the chat. Would that be worth it if all it did was get you into your first apartment complex 10 to 30 units this year? Would it be worth it to you? Okay. If all it did was give you the skill sets to do this and overcome some of these false limiting belief patterns that many of us have, it's worth millions. Put deals together, maybe get out of the rat race and towards financial freedom, would that be worth it to you? Is it worth it to you? If it all it did was that help you get you in your first deal, help teach you the skill set so you could execute this plan, would that be worth it to you? Awesome. And I would say this one's maybe the biggest one. If all it did was help you gain the respect of your family because a lot of people I was chatting with a guy earlier today and he lives in Iowa and his biggest thing was that he felt like he wasn't leveling up for his family. He had spent 20 years in the medical profession. Was it medical? Yeah. Yeah, his medical profession. And he didn't feel like he was leveling up for his family and for his kids and his wife. And I was like, that's that's that's that's real pain. Like that's a driver. I said, that's good. I said, I hope that eats at you, burns a fire inside of you because that is what you need to push. But if all it did was help you with that and getting the respect of family, kids, spouse, aka make happen in your life, would that be worth it to you? Be a doer, not just a dreamer. Be a doer, not a dreamer. Would that be worth it to you? So, the total value of everything I've shown you, it's 65 grand. 65,000 bucks in value. Now, look, do I think it's worth that? All day long. All day long. I don't think I know it is. Obviously, we're not going to have you pay that if you want to be a part of the community, but I just want you to understand the value that's a part of it and what you're getting, okay? What you're getting. So, everything there on the left kind of shows you again and summarizes what you get. What you get when you come in as part of the community, okay? What you come in as a part of the community. Now, this $65,000 value. No, you're not paying that. The actual cost of the program is $10,000. $10,000. That is what you pay. Great question came in. Are you the person on every call during the weekly calls or one of your trainers? Nope. It's me. Remember when I said, "Yeah, and I don't know if you heard it in the mentorship calls, it's me." And they're small group environments. And there's a reason why it's me. Okay? I've seen too many other programs and things out there where you get on a Zoom call with 200 people and you're in a conveyor belt system and you can't get your questions answered and you're in a a big large you can't even get Q&amp;A like you feel like I mean almost like you're a like you're a small twig in a big field right uh that's what I don't want happening so I want intimacy number one I want people to have access to me number two when you come in you actually get my cell phone number personal and my personal email in the back end of the system. So, you can text and email any questions, issues you have and then we have our two weekly calls which is with me where we're going through things and I'm Q&amp;A with you directly in real time on any issues you're going through and if there's an issue throughout the week, text and email, not a problem. You also have your accountability coach who's there for you as well and then our entire team. So, we're coming in and really trying to hit you at all angles, but the access and intimacy is really, really key part of the program, which differentiates it from anything else out there, right? You're not part of like you're not a sardine. You're not in a sardine can with a bunch you 3,000 other people and you can't get answers to your questions and you feel like you're just taking a bunch of courses and stuff. That's not what this design uh to do. the whole masterclass stuff in the back end and the portal and everything you get is like incredible, but that's really there just to reinforce what we're going to do in live sessions and calls every week. Okay. Um Kevin, sorry asked. So, uh how many students? So, we have 4,300 people inside the community. Okay. But not all of them have been mentees. So currently as of today to date in the active mentee about 158 and then they move through the program and then they can graduate at a certain point where they may not need us as much right most people need us heavily for the first year and then once you have two three deals under your belt you may not need us as much. You're there you have access but you may not need it. Does that make sense? Um great questions by the way Donnell. Yes you can. We've had multiple people get deals in less than 90 days. Less than 90 days. I think our fastest one was 22, by the way, in Louisiana. I I mean, I've never seen it before. I mean, holy cow. I think they had I think they had the deal teed up a little bit before they came in, but holy cow. 22 days they had that thing in escrow. It was awesome. Um, cool. So, that is there with that. Um, let me ask you a question. Is there anybody in here right now that wants to learn all this stuff? Wants to do it. Like you want to do it, but you're just not. The timing is not ready yet. Meaning, I don't have 15, 20, $30,000 to actually invest into a deal and control it for myself and do this game I just taught you. I'm not ready for that yet, but I will be, right? I just need time, but I'd like to learn this stuff in the meantime. Anybody in here in that situation? I'm curious. type in yes to the chat if you're kind of in that situation where you want to do it, just the timing is not ready yet. So maybe I should just learn and get involved in that aspect first and then when I'm ready I can kind of upgrade into the mentorship and the handholding at a later date. Okay, cool. So then let me offer this to you for those that are kind of in that scenario. We have a university. Okay, we have a university and you can try that out for a week. So, what's in the university? This pretty much has all of our courses, all of our tools and everything. It doesn't have the mentorship. So, the biggest difference is it doesn't have the handholding, doesn't have the live intimate training with me. You're not going to get access to me and all that other stuff, but you do get access to all of the information and tools and resources and community stuff. not the mentorship community, but you do get access to our 4,300 membership community. You do get access to that. You can try it out for three bucks for a week. If you like it, you can continue. If you don't, cancel anytime. Not a problem. But we want to give you access to try that out. So that way you can learn, you can see it, you can try it. I believe you're going to love it. The key to this when you get into the community in the back end, log in, take advantage of it. We have tons of stuff in there, and you also get the app and all that stuff. The biggest difference between this though, just so you understand, is you're not getting the mentorship. You're getting courses, right? You get community, you get resources and tools and courses. It's a learn at your own pace environment, but it gets you started. It's a great low barrier to get in and learn. And then when you're ready, you can always jump in and get handheld at the stuff I just showed you, right? The actual full full-blown mentorship. So that's the key component with that. Okay? So that way when you get in there, you're going to see this, but includes all this stuff. Okay, pretty cool. Take a look at it. You can try it out. If you like it, great. Continue. I believe you will. Believe you will. And then you can stay in that. And then when you're ready, let's bring you into the mentorship. And that way you can get handheld and rock and roll. Okay. Rock and roll. So that provides another option for people if they don't kind of have some capital ready to go and aren't fully ready for a mentorship yet and handholding. Great. come in, engage in the university program and the community, learn, get ready, and then you can always upgrade into the mentorship. Not a problem. That's a great low barrier starting point to learn everything about multif family and be a part of a really good community. Okay. Um, after the first uh after the first week, it's 97 bucks a month. It details it on that page for you. It's 97 bucks a month if you want to continue beyond the week, but you will. It's a great program, great community, great resources, tools, and we're always adding to it, changing it, improving it, making it better. So, you're seeing all new stuff added in there all the time. All the time. It's very, very good for people that just want to learn on their own pace and aren't ready for a mentorship just yet. Just yet. Anything else before we finish up? I want to be respectful of your time. I know it's 9:30 East Coast time, but this was a great webinar tonight. I appreciate everybody coming on, spending an hour, hour and a half with us. I hope you learned a lot and we got through a lot of some of those false belief patterns that people have and being able to kind of take the next steps for yourself. You know, whether it's kind of coming in starting to learn on your own or hey, let's rock and roll with a mentorship. Let's guide you through this process and get you to where you want to go in the next 90 days and make 2025 your best year